









ncys: advocate of youth sports - national council of youth sports






































































































searchdonate nowfind a program 


facebooktwitterlinkedin 

 log in 
contact shopping cart0 





national council of youth sports



homeabout uswhat we believencys leadershipjoin ncysmeet our partnersask the sports doceducationcertified sports administrator/csacoach-mentor trainingu.s. council for athletes’ healthplay safely sportssportsedtvhow to coach kidscrashcourseheat-related illnesssafetybackground screening guidelinescovid-19 resourcesgorescuehealth & safety advisory councilnational center for safety initiativespaciraprivitsapreastop sports injuriess.t.r.i.v.e.books and magazinesadvocacycongressional caucus on youth sportsnational youth sports week (nysw)personal health investment today (phit)ways to givedonate nowcorporate partnershipround up for kidsnews & blog 




youth sports greatest resourcesupporting sports for every childpromoting safety in youth sportscontinuing education courses for sports leadersencouraging legislative advocacy for youth sportsncys: advocate of youth sportsnational council of youth sports
the national council of youth sports (ncys) is comprised of many of the who’s who in the youth sports industry nationwide. ncys members serves some 60 million registered participants in organized youth sports programs. our members are recognized as the gatekeepers, key decision-makers, influencers and advocates for youth sports participation.







ncys 
membershipstay connected with national youth sports. join or renew online now.
join nowncys
coursescontinuing sports education and  professional development courses.
learn morencys
resources
learn, discover and renew!  make your organization’s voice louder.
learn morencys 
blogread our blog for the latest news and events about youth sports.
read nowncys:
promoting the importance of youth sports
our mission is to enhance the experience of all participants. ncys is nationally recognized as a leading advocate for young people to have full access to sports and to ensuring that games are played in safe environments.


help keep youth safe and engaged in sports
70% of young people quit sports by age 13, often due to factors like unsafe environments, ineffective coaching, and a lack of proper support. at ncys, we believe that safety – physical, emotional, and social – is the cornerstone of a positive sports experience. without it, young athletes are more likely to disengage.
we’re committed to changing that. through coach and certified sports administrator training, emergency action plans (eaps), background screening we provide coaches and administrators with the necessary tools they need to create safe, supportive environments. we’re now launching a bold new effort to track and reduce the 8.5 million sports injuries that occur each year. by prioritizing safety, we can ensure young people stay in sports, thrive on and off the field, and grow into resilient, productive leaders.
your tax-deductible contribution helps fund these critical programs and resources. by supporting us, you’re helping ensure that every child has access to a safe and fun sports experience, where they can grow, learn, and succeed. please contribute today.

donate 50 nowdonate 100 nowdonate 250 nowdonate other amountother ways to donate
ncys:what we believe
ncys believes:
-participation in sports provides physical, social, emotional and cognitive benefits over a lifetime. 
-every young person has the right to participate in sports in a safe, wholesome and nurturing environment.
learn morencys:who we servencys serves:
•	national youth sports organizations
•	unaffiliated local youth sports organizations
•	destination marketing organizations
•	brands interested in supporting youth sports
•	parents
learn morenational council of youth sports
a leading organization in america representing youth sports.

ncys brings awareness to recognize, prevent, and respond to situations
both on and off the playing field to protect children in youth-serving organizations
and to keep them safe in every environment.
 

 
national youth sports strategy
the u.s. department of health and human services (hhs) developed the national youth sports strategy (nyss) to unite u.s. youth sports culture around a shared vision: that one day, all youth will have the opportunity, motivation, and access to play sports — regardless of their race, ethnicity, sex, ability, or zip code.
click the nyss champion logo to learn more about this important strategy.
 



 join ncys »meet our partners »donate now »educational opportunities »ways to give »ncys shopping mall »safety »helpful resources for our members »advocacy »quick info links





logo
										© 2025 national council of youth sports. all rights reserved.									



sign-up for news & updates














name*email*

organization*emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











54517



 



nav menuhome
join ncys
about us
education
safety
resources
advocacy
ways to give
contact us
 



contact470-719-9091
email us
facebooktwitterlinkedin
 





|home
|find a program
|donate to ncys
|join ncys
|ways to give
|news & blog
 








home
cart
about us

what we believe
ncys leadership
join ncys
meet our partners


education

certified sports administrator/csa
how to coach kids
heads up
heat-related illness


safety

national center for safety initiatives
safety packet
privit
strive award


resources

books and magazines
services


advocacy

congressional caucus on youth sports
personal health investment today (phit)
play sports coalition


news & blog
ways to give

donate now
corporate partnership
round up for kids


ncys shopping mall

add your products


find a program
contact us
 

≡

 























