



big game houndsmen | a site dedicated to big game hounds






























big game houndsmen


a site dedicated to big game hounds


bgh home page
cat training
kennels/breeders
hound books
advertisements
garmin astro products
garmin alpha products


skip to content
home
forum
browse classifieds
 









welcome to big game houndsmen online!

big game houndsmen is a site dedicated to hunting big game with hounds. whether you run your hounds on mt lions, bobcats, bears, wild boars, and even coons, you’ll find plenty of resources on the site.
big game houndsmen forum is the largest online hound website for big game hunting with dogs on the internet. on the forum you’ll find many experienced hounds men that share their stories about their hunts as well as share their advice to the “rookies” of hound hunting.
feel free to register on the forum and begin sharing your hunt stories with other fellow hounds men.

 
 
 

in june of 2007, i took ownership of the biggamehoundsmen.com and launched a new forum on the big game houndsmen site. the forum is slowly evolving and will grow larger as time goes by. look for new and exciting changes to come to the site in the future.

 
 

 
 
 
if you are looking for hound hunting equipment be sure to visit double u hunting supply.  they specialize in hound supplies, dog tracking supplies, and all the accessories that go with them.  you can find e collars ranging from the new garmin delta,  or garmin pro 70 to simple shock collars to training collars with vibrate features and bark collars.
basically, if you need something to train your dog, you can most likely find it at double u hunting supply.
some of the more popular systems that dog hunters use.
we use and recommend the garmin alpha 100 combo  it features a garmin tracking collar with shock collar and built-in gps tracking into one unit.
you can add additional garmin alpha collar  (tt 15) quickly and seamlessly tracking up to 20 dogs with the alpha system. with the alpha you can also add the new garmin t5  collars which are tracking only collars.
 
if you don’t need the training part of the alpha, then perhaps the garmin astro 320 with t5 would better suite your needs.  it has a full featured gps but unlike the alpha it does not have the shock collars,  you can add a total of 10 garmin t5  collars
 
one of our most popular accessories is for customers that need to replace their dc30’s dc40’s antennas,  we recommend and use the stainless heavy duty (tuff skin) antenna.  these antenna’s improve the range
 








 gps dog tracking links

garmin alpha combo deals
garmin astro combo deals
garmin tt15 collars
telemetry dog tracking collars

blog / articlesblog / articles
select category
bgh articles
bgh stories
product and supply blog.
   garmin alpha dog tracking products
   garmin astro
   garmin delta training collars
training articles
uncategorized



site menubig game forum
double u hound supply
hound hunting  podcast
garmin help topics
hound publications
cat training
kennels / breeders
hound medical info
state dnr laws
legislative issues
contact us
advertisements
  articles 

garmin drivetrack 70 review


2015 national hound association summit


sportdog brand tek 2.0 update


double u hunting supply has been awarded the google trusted store badge


garmin tt15 collar


garmin® introduces new collars for astro® and alpha® dog tracking and training systems


garmin announces t5 and tt15 gps dog tracking collars


pr:   double u hunting supply announces du hound fund!


 





search for:



 



 







					big game houndsmen				


proudly powered by wordpress.





all information on this website protected copywright


 








