








washington academy of sciences | scientific society in washington, dc






































 



washington academy of sciences


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				
join
publications

journal
journal submissions
journal history (since 1898)
selected journal articles
the academy’s seal of approval
art in science


awards

nominations
awards_history


events

awards banquets
presentations
symposia and special lectures
capital science
special events


junior academy

awards
stem fairs
programs
online resources


organization

board members
affiliates

affiliates list
roster of affiliates by date


committees
by-laws
privacy policy
website policies


about us

peg kay


contact
 





search for:



 







home…

call for awards nominations
please nominate your distinguished colleagues and friends for these prestigious awards!  the nomination deadline has been extended to march 1, 2025.  more details on the application process are here. 

next awards banquet: may 8, 2025
all are invited to the gala celebration for awardees at the awards banquet of the washington academy of sciences! in this annual event, the academy will enjoy a delicious buffet dinner at the beautiful ceresville mansion. please join us and have an opportunity to meet and greet fellow scientists, engineers and educators from the dmv area. for decades this banquet has been a highlight of must-do events for the science community in washington.
photo by paul arveson
the event begins at 5pm on thursday may 8. ceresville mansion is located at 8529 liberty road, frederick, maryland 21701. (travel time is about 45 minutes up i 270 from the beltway in maryland.)
tickets are now on sale here! 
the academy has a special interest in stem education for students of all ages.  our junior academy partners with other volunteer  educators in the dmv to promote these services for our community.  we welcome students and their parents to attend this inspiring event!
tributes to the washington academy of sciences on its 125th anniversary
in may 2023 the washington academy of sciences celebrated its 125th anniversary in conjunction with its annual awards banquet.  special highlights of this event included tributes to the academy from four leading scientists in the washington dc area.  following are short videos of their presentations:
dr. s. panchanathan, director of the national science foundation (nsf)
dr. s. panchanathan, director of the national science foundation, offers encouraging comments about the educational work of the washington academy of sciences. 
dr. william phillips, national institute of science and technology


dr. phillips won the nobel prize in physics in 1997 for his development of techniques for the study of cold atoms.
dr. vint cerf, google inc.


dr. cerf was one of the early developers of the internet. he has been a long-time member and supporter of the washington academy of sciences.
dr. laurie locascio, director of the national institute of standards and technology


dr. locascio is the under secretary of commerce for standards and technology and the director of the national institute of standards and technology (nist). from 2017 to 2022, locascio served as vice president for research at the university of maryland.
the board members of the washington academy of sciences are grateful for the recognition offered to the academy by these leading science and management leaders from the dc area!

past presentations
 the washington academy of sciences now includes on this website an archive of audio, video and slide presentations sponsored or submitted by members of the academy.    please visit our presentations page for a list of these fascinating presentations!






nominations due  3/1/2025 




						request for awards nominations                    


					tbd                

					monday, january 10, 7600                




			view all events        
please support the academy! tax-deductible donations of any amount are appreciated!  for federal workers, we have cfc number 28737.  for donations by check, please see this page.

subscribe to our newsletterplease enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *custom captcha * 




=

 



email *submit 


scientific society in washington, dc

social media links:blueskyfacebookmeetupyoutube top science headlinesnear-complete skull discovery reveals 'top apex', leopard-sized 'fearsome' carnivoredoes planetary evolution favor human-like life? study ups odds we're not alonemarine mystery solved: how anemonefish avoid stings from their sea anemone hostsdeposits found on a nearby asteroid point to salty water in the outer solar systemmouse study finds impaired cell development: intermittent fasting could be unsafe for teenagers 





					proudly powered by wordpress				



we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website.  we only stored the cookies on your browser that are essential for the technical functionality and security features of the website.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								












save & accept


















