

halifax hotels | the prince george hotel halifax











































book online
1.800.565.1567
join our eclub
1725 market street halifax, ns b3j 3n9


gift cards

reviews
location & directions
contact















the hotel







amenities & features
business centre
meet the concierge
pet-friendly
green prince program
join our eclub
photo gallery




excellence in the heart of halifax
our wide array of hotel amenities and guest services ensure that you have everything you could possibly need and more.




•
accommodations
•
specials
•

dining







gio restaurant
levelbar

breakfast
sunday brunch
off-site catering
 


dining at prince george hotel
enjoy an evening with friends fire side on our levelbar patio for delicious bites, cocktails and conversation or experience culinary and service at its best with dinner in gio. with a reputation for quality, creativity, and versatility, there is simply no better place to dine in the city.




•

meetings







overview
meeting facilities
equipment rentals
green your meeting
catering services
request for proposal
 


meetings at prince george hotel
when you’re looking to hold your next corporate function or business meeting in downtown halifax, we can help coordinate all details to ensure everything runs smoothly from beginning to end.





•

weddings & events







weddings overview
special events
event venues
catering your wedding
equipment rentals
request for proposal
wedding gallery
 


weddings at prince george hotel
allow us to give you a reason to celebrate. versatile event space, exceptional planners and an award-winning culinary team each help create remarkable occasions in downtown halifax.





•
things to do












make a reservation


 to


 best rate match




































welcome to the prince george hotel in halifax!

treat yourself to a little luxury. you deserve it.

world-class four diamond service in the heart of downtown halifax. unparalleled hotel excellence that will please even the most discerning of travellers. you will appreciate the sophistication and charm of the prince george hotel from the moment you arrive to the time you checkout. with 200+ stylish guestrooms and suites, enjoy impeccably appointed accommodations featuring contemporary design and luxe amenities.
			



enjoy fine dining at its best. gio restaurant halifax (located on-site) is simply a feast for the senses. with a reputation for quality, creativity, and versatility that is second to none, there is simply no better place to dine in the city. please note that some of our dining options have closed temporarily. please check our travel information notice for the latest information and operating hours.
			

make organising your meeting a breeze. if you're looking to hold your next corporate function, business meeting or social gathering in downtown halifax, our 7,400 square feet of flexible meeting space is perfect for any event, from high-profile group conferences to intimate wedding receptions.
			

				while our finest attribute is the personalized service you'll receive from beginning to end, our alluring range of onsite comforts help transform your halifax getaways and vacations into something truly extraordinary.
			

















			latest specials see all specials »








book direct
save up to 20%

book this deal
book this deal for july





booking direct with us has rewards! for a limited time, save on our best available rates. this offer also applies to our popular selection of suites. to access this offer, call or book direct with the prince george hotel.
view terms & conditions

*subject to availability, blackout dates may apply. new bookings only, not applicable to groups.













stay longer & save
save up to 25%

book this deal
book this deal for july





book 2 consecutive nights and save up to 25% off our best available rates.
view terms & conditions

* eligible nights vary week to week, please confirm with calendar for availability. subject to availability and blackout dates at time of booking.






 

﻿







our sister properties:
cambridge suites halifax



					the prince george hotel
					1725 market street
					halifax, nova scotia b3j 3n9
				










		© 2025 the prince george hotel
		

best rate match

careers











































