



ras home












ras
home

welcome to rickschummer.com


		web site hosted by godaddy software



(version 4.5.21 - this site updated
		09-sep-2006)
 


what is new?

favorites

site map

about ras







united we stand!







blog

vfp tools 

vfp books 

vfp announcements 

articles 

presentations 

glgdw 2001 pictures

devcon 2000 pictures 
set up your 
		dot com





site policies







		curriculum vitae


resume 








words of wisdom

track space station

campgrounds 

us states visited 

browser details

photography index 

biscuit photos 

rocketry 2001 photos





older information





news

ras.commentary

great truths

websites of the month

what was new (v3.x)

what was new (v2.x)

what was new (v1.x)









great truths adults have 
      learned over time:  today's mighty oak is just 
      yesterday's nut that held its ground.
web site of the month:


      (mar 2005)

google is well known for searching the web, but the
		google maps (still in the testing 
		stages - beta) might be the coolest thing they have introduced in quite 
		some time. i have almost forgotten about mapquest.


thanks for visiting:
      i have published this web site to provide a place for useful information 
      to my friends and colleagues.











           designing and implementing desktop applications with microsoft® visual foxpro® 6.0

           designing and implementing distributed applications with microsoft® visual foxpro® 6.0

           analyzing requirements and defining solution architectures\








hentzenwerke publishing 
      has printed copieds (as well as downloadable e-books in
                  pdf format)  of
      what's new in 
      nine: visual foxpro's latest hits. 
have you heard that visual foxpro 9 was released by 
      the end of 2004? have you purchased the latest version and been trying to 
      figure out all the new features? want a head start to understand all that 
      is new from developers who have been working with the product for more 
      than a two years? 

      all the chapters were posted electronically before the book and 
      vfp 9 were released so you could have learned about the many new features 
		in advance.

      check out all the nitty-gritty details about the new report designer, the 
      xml features, enhancements to many of the ide tools including the new data 
      explorer, sql enhancements, new data types, customizable property sheet, 
      hooks to redefine the native ide dialogs, anchoring, better intellisense, 
      stronger remote data integration, the usual improvements to the language, 
      a new version of installshield express, and much, much more.



hentzenwerke publishing 
      has printed copies (as well as downloadable e-books in
                  pdf format)  of 

      deploying visual foxpro solutions.
      ship it! music to your ears or words that cause a cold 
      sweat as you realize you now need to deploy the solution you have worked 
      on for so long? have you planned the deployment? do you have the proper 
      language in your contract with your customer? do you have the proper 
      install package? do you even know what features your installer needs or 
      how to use one of the many installers? 

      what media is the package going to be shipped on to the client? how will 
      it be distributed? is the customer even ready? what happens after 
      setup.exe finishes? do you have the support infrastructure in place? how 
      are you going to handle updates and changes? 

      there’s a lot to think about, and deploying a solution requires careful 
      planning. these questions and many more are answered based on real world 
      experience within the pages of this book.



hentzenwerke publishing has printed copies (as well as downloadable e-books in
                  pdf format)  of 

                  megafox: 1002 things you wanted to know about extending visual 
                  foxpro, the much anticipated follow-up book to 
                  kilofox.this is not a second edition of kilofox with one more tip, this is a completely new book based 
                  on the integration of vfp applications with other 
                  technologies.
      answers the “how do i….” questions every programmer has about using visual 
      foxpro with other programs, tools and applications. contains hundreds of 
      specific “how to” descriptions, each containing numerous tips and tricks.
      
with its native data engine, rich 
      object oriented language, and capabilities to produce com servers and 
      consume web services, visual foxpro is the single most flexible 
      programming tool available to a software developer. but nothing stands 
      alone anymore. this book will show you how to extend the scope and power 
      of visual foxpro as a development tool by integrating it with other 
      software and technologies. 
the 
      widely-anticipated sequel to 1001 things you wanted to know about vfp (“kilofox”), 
      megafox both extends coverage of topics in that book such as data driving 
      and reporting and introduces brand new topics such as email, intellisense, 
      charts and graphs, pdf technology, sql server, com/dcom, xml/ado, and 
      designing for extensibility. 








hentzenwerke publishing has printed copies (as well as downloadable e-books in
                  pdf format)  of   1001 things you wanted to know about visual
            foxpro! the nickname for this book is "kilofox".
            special thanks to steven black for the nickname.
            voted "best visual foxpro book", part of 
            universal thread visual foxpro members choice awards 2001.
1001 things provides the granular “how-to” techniques of every area of 
          traditional visual foxpro application development. it's the perfect 
          intermediary between hackers guide and effective techniques. the 
          hacker’s guide to visual foxpro is the exhaustive command and function 
          reference to the visual foxpro language. effective techniques for 
          application development with visual foxpro shows you big picture and 
          in-depth strategies for building apps. in between these two classics 
          comes 1001 things you wanted to know about visual foxpro. contains 
          over 500 pages of “tips, tricks and traps.”  






the local weather:

  
    






in
    the news:
(27-july-2005)

mike and toni feltman of f1 technologies are putting on another 
	visual foxexpress conference in september this year and they have invited 
	rick to present three sessions.

		(11-july-2005)

rainer becker has announced his selection of 
		speakers for the 12th vfp devcon germany 2005 held november 10-12, 2005. 
		rick schummer will be presenting for the first time at this conference 
		and for the first time outside of the usa. sessions selection will be 
		announced later. other english speakers announced include marcia akins, 
		craig bernston, steven black, doug hennig, dan jurden, andy kramek, ken 
		levy, colin and lisa slater nicholls, drew speedie, and rick strahl.

		all the details can be found on the
		german devcon web 
		site. there will be 37 sessions on visual foxpro 9.0, eight more in the 
		vfp 9 workshop track, 11 on sql server 2005, six more on .net, and six 
		more general topics. 
(1-apr-2005)

bob kocher has announced the first wave of speakers 
		and topics for the southwest fox conference held october 13-16, 2005 at 
		arizona state university in tempe, arizona. rick schummer will be 
		presenting "using and extending vfp's data explorer" and "integrating 
		adobe acrobat with visual foxpro". other speakers announced at this time 
		include marcia akins, rick borup, doug hennig, andy kramek, cathy 
		pountney, drew speedie, and rick strahl.

		all the details can be found on the updated
		southwest fox web site.
(31-mar-2005)



	"deployment fox 2005 world tour"
	new stops scheduled in chicago, kansas city, atlanta, california, and tempe.
	
(17-mar-2005)

white light computing will have a booth at the 
		second annual southwest 
		fox conference in tempe arizona october 13th through the 16th, 2005! 
		come check out our newest offerings. check out the new web site (www.swfox.net) 
		for the details on this excellent fall conference for visual foxpro 
		developers. 
(28-nov-2004)

new release of the project lister to fix a bug, add some minor 
      enhancements, and test with new vfp 9.0 report designer.
(22-nov-2004)

rick schummer to visit the southern california fox user groups in 
      september 2005. guess we will call this the "deployment fox tour 2005" 
      kickoff.
(01-oct-2004)

rick schummer was awarded a microsoft most valuable professional (mvp) award 
      for the fourth consecutive year. according to microsoft, mvps "share the basic 
      characteristics of possessing very strong technical skills in one or more 
      microsoft products or technology areas, and the willingness to share that 
      knowledge with others".
(24-aug-2004)

rick schummer is collaborating with tamar granor, doug hennig, toni 
      feltman and jim slater on
      
      what's new in nine: visual foxpro's latest hits from hentzenwerke 
      publishing. this will be rick's fourth book and is expected to be 
      available when visual foxpro 9 is released. for more details see the books 
      menu option.
(10-may-2004)


deploying 
      visual foxpro solutions (deployfox) from hentzenwerke publishing is 
      off to the printer and should be available around the beginning of june!
(1-may-2004)

rick starts working full-time at his new company,
white light computing.

		(2-mar-2004)

rick selected as a speaker for the
      devessentials conference to be 
		held june 4-7, 2004 in kansas city, missouri. rick will be presenting 
		"debugging essentials" and "get more productive with visual foxpro".
(27-feb-2004)

rick selected as a speaker for the inaugural 
      southwest fox conference. conference is october 
      22-24, 2004. sessions include "get more productive with visual foxpro" and "creating and using real world builders - made easy"

      (22-feb-2004)
free developer tool updated: see the minor fix made to ras 
      printmnx on the vfp 
  meta source code printing tools page.

      (27-jan-2004)
free developer tools in process of being updated/upgraded:
      dbcx compare and the
      dbc showplan analyzer.

















    please send me a message with any comments and/or ideas on how to improve the site and
    other information i can leave here on the web.   please remember, it
    should have
    some purpose!



isp services provided by godaddy software
web forwarding by namesdirect.com
 




this site is designed to be viewed in 800x600 video resolution 
or higher, but it should work fairly well at any resolution and with any of the 
major browsers (all free!). optimized for ms internet explorer, firefox, and 
opera (mostly works with mozilla and netscape navigator).
copyrighted 1998-2006 richard a. schummer
all rights reserved worldwide
this page was last updated on
09-sep-2006 

