charnel house           homeaboutbookstestimonialsa small press journalnewscontact    0            featured editions designed and produced by charnel house ltd.   numbered edition | lettered edition   dinner at deviant's palace t-shirt click to purchase    uncle samuel had agreed, after years of turning down such requests, to let some spiritualist
open the vacuus cubicularius at the core of the old house. lucy had overheard her uncle and
mother arguing about the wisdom of the plan -- her mother protesting that countless generations
of owners had forbidden any entry into that chamber, and uncle samuel overriding her
objections with condescending skepticism and reminders of a promised ten thousand pounds. lucy had sometimes, late at night, padded with a candle all the way down the oldest
hallway and touched the corroded iron door in the ancient masonry. the story as she had
gathered it was that the chamber had been built nearly a million years ago by neanderthals or
ancient britons, and had originally borne an inscription in some primordial script stating that no
human had ever set foot on the ground enclosed in it. it had stood as an isolated stone building
in a field for centuries, preserved by a succession of secretive owners; eventually london had
engulfed it, and house after long-standing house had been built over it. its present iron door had
supposedly been bolted onto the stone in the 12th century, right on top of a previous very old
wooden one, which in turn would have been only the latest in a series of them. in her midnight visits lucy had even pressed her ear against the ancient iron surface,
but had heard only her own pulse rung back at her. once, she had worked up the nerve to
knock on it, but her little knuckles produced no sound at all. the only time she had seemed to
get a response was so long ago that she wasn’t sure she hadn’t dreamed it -- after pressing her
palm against the door, the cold corroded iron had shivered in a faint but rapid rhythm, as if with
the rushing footsteps of a giant still very far away. she had scampered back to her bed, and
only in the morning assured herself that it must have been the reverberations of a heavy wagon
making its way along the street.   26 lettered copies
bound in full  oxblood morocco leather click here to purchase!250 numbered copies
bound in full corvon® rust*  click here to purchase!*this material imitates oxidized metal in all facetsincorporating elements of the story into the design and production of our books has made for some interesting and collectible editions. we have bound uncut sheets of dollar bills, poker chips, bullets, canceled checks, original art, tarot cards, lizard skin, lace stockings, and garter clips into books.  we import the finest materials from all over the globe from fine japanese fabrics to moroccan leather. master printers and bookbinders are utilized to achieve our vision for each edition. featured editions designed and produced by charnel house ltd. charnel house ltd.join our mailing list for alerts on new releases. stay in touch with ussign up for announcements about our new books and publications, special offers, and invitations to our events.       δconnect with us search a title  termsprivacy policycontactabout uscharnel house was founded in 1989 with the commitment to produce state of the art limited edition books. i believe that book craftsmanship is an art form and the limited edition is a work of art, a luxurious read and a tactile experience, as well as being a highly collectible piece of art. the finest materials are imported from all over the globe from fine japanese silks to the finest quality moroccan leather and handcrafted in to charnel house limited editions. i hope you enjoy reading and collecting these deluxe editions that come out of catskill new york, and thank you for your interest in charnel house.joe stefko, publisherauthorsdean koontztim powersharlan ellisonray gartonkeith reid  © 2025 charnel house.  site by apogee            
