



  



 catering & banquet hall: dearborn | park place caterer's
























skip to main content










phone
location_on








homebanquet rentalsweddingsspecial events celebrations corporate on site cateringoff site cateringour story reviews menuscontact 










call greg today to schedule your event!
 (313) 274-4499






					serving the community for over 50 years!				











					serving the community for over 50 years!				












						50 years of helping
you celebrate all of
life’s special moments   

						park place is a full service caterer with 
an impressive banquet hall, ready to help 
you plan and host the perfect event, at 
our place or yours.					












the trusted and preferred caterer for:       






  what’s the occasion? whether you’re planning an amazing wedding, a family celebration, or an annual corporate event, park place caterers has you covered.   you bring the guests, we’ve got the rest. 
 







weddings













special occasions













corporate events













on site catering













off site catering













banquet hall






  celebrating 50 years of catering life’s special moments in dearborn and throughout southeast michigan   weddings anniversaries birthdays showers graduations memorials retirement fundraisers award ceremonies and more!   




 see what our guests are saying! 
 we have over 100 reviews from happy customers! 






  “25% more people showed
up to the funeral brunch than 
we had anticipated!!!”  
 within minutes the staff at park 
place rolled out three more tables and 
set them with table cloths, silverware, 
etc…we loved the food as much as 
the service! it made a very difficult 
day easier to bear. 
 - sra. h. 





  “came here for my father's 60th 
surprise birthday event and the 
staff was amazing!”  
 i came earlier friday afternoon to set up and 
was offered multiple times by the gentlemen 
at the door to help unload the decorations 
from my car…i have rarely come across such 
stellar customer service and when i receive it, 
i must share. thanks park place for the great 
party, we'll definitely be back! 
 - adrielle h. 





  “it was a pleasure to 
work with park
place catering!”  
 gary is such a great guy to work with! 
they catered food for my wedding at 
stone creek banquet hall. the guests 
raved about how delicious the food 
was! everything was amazing! thanks 
gary for everything! 
 - carolyn k. 





					read more fantastic reviews				




   our catering menus are designed to please every palate, every diet, and everybody! we have every menu option you can think of, and probably some you haven’t considered. our experienced event planner will work with you, listen to your vision, make suggestions, and design a special day just for you. it may be your wedding, your sister’s baby shower, or a dear grandparent’s memorial celebration. we have over 50 years of helping our customers celebrate life’s precious moments, whether here in our beautiful banquet center or at your own home. we have a menu for your vegan niece, low cholesterol choices for your uncle, dairy-free for one cousin, and gluten-free for the other. we’ve got everyone covered! no one will go hungry, and everyone’s needs will be met. our reputation for flexibility and catering to diet restrictions includes halal menus, traditional menus, and more. we will please every palate on your guest list! when it comes to a great event with incredible food, we are passionate providers of exceptional experiences. so whether you’re hosting a small gathering, a large wedding, a backyard party, an office luncheon, a mexican fiesta or an outrageous oktoberfest, park place caterers has everything you need to make your special moments spectacular!    our catering menus are available for any occasion!  continental breakfast hors d’oeurves lunch meat and cheese trays breakfast dinner, sit-down sandwich trays brunch- ala carte dinner, buffet dessert trays luncheons picnic hot specialty bars box lunches family style dessert bars barbeque strolling stations corporate lunch  see on site catering menu see off site catering menu  





						imagine your event at park place!					



















































































						making your day beautiful is what we do, and we love to do it. 
you see it in the details, the special touches, and our dedicated staff.					








let’s get your event date on the calendar.  whatever you are celebrating, we want to make sure you get the date you want. sometimes it is necessary to schedule around family members who will have to travel, and sometimes you can be flexible. our banquet facility books fast, so as soon as you have a date in mind, let us be the second to know. we are known for many things, and flexibility is one of them. events do not fit into a cookie cutter template and we don’t expect yours will either. let us know how we can help you plan and we will surpass your expectations. don’t wait, call to lock in your date! call (313) 274-4499 



 let's start planning! send us some info, and we will get right back to you. 


        * indicates required questions    


                      name *                  



first name




                          	first                          



last name




                          	last                          





                                    email *                                

email






                                    phone # *                                

mobile phone





type of event *
type of event * 

please select
weddinganniversarybirthdaygraduationmemorialfundraisercorporateshoweroff-site 




will your event be held at our facility? *
will your event be held at our facility? * 

please select
yesno 




date, 1st choice *
date, 1st choice * 





date, 2nd choice
date, 2nd choice 





is date flexible?  y / n *
is date flexible?  y / n * 





approx. # guests *
approx. # guests * 





additional comments:
additional comments: 





enter:




 










asset 2
 



homeweddingsspecial events on site cateringoff site cateringour story contact 


			the contents of this webpage are copyright © 2025 park place caterers. all rights reserved.
		








seo web design - 
manage - 
privacy











