





  





























home - brain-trainer.com



































































































 


















 







































menu
skip to content
 learning
  


introduction to brain-training
  

foundations of brain-training
  

certification in brain-training
  

blog
  

answers to your questions
  

research articles
  



doing
  


state changer heg
  

online client report
  

the trainers’ qeeg (tq8) with autoplan
  

brain-trainer 2 (bt2) training software
  

packages
  



buying
  


whole-brain training package
  

state changer heg: the game your brain plays
  

products
  



resources
  


request a consult
  

worldwide trainers map
  

find a supervisor
  

tech support
  

create a support ticket
  



  
  

  
  

english
  


 

 
 
 




home 

the promise of whole brain training 



news 


whole-brain training package
buy now


why train your brain
learn more






to change your tomorrows, train your brain today 

if you want to change the future course of your life, you have to change the habits of how you think, feel, act and perform today. those automatic responses are programmed into your energy brain’s electrical patterns. how do you change your energy brain? same way to change any other part of your body: you train it.
to change your tomorrows, train your brain today. tens of thousands of people around the world have done it over nearly 50 years. if you’re willing to invest 3-5 hours a week for 3-5 months, brain-trainer’s whole-brain training neurofeedback program can help you change your “today” brain to take you to a new tomorrow.
change your tomorrows
shop now




the promise of whole-brain-training neurofeedback 

you know you can change your body with a program of aerobics, pilates and weights.
whole-brain training neurofeedback does the same thing for your brain. brain exercises guide your brain to change its own energy habit. it creates new brain habits that are as automatic and lasting as the old ones were, leading to a new tomorrow.
it’s natural, non-invasive and completely private. 
you can do it with a professional trainer—or you can do it yourself. 
couples can train, individuals can train. families can train. work groups or teams can train.
what would you like to change?
train your brain




what can i change by training my brain? 

by changing the energy habits in your brain, you can:
think or learn faster, focus or remember longer, communicate clearly
feel safer and less stressed, more energetic and positive, under control
sleep easily, deeply and wake up feeling restored
deal with brain issues like autism, stroke, aging, head injuries
remove pain, fear and racing thoughts that limit you.
perform at your peak over sustained periods
your personalized whole-brain training plan defines exactly what and where to train to guide your brain for the new future you want. brain-trainer’s proprietary software makes training easy and engaging and helps you track the changes.
best of all, you change your own brain without drugs.




how do you train your brain with neurofeedback? 

using brain-trainer’s integrated hardware and software system, record your brain’s electrical signals at 20 different sites on the head. work with a professional trainer. or do it at home, guided by your own online mentor.
you’ll receive a map of how your brain’s energy patterns relate to the habits you want to change. better yet, you’ll get a personalized plan that tells you exactly what and where to train in each of 5 sessions.
cycle through the plan, training 2 or more times for 40-60-minutes each week. as changes last longer between sessions, you train less frequently until your new habits are as automatic and stable as the ones you wanted to change.
learn more about whole-brain training
shop now


 

 




resources
faqsvideos: what is neurofeedback?videos: what can i change?blog
free classes
intro to brain-trainingfree video & webinar library brain-trainer for bioerasetting up your systemconnect with us
youtubeus channelbrazilian channel
groups iobrain-trainer internationalbtibrasil
facebookbrain-trainer internationalneurofeedback brasil brain-trainer
contact
+1 (833) 224-5895info@brain-trainer.com
need help? email us
get started/learn more
payments & billing
issues with your order
product supportnewsletter






 














search the library
find the answers you're looking for.
searchsearch 





 

© 2025 brain-trainer.com |  
 	website by dabbledstudios	|  
privacy policy |  
terms & conditions  |  
affiliate program |  
 log in


 
 





0







0

your cart




your cart is emptyreturn to shop





continue shopping















	calculate shipping






	apply coupon

unavailable coupons

2024latamship
get $95.00 off



freeshp2024
get $0.00 off



superbti
get 20% off
20% off brain-trainer international products for supervisors





 





 
 



























































































