

















				midnight 
	ministries



home    
	|    

midnight cry: a message to all churches    
	|    

the imminent fall of america

dead boy resurrected at midnight    
	|    

the danger of false ministers

warnings about specific church groups / leaders    
	|    

information for the wcg


publications of midnight ministries







 










 let my people go!
 a warning to all opponents of mm


 a prophetic witness to tbn uk (download pdf) or (view in browser)
tbn uk is not a move of god as claimed!



emily raised from the dead
demonic warfare

2015
back from the dead!
they died.
		        one was dead for a week and was buried.
		        but the grave opened up and he came alive!



miracles
opponents are being struck dead!
mighty miracles of god (vol 1-4) 
a demonstration of the power of god in uganda 
meet me at midnight 
on 15th june 2002, a two-year old boy died. his parents
              brought the child to david isaac, an evangelist working with midnight
              ministries' outreach in nigeria. david prayed for his resurrection, and
              taught the truths of god to the child's parents for three days... and...
              boom!! god restored the boy's life!

the young boy was dead for three days!

further prayer and ministry followed, because the child
              still needed to receive complete healing. and, true to god's word, jesus
              completely restored the little boy to full health by the end of that week.
it is a miracle of restoration, which god deliberately
              took a week to fulfil. it parallels the restoration of a vital truth to the
              church at this time, that also requires a week to fulfil.
read the full account of this wonderful miracle.
also read:
 raised 
              from the dead at midnight, part 3
raised from the dead, 4
 waking the dead
back from the 
                dead!




dreams from god
		        to an ethiopian prophet

about 
		        world events to affect christians; 
		        revelations from god for your spiritual enlightenment; 
		        and things that must shortly come to pass.

midnight ministries' 

 
dream 
		          diary
when a prophet of the lord is among you,
		      i reveal 
		      myself to him in visions, 
		      i speak
		      to him in dreams  (numbers 12:6, niv).
		      he who has an ear, let him hear what the
		      spirit 
		      is saying to the 
		      churches (rev 2:7).





should we have churches? 


prophecies 
			concerning britain


islam the koran and god: some observations

			  islam asserts itself as the true religion 
			    which all mankind should accept. muslims 
			    claim that the koran is a holy book, containing the perfect words of 
			    god, and that it was dictated to the prophet 
			    mohammed by the angel gabriel. yet, god spoke 
			    to mankind long before mohammed, and he has more to say today!
			      a copy of this booklet may 
			      be obtained for a suggested donation of £1 from midnight ministries.

why 
			britain 
			will fall 
			soon!


			the prophecies 
of hosea concerning 
			britain






more than a prophet
			         


revelations from god about the
judgement of britain






the
      danger of false ministers
jesus told
    his first disciples, "go your way; behold, i send you out as lambs
    among wolves" (luke 10:3, nkjv).
and within the
    expanding church, paul had to warn about false ministers arising with
    selfish motives (acts 20:29, 30), more concerned with their influence among
    people than serving the flock of god from a pure heart.
certainly there
    are many wolves in the church! they appear good to others, but their virtues
    are a sham (2 cor. 11:13-15). underneath their laudable-appearing exterior
    lurks a hidden agenda based on self-seeking and pride.

	read more.
god is not pleased with tele-evangelism!
god tv a prophetic message
dream: evil motives in god tv
god tv is not god's tv
judgement to fall 
	    on all falsity and false ministers!
jacob prasch

david hathaway - man of god? or tearaway?
'god digital' and the false 
	      revival

the deceit and cunning of don stewart
combating the strongholds of satan!
light versus 
	        darkness
the subtlety of pride

the perennial problem of 
	    false believers
	  wake up wcg




quick links to short articles


			[your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames. click on other articles link above to access content.]
			







why the church of england is a false church






dreams from god about morris cerullo

morris cerullo’s mission to london


cfan is not in 
			god's will
reinhard 
  bonnke, evangelism 
              & god's will

reinhard’s millions!

 reinhard bonnke for $450 a day 
cfan christ for 
  all nations reinhard's new booklet
cfan 
			christ for all nations reinhard bonnke and... antichrist
cfan christ for all 
			nations reinhard bonnke and the numeric signs
cfan 
			christ for all nations reinhard's impartation meetings


masquerade in ministry
 if god were interested in 
              numbers, he’s doing a lousy job of saving the world! most of the world is 
              steeped in superstition, deception and false religion of all shades. and for 
              those who think that christians are excepted, that very supposition is 
              evidence of their own blindness of which jesus warned (matt 24:4,5).





the 
			    midnight cry:
			    a message to all churches
 it is prophesied in matthew 25:6 that a midnight cry is to go out 
  shortly before the return of the saviour to take his bride. why? jesus 
  gives the frightening reason: all the church is asleep!! (matt 25:5.)
 the cry is a prophetic call to the church to awake [a metaphor for 
			    coming out of deception], to prepare and accept all that jesus offers 
			    her. she must not refuse any aspect of truth and practice he wants to 
			    impart. but, strangely, many believers do reject certain aspects! they 
			    don't want all he is imparting! because the church is resistant to what 
			    he wants her to accept, he cannot give this to her via the regular 
			    channels. he sends a prophet
 the midnight cry is a prophetic call to awake from deception and to put 
			    on all the wedding garments.





midnight in america

http://www.midnightinamerica.net
russian translations of mm 
			literature are available at:
http://www.midnightinamerica.net/rus/index.htm





disclaimer: 
	'midnight ministries' in america
	(www.midnightministries.com)
there is 
	another ministry by the name midnight ministries, which is based in reno, 
	nevada, usa. it is operated by robert harris. it is not associated in any 
	way with this midnight ministries in the uk.
please note 
	also that midnight ministries in the uk does not subscribe to various 
	doctrinal expositions that robert harris expresses on his web site. he is 
	also very antagonistic towards some major doctrinal positions which we 
	express here on our web site.
just as in 
	nature there are positive and negative forces; in essence, you could 
	accurately say we are poles apart!




if you would like to support
			midnight ministries...

	if you would like to make a donation to midnight ministries, please write to 
	the address at the bottom of the page and make cheques payable to 'midnight 
	ministries'.

		if you prefer to send a donation directly into midnight ministries' bank 
		account the details are below. thank you.


	bank: 
	lloyds bank, market square,
	aylesbury, hp20 1td, uk
    sort code: 30 90 38    account number: 01552263
bic: loydgb21089   
	iban: gb34 loyd 3090 3801 5522 63







a note
    about copyright

articles on this website are 
	copyright of midnight ministries. however, you are welcome to copy and distribute them on the following conditions:
1) that they are
    not altered or plagiarised.
	2) that you
    supply the name of the author, and the ministry address.
	3) that they are
    not reproduced for profit.
	4) if you translate them please advise 
	us so that they can be made available to others.












copyright: midnight ministries, po 
box 29, aylesbury, hp17 8tl, uk
www.midnightministries.org.uk



