

thomas schwenke inc. - american federal furniture




















american federal furniture  

















recent acquisitionsamerican federal galleryfederal case furniturefederal clocksfederal desksfederal dining chairsfederal dining tablesfederal mirrorsfederal seating - upholsteredfederal sideboardsfederal tablesfederal bedsmiscellaneous federalamerican 18th centurydining room gallerysideboardsdining chairsdining tablescustom dining tablesdesigner gallerycase furnituredesks & writing tablesupholstered furnituretablesmirrorsmiscellaneoussold items archives

















 




















recent acquisitions




click to see all recent acquisitions.




 


featured item




hepplewhite inlaid parcel gilt mahogany mirror
								
								very rare hepplewhite inlaid and parcel gilt mahogany mirror, with arched swanneck top with gilded applied moldings with carved floral rosettes, centering an elaborate carved and gilded urn with spray, with cutout scrollwork
ears and gilt carved foliate and leaf side ornaments, with elaborate and unusual cutout base. connecticut or new york, circa 1795-1800.
57 1/2" high, 24" wide.


								
								click here for photos | click here for details














 


sign up to receive our newsletter.







								enter your email address























thomas schwenke is a recognized and respected antique furniture expert with experience spanning over 40 years. he is an acknowledged authority on american antique furniture, and the premier dealer expert in american federal furniture in particular. he has lectured extensively on american federal furniture, and is routinely consulted on questions of authenticity and value of american federal furniture because of his renowned knowledge.
			he has exhibited in many of the country's finest antique shows, including the winter antiques show, philadelphia antiques show, international antiques show, and many more. he is a member of many dealer associations, and has been vetting director of the ada and the antiques council, in which he maintains membership. institutions, private collectors, designers, decorators and architects are proud to be his clients.
			in 1988, mr. schwenke co-sponsored with georgetown university the acclaimed bicentennial exhibition of american federal furniture...a testament to his expertise. the exhibition was documented in a video available for purchase, and at that time mr. schwenke conceived and originated "american federal classics" ™ an exclusive handmade collection of federal replica furniture based on some of the finest originals.
			mr. schwenke's showrooms are a visual confirmation of his many years of experience and his well-honed taste and selectivity. the showrooms are set in period barns with nicely detailed exposed beams and many original details. the antique furniture pieces he offers are superior examples and each has some particularly noteworthy aspect which justifies mr. schwenke's "signature" presentation of their tangible value and aesthetic merit. a clear theme emerges from his presentation - quality, integrity, knowledge and experience. mr. schwenke is enthusiastic and passionate about his "signature" items. the showrooms are friendly and inviting, and mr. schwenke is always willing to share his experience and knowledge.






home   inventory   replicas   press   shows   
	links   about us   search   contact   terms and conditions
	all images and text © thomas schwenke, inc. 2001-2014.








 




