


home - scottish handfasting and wedding mc















home
handfasting
mc & storyteller
highland dress
gifts
booking &fees
payments
contact


☰












tha mi a'chuir fàilte oirbh! 
 i welcome you! my name is scot ansgeulaiche.  as a scottish tradition bearer i 
provide three wedding services:  handfasting weddings, master of ceremonies and 
traditional highland storytelling. i live in scotland so can bring living highland culture to your wedding, including jumping the besom (broom) and gàidhlig
(gaelic) poetry.  many of my couples come from canada and the usa, along with those england and
scotland. i have a surprising number of couples from germany.
much of my work is within scotland (i live in perthshire), 
but i also travel anywhere in britain and ireland.
of course, i can advise on highland dress. i have even delved into scottish wedding customs to create 
wedding 
favours and gifts with a nod to the tradition. 

short descriptions of what i offer to weddings:


handfastinghand fasting is a form of betrothal, marriage or vow-renewal ceremony 
during which the hands of the couple are tied.  it is a strong symbol of 
joining. i uniquely create and perform each ceremony around the couple. 
ceremonies can be created for civil parterships (lgbt welcome). i conduct up to 15-20 hand-fasting 
ceremonies a year, and no more.
more details on the hand-fasting page.


master of ceremonies
as fear an taigh (master of the house, host), 
i bring an organised flow to the reception for our guests, 
introduce the speeches and share scottish customs at the wedding breakfast.  
this again is done in the highland tradition.  more details on the master of ceremonies page.

wedding storytellertraditionally, the clan seanachaidh (historian / storyteller) would 
regale the company during the festivities with tales of weddings past, the 
families, their history and so on.  it still works today! more details in the 
storytelling section.
 


home
handfasting
mc & storyteller
highland dress
gifts
booking
payments
contact


site created 2006 by ansguelaiche.mackenzie.  last updated december 2016.  images and text copyrighted.






