






doggydays.com |















































home     meet the manager     call now: 224-814-4444






a





day care



grooming



boarding



training



pharmacy



contact  / directions



client login



new clients






 



































welcome to doggy days!











where every tail wag tells a story!

nestled in the heart of our community, we are not just a pet business; we are a fun & safe place for your dogs.  doggy days ® is:

a place like home for your dog ®

at doggy days, we understand that each dog has its unique personality and needs. that’s why we specialize in providing a range of services including boarding, day care, and grooming tailored to each individual pooch. whether your pet is the life of the party or prefers a more serene environment, our expert team is committed to ensuring they receive the best care in a setting they’ll love.
for the social butterflies, our interactive playgroups and activities offer endless fun and socialization. and for our more reserved friends, we offer peaceful spaces and personalized attention to make them feel safe and cherished.
at doggy days, every dog is part of our family, and we strive to make their time with us as enjoyable and comfortable as their time at home.

book now +




















over 100 google 5 star reviews
thank you for your support... and your trust!


















"best place in northern illinois for your dog"“best place in northern illinois to take your dog for day care. they can take care of your pooch if you need help.”
– leo mrozek








"best care for your pooch!"“best care for your pooch! spencer has been going there over a year and the staff is always friendly. greeted with smiles and go above and beyond to ensure your pet is safe.  look at that happy puppy”
– denise serrano








"doggy days has been our life savior"“doggy days has been our life savior this past year! the love they show our (deaf) puppy each day is so evident. everybody who works there is flexible, caring, and welcoming. we are so lucky to have found a place that we can trust our pup with!”
– sabrina fortunski













see what our clients say
and take a tour of our facility!


















































why dogs love our day care
& why  you will love doggy days ® day care too!













dog day care personal attention

dogs thrive on social interactions, and our doggy day care provides the perfect setting for them to forge new connections and engage with fellow canines.  it’s particularly beneficial for addressing shyness or behavioral issues stemming from limited social exposure.





better quality of life for your dog

dog day care serves as an energy outlet for your furry friend. whether playing fetch, enjoying a swim, or taking a well-deserved nap, your dog returns home content and physically spent.  many of our dogs even enjoy a sound slumber after their active dog day care sessions!









safe & clean doggy day care environment

our dog day care in round lake beach, il features roomy, climate-controlled play areas with compressed rubberized flooring for your dog’s joint health.  our in-house cleaning products prioritize your dog’s safety. being owned and supervised by pharmacists gives you extra peace of mind that we adhere to the highest level superior cleanliness, safety, and world-class pet care standards.





a team you can trust

our doggy day playrooms are under continuous 100% supervision during dog day care while our highly-trained canine coaches bring extensive experience with all dog types.  additionally, a support-office team of a pharmacist, veterinarian, and dog trainer specialists collaborate proactively for your dog’s health and safety.









family owned. pharmacist owned

welcome to one of lake county, il’s most unique dog day care centers.  doggy days is not a franchise or chain.  we are family-owned and supervised by multi-dog owner, pharmacist and pharmacy owner of prohealth drugs in lindenhurst, il.





peace of mind for you

we understand the heartache of separation from your furry companion. our experienced and loving dog day care center staff members are committed to showering your pup with attention and care.  we enjoy staying connected with updates and photos for your peace of mind.









safe & clean doggy day care environment

our dog day care in round lake beach, il features roomy, climate-controlled play areas with compressed rubberized flooring for your dog’s joint health.  our in-house cleaning products prioritize your dog’s safety. being owned and supervised by pharmacists gives you extra peace of mind that we adhere to the highest level superior cleanliness, safety, and world-class pet care standards.





ease your dog’s separation anxiety

recognizing signs of anxiety in your dog, especially during brief departures, is common for pet parents.  our dog day care center staff, structure and environment becomes a valuable experience, offering your dog a multitude of activities to engage in, redirecting their focus and minimizing separation-related stress.









crate-free comfort.  the only choice.

for dog parents away throughout the day, avoiding crating your dog is crucial.  our dog day care provides a safe and enjoyable alternative, ensuring your pup spends the day productively and avoids pent-up energy or destructive behaviors associated with prolonged confinement.





enhanced canine conduct at home

increased exposure to people and other dogs in a day care environment contributes to better social skills for your dog.  our dog day care facilitates positive interactions, aiding your dog in learning proper behavior around other dogs and humans.









your dog will love making new friends

dogs thrive on social interactions, and our doggy days ® round lake beach, il dog day care provides the perfect setting for them to forge new connections and engage with fellow canines. it’s particularly beneficial for addressing shyness or behavioral issues stemming from limited social exposure.





a great energy release for your dog

our doggy daycare in round lake beach, il serves as an energy outlet for your furry friend.  whether playing fetch, enjoying the splash pool, or taking a well-deserved nap, your dog returns home content and physically spent.  many pups at doggy days ® even enjoy a sound slumber after their active dog day care sessions!








dogs love crate free boarding
a crate free dog day care in round lake beach, il

















our doggy daycare in round lake beach, il serves as an energy outlet for your furry friend.  whether playing fetch, enjoying the splash pool, or taking a well-deserved nap, your dog returns home content and physically spent.  many pups at doggy days ® even enjoy a sound slumber after their active dog day care sessions!








meet stephanie sisson
general manager at doggy days®















hello, my name is stephanie sisson. i grew up in st. louis, missouri, where i attended many years of akc dog shows and competitions.  my parents and grandparents were professional ring judges, dog trainers, and handlers.  at age 10, i became a junior showmanship handler of our champion doberman pincher jester.
i live in grayslake and have for the past 25 years with my husband, matt, and two college-age kids, jack and sarah, who have worked with me at doggy days.  we live with our four dogs, three of which were rescues.  we have a doberman/ boxer mix named duke, a rottweiler koda, an english mastiff named luna, and a small terrier mix named rocky.  in my free time, i enjoy being with my family outside, preferably by a lake with our dogs.
i have been the manager of doggy days since we opened in december 2021.  we are a team of dedicated and passionate dog lovers who work hard every day to run a clean and safe environment.  we love hearing from our excited dogs about coming to doggy days school.  with the nice weather comes fun with the pools we set up for the dogs.  we strive to maintain honest and open communication with our dog’s parents.  we want them to know that we treat their dogs like family.
sincerely, 
stephanie sisson – general mgr.doggy days®








endless love, trusted support
well being • fun • exercise • structure • education







































if you’re looking for a fun and loving environment for your pet while you’re at work or away for the day, our doggy day care is just what you and your dog need.  at doggy days ®, your dog will enjoy an action-packed day filled with personal attention, play, exercise and rest in our safe and affordable doggy day care facility in round lake beach, il .

doggy day care +





experience the joy of returning home to a happy, fresh, pampered pup!  we offer dog grooming & dog spa services in round lake beach, il, with all the luxuries you would expect of a human spa.  whether your furry friend needs a post-play clean-up or extra tender loving care, we guarantee your pet will look fabulous and feel great, too!

dog grooming & spa +







doggy days ® in round lake beach, il is the perfect choice when seeking a secure and enjoyable spot to entrust your dog, whether for an overnight or extended dog day care stay. our team of devoted pet lovers ensures your tail-wagger receives the kindness & attention they deserve.

dog boarding +





elevate your dog’s stay with us by enrolling them in our doggy days ® training program in round lake beach, il.   dog training sessions with our dog training professionals are planned out by consultation with our clients and designed to fit your specific needs and expectations.

dog training +









 











limited time offer - 1 free day!
new clients enjoy  one free day of dog day care















take the doggy days ® tour

doggy days ® is lake county’s premier doggy day care center where dogs can play, socialize, have fun, excercise and learn!  we offer extensive services, including doggy day care, grooming, boarding, training and more.  are you looking for a doggy day care near me?  look no further and experience doggy days ®:

claim your free day of dog day care

whether you are looking for the best dog day care, pet hotel, pet sitter, pet resort or kennel, doggy days ® of round lake beach is the perfect place for your dog.  we welcome you to our home and warmly invite you to take a tour of our dog day care center.   enjoy our limited time offer where all new clients enjoy one complimentary day of doggy day care!  your pup will love the fun, and you’ll love the free!  have a look around and don’t hesitate to give us a call or e-mail if you have any questions.  we look forward to hearing from you!

enjoy a tour & 1 free day of day care +











menu

home pagedoggy day caredog groomingdog boardingdog trainingpet pharmacy





about

our facilityprivacy policyterms and conditions contactnew client registrationclient login

 




get in touch

715 w. rollins roadround lake beach, illinois60073
mon – fri: 6:00am – 7:00pmsaturday: 8:00am – 5:00pmsunday: 5:00pm – 7:00pm
email us here

224-814-4444

followfollow








© copyright doggy days day care round lake beach, il 2023.




 



























