







texas sculpture garden







































































































              about
            

            art
          

            audio tour
          

            visit
          

            contact
          





















































aboutartaudio tourvisitcontact


















scroll






 

celebrating 20 years of sculpture



hall park is proud to commemorate its 20th anniversary of the texas sculpture garden. recognized as the largest private collection of contemporary sculpture ever assembled and made available to the public, the texas sculpture garden was created to benefit the texas community by honoring the talent of homegrown artists and making their art accessible to everyone.“it’s exciting to be celebrating the 20th anniversary of the texas sculpture garden and the impact it’s had on hall park and the frisco community,” said craig hall, founder and chairman of hall group. “some of my favorite memories over the years have been seeing families take memorable wedding or graduation photos with the collection, and we look forward to continuing to make art accessible for everyone in our future development phases.”



 

 






 









   

a work of artlocated within hall park, hall group’s signature, 162-acre development in frisco, the texas sculpture garden is a unique and significant collection comprised of more than 40 works of contemporary sculpture. open to the public year-round, the collection celebrates the work of several prominent texas artists throughout four sprawling acres.recognized as the largest private collection of contemporary texas sculpture ever assembled and made available to the public, the texas sculpture garden was created to benefit the texas community by honoring the talent of homegrown artists and making their work accessible to everyone.

   




  







   

about the texas sculpture gardenas a lifelong art collector, aesthetics and design play important roles in craig hall’s personal and professional life. so much so that a focus on art became the conceptual force that drove the design and master plan for the hall park development in frisco. it was with this passion that hall dedicated the front four acres at the park’s entrance to showcase a significant collection of contemporary sculpture produced by artists living and working in texas.in order to ensure appropriate surroundings for these important works of art, specialty contractors and craftsmen were retained to design unique spaces and pedestals on which to prominently display each piece. to enhance the experience, careful attention was placed on creating a beautiful surrounding environment, including lakes, fountains, lush landscaping, monuments and seating areas.hall’s vision for the texas sculpture garden is a continuation of his commitment to making art accessible to everyone, encouraging art education and facilitating connections between artists and the community. working closely with curator patricia meadows, hall carefully and personally selected numerous works now featured in this new and unique setting. representative of the excellence and diversity of both materials and styles from around the state, the works within the texas sculpture garden were produced by artists living in large cities such as houston, dallas, san antonio and austin, and small rural towns such as sanger, bolivar and ovilla.visitors to the park enjoy both the art and its remarkable setting. winding walking trails, lush landscaping, lakes and fountains have been specially designed to complement the art and provide a fitting backdrop for the work.art featured in the texas sculpture garden can also be explored and enjoyed here. designed to educate, inspire and even facilitate connections with the artists themselves, this comprehensive website takes the experience of the texas sculpture garden to a whole new level.exterior collection open daily dawn to dusk; interior art open weekdays 9:00am to 5:00pm.

   






art + artists




    texas sculpture garden collection
  











20th anniversary



landing



statement



about



location



client login








 

powered by squarespace














