

custom flash memory cards customusb

















































sales@customusb.com(800) 447-0149productsusb flash drivespoweraudiodrinkwareaccessories100% custom designedswag boxescorporate giftsabout us100% custom designedswag boxescorporate giftsabout ushelp ukraine. help the world!custom flash memory cardscustomusb is an expert in the nand flash memory industry. we provide bulk memory cards and flash memory solutions across all industries including healthcare, aerospace, automotive, a/v, and retail. our industrial memory cards (microsd, sd, and cf) and usb drives are used in thousands of devices for mission critical and non-critical applications.trusted by top brandsnot sure what you need?our experts can help you find the right product for your business needs. get in touch with us today!contact usreviewscustomers love us!2/10/2025thomas martin2/3/2025hector parra2/3/2025tamara mccluretrusted by the best!overviewcustomize your own sd (secure digital), cf (compact flash), and microsd flash memory cards for commercial, industrial, or promotional use.





parasailing


healthcare


aerospace


automotive


industrial


audio/video


retail













the ideal gopro solution, supports hd and 4k video playback and recording.




parasailing
for the adventure enthusiast in mind, custom printed sd and micro sd cards give your clients a reason to come back! help capture a memorable experience and increase repeat business at the same time. as a parasailing owner/operator, value added services are a great way to increase revenue and offer the client something special they can value for years to come. we have worked with companies like ranalli parasail, ike?s beach service, and ocean city parasail in providing their custom branded and preloaded sd and microsd card solutions.

fully branded sd/micro sd cards, adaptors, and cases
the ideal gopro solution, supports hd and 4k video playback and recording
pre-load with valuable coupons and imagery of the parasailing experience
fast transfer speeds, less wait time for your clients
quality assured with lifetime warranty












devilbiss healthcare have used customusb for over 8 years with their aerosol therapy and air purifier devices.




healthcare
whether you make small portable devices such as heart rate monitors or large devices like dialysis machines or breathing apparatus, customusb can help. we understand how crucial data integrity is to your product. a fault simply isn?t an option. we?ve worked with companies like philips respironics, universal medical, and devilbiss healthcare to make sure their devices functioned properly and their supply chain was uninterrupted, for long term projects as well as on demand delivery of memory components.

pre-production testing
strict adherence to performance specs
only the most reliable components
on demand delivery
predictive sourcing to ensure supply chain continuity












whether you need embedded memory, industrial grade ssd?s, industrial grade cf or sd cards, customusb can help.




aerospace
aerospace has unique challenges. shock, vibration, and temperature ranges for commercial memory simply do not measure up to the conditions 10,000 feet above ground. customusb can help. industrial grade memory is difficult to source, but with our strategic partnerships we will find the memory component your project needs. we have over a decade of experience supplying companies like northrop grumman and military organizations like spawar to meet their industrial memory needs.

industrial grade memory
higher/lower temperature ranges
higher shock and vibration tolerance
longer read/write cycles with slc memory












custom memory branding makes your product and your memory a seamless presentation.




automotive
cars and gps units need memory cards. whether your device needs microsd, sd, or cf cards customusb can help. our sourcing allows us to get you the best memory components, and our custom labeling and branding solutions allow your memory branding to match your device. we?ve worked with companies like nascar and yamaha providing memory for in-dash camera recording, as well as companies like tirmble navigation for their gps and mapping needs.

customiszed memory branding
sd, microsd, and cf card sourcing
pre-production testing and evaluation
quality assurance testing and a 3 year warranty on all parts












we will find the right memory component to fit your needs and if it doesn?t exist, we?ll help you build one to your specifications.




industrial
whether you need a memory card for a factory level data logger or for a train rail switch system customusb can help. we?ve had 10 years of experience servicing companies like norfolk southern, 3m, panasonic, spillman technologies and others.

built to meet your needs
sd, microsd, and cf card sourcing
pre-production testing and evaluation
quality assurance testing and a 3 year warranty on all parts












need to record hd video for security cameras, or do action photography? performance matters and paying for retail solutions is expensive. we will make blazing fast cards tailor made for optimal performance in your device at wholesale prices.




audio / video
audio and video recording equipment has some of the most intensive data throughput requirements in the industry. we provide cost effective solutions to service everything from video cameras to audio recorders like we do for boss/roland or mandel communications. or maybe you need microsd cards for your fleet of gopro cameras? customusb has you covered.

high speed performance
supports hd and 4k video playback and recording
data duplication and pre-load servicess
unique part number serialization available for data distribution












we have experience servicing firmware updates and data display systems. we?ve worked with retail video display kiosks for sodastream and bona flooring, sears, maytag, pure fishing and others.




retail
memory is a key component of the retail market. we provide memory solutions for point of sale devices like our client micros and memory cards for retail display systems for rtc communications.

quality controlled sourcing for seamless integration with thousands of retail units
cost effective solutions for simple data logging devices or blazing fast performance for hd video display systems
data duplication and pre-load services
unique part number serialization






(800) 447-01491360 abbott ct.buffalo grove, il 60089sales@customusb.comusb flash drivesbrowse all modelsrush deliveryusb 3 / type-cexecutive pensbusiness cardsdirect mailmemory cardsno moq flash drivesall productspower bankswireless chargerscharging cablesaudiodrinkwarepackagingservices100% custom designedswag boxescorporate giftslicensed productsfulfillment logisticsusb drive trackingdata loading autorunsolutionsproduct replicasportableappsmusiceducationalmedicalpress kitphotographersgildedboxsupportabout usartwork guidelinesshipping informationterms and conditionswarrantyfaq©  2025 customusb.   all rights reserved. ipmedia holdings, inc.privacy policyall rights reservedsitemapback to top
