









excellent adventures - excellent adventures



















































call for reservation: 1-807-662-5292















home

testimonials


fishing outposts
hunting

moose hunting

rates – moose hunting
faq – moose hunting


bear hunting


air charter service
news
contact us





















 














excellent adventuresfishing outposts, big game hunting and ea air charter services
contact us








fly-in fishing in northwestern ontarioexperience the best that canada has to offer
fabulous fishing options








remote fly-in moose and bear huntingsuccessful hunts for more than 30 years!
big game hunt packages








ea air charter serviceground and float planes in our fleet move people and materials
get a quote










fly-in fishing, hunting, and ea air charter service







excellent adventures

for over 30 years, excellent adventures has been providing guests with the finest fly-in fishing and hunting trips in northwestern ontario. our season runs from may until the end of october but our offices are open year round so you can book your next adventures by phone or email, anytime.
we offer a variety of vacation package options to choose from. we boast multiple remote outposts. the remote outposts are great for moose and bear hunts, as well as fishing.
based in cochenour, ontario, our float-plane base is located 210 miles north of international falls, mn and 6 miles east of the community of red lake, ontario.
whether you are fishing, hunting, or enjoying the vast wilderness you can only find at a remote lake, your trip of a lifetime with excellent adventures is just a short flight away.














canadian fly-in fishing





hunting packages





ea air charter services



 










excellent adventures

mailing address
box 874red lake, onp0v2m0canada

physical address
61 mcmarmac rdcochenour, onp0v1l0canada





contact us



testimonials


“we had a great time. the fishing was amazing and the scenery was unbeatable. it was the best walleye fishing i’ve ever had. i highly recommend excellent adventures for both their fishing and accommodations.”
k.p. sedlacek, green bay, wisconsin



read more…







followfollowfollow



tariffs







copyright © 2025 excellent adventures | all rights reserved



 















