


































usef waiver box seat form entry form  check list prize list advertising form -coming soon sponsorship form




vendor contact
philip bisch - (217) 416-1432
phillipbisch@yahoo.com













welcome to midwest charity horse show




the board of directors of the midwest charity horse show are pleased to announce that friends and supporters will gather at the illinois state fairgrounds, coliseum of champions, june 14-18, 2022 for the 81st annual midwest charity horse show.

midwest charity horse show association in partnership with siu school of medicine’s department of pediatrics has been an integral part of helping children with chronic illnesses live happy, healthier lives. proceeds from the horse show help provide overnight lodging, food and/or transportation for families whose child is receiving treatment. the midwest charity horse show association endowment has given more than $257,000 to siu school of medicine's foundation for the department of pediatrics programs since 1987.

we look forward to providing the same warm hospitality that has drawn many to our show to renew old friendships, catch up with acquaintances and make new friends.  of supreme importance is the opportunity to see one of the finest united states equestrian federation equine competitions in the country featuring american saddlebreds, hackney ponies, roadster horses, arabians, morgans, and more. exhibitors may enter online this year at www.horseshowsonline.com
we are hoping to count you as a friend of the midwest charity horse show.  we have many sponsorship opportunities at many levels and appreciate your consideration. 
please join us in person or watch the live stream on the richfield video archive, rvp.tv for subscribers.
 
thank you for your support of the midwest charity horse show and its central illinois charitable endeavors.










for more information about the midwest charity horse show, contact show manager/president, carole kennedy at ckennedy0317@gmail.com .continue to check www.midwestcharity.com or our facebook page for updates regarding our show.


thank you!!
carole

carole kennedy
217-414-1900.








 

 


























midwest charity horse show (c) 2024



