


index sports appendix




















    
	index sports appendix
	
  
supplemental reading for the truman sports enthusiast









friday, september 22, 2006



	 
	 burning questions: week 4
	 
    


conor nichollwith the ucm domination by bulldog volleyball still leaving its wake and with a possible ucm domination of bulldog football looming, we embark on an edition of burning questions on bulldog football….football:  when will matt ticich and mickey masucci perform up to par? through three weeks, the two biggest recruits for the bulldogs on national signing day haven’t delivered. while ticich has been victimized by dropped passes and some blown assignments, the fact remains: he hasn’t played well. through three weeks, his numbers are almost identical to jonathan duffy’s last year. that’s not good. sure, northwest put a spy on him in the second half last saturday, but ticich hasn’t performed up to expectations – ranking last in the conference in pass efficiency (77 pct.). he could have a tough day against ucm’s defense, best in the miaa against the pass.i am also surprised ticich hasn’t used jeff amundson more on short passes. amundson, the bulldogs’ best wr underneath and on short passes, has just seven catches in three games. that’s a direct correlation to the bulldogs’ anemic 25 percent conversion rate (second to last in the miaa) on third down and 13 points/game – last in the conference.here is amundson’s last three years and the team’s 3rd down conversion rate:year  catches per game    conversion rate06   2.3      2505   3.1      3004   6.9      36for one example: in 2004, amundson caught 18 passes against missouri southern – four came on third or fourth down and sustained drives or set up scores.to his credit, masucci has been arguably the conference’s best punter the past two weeks, but you would like to keep your punter from kicking 6-8 times a game. his field goals, though, have been very supar, especially for a hs all-american and one that holds several state records.with masucci, he has missed a lot of kicks that he won’t make everytime, but they are kicks he should make most of the time. here are his missed fgs (4-for-8) thus far:  43-blocked, 44-missed, 40-blocked, 23-missed. he is 0-for-3 from the outside the 40 on the year.the 23-yarder shouldn’t happen, but he just hasn’t shown the range that made him so great at kennedy high. he kicked a 49-yarder last year, but that accuracy and leg strength has been lacking. especially with this offense struggling, when they get inside the opponents’ 25, they need to put points on the board.kickoff-wise, he has lost about six yards from last fall. last year, he booted kickoffs 59.6 per boot, this year it’s fallen to 54.7. that’s a small difference, but it still gives the opponent five more yards and helps shift the field position game.when will jake cunningham get the ball? over the past six months, the football staff has told the index that: 1. jake cunningham is a playmaker.2. pat murray is one of the best ots in the conference.3. murray can block in space very well – shown by his all-conference honors.4. we also know this: the bulldogs have rushed the ball very well this season – much better than in ’05.so, why don’t the bulldogs rush with cunningham behind murray? frankly, i believe this is the only way they can win. they need to use their best lineman and arguably their most dynamic threat effectively. give cunningham the ball 20-25 times on rushes and passes and run behind your best blocker. it will also take some of the pressure off ticich.currier said on tuesday that cunningham, a div. i transfer from purdue university, should get the ball more on saturday. the bulldogs have to be able to control the clock and win the field position game – rushing the football and improving special teams will help improve.can the 3-4 hold up? more than anything, this is going to be very important for the bulldogs. the bulldogs have contained the run, but aren’t as strong against the pass. ucm loves to throw the football – second-best efficiency in the conference – and the secondary will be critical in stop the mules.through three games, the defense has played very well, probably better than any defense has performed over the past four years: year scoring defense  rush/game      pass/game06 29.7    99.0    249.305 37.5    223.3    231.804 42.1    198.2    274.703 32.4    221.3    184.0cmsu is mainly a pass-oriented offense, so containing the pass will be critical.



posted by anonymous at friday, september 22, 2006
2 comments






friday, september 01, 2006



	 
	 burning questions i
	 
    


conor nichollthis week- and hopefully for all future weeks this year- we will have a blog edition of burning questions, touching on key truman athletics topics and other debate from sports. i would like to credit this idea to several writers who i have read and respected for a long time. truman volleyball: who will start at the libero?the defensive specialist is one of the most important positions on the volleyball court. currently, the bulldogs have three players:  sophomore eli medina and sophomore (and best friend) whitney boehler and junior erin leavitt competing for the position. boehler is the incumbent, while medina -- possibly the team's best defensive player -- and leavitt has seen more time in recent matches. this weekend, the bulldogs should cruise in all four matches, making the libero battle something to watch for. liberos are very similar to a bullpen- again poor teams, they may not make much difference, but against very good teams -- which the bulldogs will face after this weekend- the libero is extremely important. the libero also delivers the bump on the offense and a poor bump can lead to a poor set and a poor attack.i strongly believe that one of the main reasons why the bulldogs kept the match close against nebraska-kearney in the 2005 elite eight was because of boehler's incredible libero play. against washburn, central missouri and other top teams, the libero  will be very important.if boehler starts, it also could mean less playing time for medina, who is possibly the worst offensive player on the team (.122 hitting pct.) - she doesn't jump very high because of a balky knee -- but has incredible ball control and accumulates digs like few others in the conference (3.86 digs/game). but if she starts, what happens to boehler, a player who performed admirably  in critical matches last year  and is averaging 4.40 digs/game this year?what happens to leavitt? the transfer -- who saw little action last season -- enjoyed a remarkable weekend -- team-best 5.50 digs/game in just five games -- but she also had three service errors in just five games. boehler had two in 10 games and medina two in 14 games.i think leavitt warrants more playing time, but the service errors may be a problem. it's going to be the key battle of the weekend.2. setters. the bulldogs used christine wagener, kelsey wackerman and krysta tholen at setter in the opening tournament. all three need to perform better. this is another critical battle- does skoch stay with the 6-2 offense and start wagener and wackerman or does he try to provide tholen, a freshman, with more opportunities?3. football- this weekend, the bulldogs travel to winona state, the same team that lost to the bulldogs in week 1 of the 2005 season. in that game, the 'dogs did an outstanding of stopping the run. they also stopped the run in their week 1 loss to minnesota state-mankato.mankato, though, passed at will against the 3-4 defense, thrashing the bulldogs for 298 yards through the air. winona, which was seventh in the nation in passing yards per game last year (296.8 ypg) could have a field day against the bulldog defense and further expose the purple and white's secondary, considered by many to be the weak point of the team. can the bulldog defense stop the winona passing attack and put pressure on quarterback drew aber, the nsic preseason conference player of the year?4. special teams- the kicking game was terrible (two missed field goals), the punting was even worse (one punt partially blocked) and the coverage was abysmal. next to the inept red zone offense, the special teams cost the bulldogs a win in week 1. i have confidence that star recruit mickey massuci will turn things around with his leg, but the coverage is still a problem. can the team provide better special teams and limit big plays by the opposition?5. red zone offense- seven trips inside the red zone, two touchdowns. the play calling must improve. the coaches should call the same plays that effectively moved the ball down field. if phil kenney is rushing well, keep on handing the ball off. go with what works.key stats: according to the game notes, kenney is believed to be the first truman freshman to rush for over 100 yards in a season opener since 1969.kenney had 16 carries and rushed for 125 yards, a 7.8 yard per carry average. six of his carries were for 10 or more yards and half went for first downs. the last bulldog freshman to rush for 100 yards in a season opener was lenvil elliott in 1969. he had 35 carries for 110 yards in that game.truman also outrushed mankato 278-44. last season, the only two times the bulldog outrushed opponents they won -- including the winona game. can they keep the rushing attack up and capture a victory?



posted by anonymous at friday, september 01, 2006
0 comments






monday, july 24, 2006



	 
	 warning to all college parents
	 
    


by john scognamigliowell, it didn't take long for me to issue an apb for all parents out there.  moms and dads, beware of the son or daughter you have that believes that they can play poker (yes, kelly and don, that's you too).for those who have been living in a cave the past few years, the world series of poker has exploded into one of the all-time great tournaments out there for anyone.  a refresher, there is no qualification a la the u.s. open for golf.  anyone who has the money to plop on down can play.so far this year, we have seen a new record set; the age record.  jeff madsen has become the youngest bracelet winner ever.  to put that in perspective, he is 21 years, 1 month, and 9 days old.  that is a record that will be very hard to beat.he won a bracelet in the $2000 no-limit hold 'em event, outlasting more than 1500 players to collect the $660,948 first prize winnings.  this after placing third in an omaha hi-lo split tournament to collect $97,552.that's over three-quarters of a million dollars for just a few days work.  but wait there's more.  this is the tidbit that sent my mom over the edge as well.madsen won a $5000 no-limt hold 'em short handed event as well, netting first place money of $643,381.  yep sports fans, that's around 1.4 million for just a few weeks work. so how did this film student from uc-santa barbara get into these tournaments.  he did what any other normal person would do.  he took money out of his education fund to play and convinced his parents to help him out too finanically.so to all those parents out there, don't listen to your child when he or she says that they can win a bracelet at the world series of poker.  however, to my mom and dad, please disregard this posting on our blog.  you two both know i'm almost ready to make my professional debut.but to other parents, beware.



posted by anonymous at monday, july 24, 2006
0 comments






sunday, july 23, 2006



	 
	 comeback of the weekend?
	 
    


by john scognamigliothere has been one question i have been pondering this weekend and now i feel pretty safe to ask it: who will have the best comeback of this weekend?in one corner, we have tiger woods, coming off a disastrous run in the us open.  as i am currently typing, he is three under on the day, 16-under for the british open, leading by two strokes over chris dimarco.in the other corner, we have floyd landis. now, most of you might be saying, "who?"  we're talking about the tour de france, which for the last seven years was the tour de lance.  after a disastrous crash that seemingly put him out of contention, he has come back to reclaim the yellow jersey in saturday's time trial, setting up what would be one of the greatest come from behind from being ahead finishes ever, which as i was typing just concluded and yes, landis won.each of these two individuals have had some obstacles to overcome in having such a stellar weekend.  woods is playing in his second major tournament following the death of his father, earl woods.landis is following the tour de france storybook line that started with lance armstrong.  no, landis did not suffer from testicular cancer that spread to other parts of his body, but landis does have an artificial hip and was barely able to walk following the crash.so the question remains, who will have the biggest comeback of the weekend: woods or landis?



posted by anonymous at sunday, july 23, 2006
0 comments






tuesday, july 11, 2006



	 
	 enough is enough
	 
    


by john scognamigliookay.  i have come to a conclusion.  there is a problem with espn and their showcase of sports.   now, i realize that i am a very big part of this problem.beginning in 2002/2003, depending on which one was watched, the world series of poker became a catalyst of making athletes and celebrities out of anyone.  i admit that i thought i could play poker, and with a little tweaking, i hope to make my professional debut in the next five years. but enough is enough.  the new promos for the 2006 world series of poker are being showcased along with the world series of darts.  dear god...is there anything that isn't a sport these days.let me go into my memory banks and see if i can recall some of the events played on espn or espn2.  competitive eating, scrabble, poker, darts, dominoes.  pretty soon, the sports staff of the index, tyler madsen, joe barker and conor nicholl, may do battle with me possibly added to become the world champion of sports-blogging.is there a reason why this is happening?  of course.  most of us hate it, but reality television does sell.  these "sports" are the ultimate in reality television.  they promote that anyone can be a part of it.  of course, we all wish for that one defining moment, where we are showcased to the world in being the best in something.it's a wish that we all share, but few are destined to enjoy it.  i will never hit a game-winning home run, make a game-saving catch or even attempt a game-winning dunk.  but thanks to the miracle of espn, i might be able to catch that miracle card on the river, hit bullseye to send my opponent to the shower, score a triple-word score with the word q-u-i-z to win scrabble, or catch a double one to win at dominoes.does any of that have a chance of happening?  well, odds are no, but anything is possible.  now if you'll excuse me, i have to get back training for the world series of sudoku.



posted by anonymous at tuesday, july 11, 2006
0 comments






friday, june 16, 2006



	 
	 winged foot is not golfer's rabbit's foot
	 
    


*john scognamiglio*it's always weird when tiger woods doesn't win a major, but at least that's happened before.  he is, after all, just a human. what we weren't accustomed to though is him not playing through the rest of the weekend.  the 106th u.s. open is the first time tiger has not made the cut at a major as a professional. the most surprising thing for me while watching as much of the open as i could wasn't that tiger missed the cut.  he had been rusty, hadn't played for nine weeks due to his father's illness and death.  what really surprises me is the course at winged foot. every year in april, we listeners and watchers of golf always hear about the changes to augusta national that tries to make it "tiger-proof." every year, we hear that talk and see tiger just demolish the course so much so that it really should be the tiger masters open when he retires.winged foot has shown itself to be the course that tamed not only tiger, but the rest of the field.  when winning a tournament with a score of 14 under par seems common place, as ray bradbury would attest, "something wicked this way comes."winged foot has proven itself to be the most difficult course at least in my memory of watching majors, and i have been watching majors since tiger exploded on the scene with his masters run in 1997.  i haven't played a lot of golf in my life, but i've mowed my own grass and my dad never let me get away with having the grass as high as the roughs at winged foot.there are books about golf tournaments and golf courses out there, and winged foot is no exception.  however, when the title is massacre at winged foot, it can't possibly be a happy story.  dick schapp's account of st. louisan hale irwin's victory at the 1974 u.s. open shows just how difficult winged foot is.but this is 2006, not 1974.  we have the advantage of better equipment.  if you're like me, you like to look at the numbers.  let's start with one.  that's right, entering this weekend, there is only one player under par at one under, steve stricker.  how about +9?  that's the cut score, which tiger missed by three strokes.  tiger isn't the only well-known pro to miss the cut this year.  stuart appleby, k.j. choi, michael campbell, justin leonard, rich beem and rocco mediate are just some of the well-known players to miss the cut.with two days of play in the books, only six golfers have turned in a round with a score of under par. colin montgomerie was the only one to do it on day one of the tourney.so why watch the rest of the weekend, even if tiger is out?  well, this very well maybe one of the only times a major in my lifetime is won by an over par score.  phil mickelson is still playing too, four shots back at three over.  if you want a comeback story, watch out for vijay singh.  even though he's at +5 for the tourney, he could make a big push and challenge for the championship.either way, i don't think winged foot is going to let up this weekend.  it sure is going to be fun to watch.



posted by anonymous at friday, june 16, 2006
0 comments











about me

name:  joe barker 

view my complete profile

links

google news
index homepage
index sports

previous posts

burning questions: week 4
burning questions i
warning to all college parents
comeback of the weekend?
enough is enough
winged foot is not golfer's rabbit's foot
what a start to summer
time to update
softball is still alive
how great is pedro martinez?

archives

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
september 2006









 



