










































werth pr | public relations and marketing agency | columbus ohio


























































expertise 

our work 

insights 

team 

about 



contact


        10 north high street
suite 300
columbus, oh 43215

614.224.8114

contact@werthpr.com      



























        building brands
shaping policy
enhancing reputations      

        then. now. next.      

        since 1963, top leaders from every discipline have relied on werth to help solve their toughest stakeholder challenges. we delivered then, we deliver now, and we remain uniquely equipped to deliver what's next to come.        scroll our history 





        our services      

media relationspublic affairsintegrated marketing & advertisingdigital & web strategyissues & crisis managementthought leadership & brand storytellingwriting & editorial servicesbranding & designvideo & photographyalliances & coalition building 


          our experienced team of top strategists helps organizations enhance their visibility, mobilize advocates, preserve reputations and change minds when it matters most. we do this through a comprehensive portfolio of public relations, public affairs, research and marketing services through an integrated approach that leaves nothing to chance. from grassroots coalition building and targeted digital marketing campaigns, to professional writing and branding, we customize our work to fit an organization’s unique business goals and competitive landscape.        

see details 










in 2021, we launched a first-of-its-kind public policy poll of the state legislature providing regular insights into the thinking of ohio lawmakers. a collaboration with gongwer, ohio’s home for policy and politics, the poll is just one part of werth’s public affairs practice, in which we work alongside policy advocates and government affairs professionals to achieve client results that make a difference.


see the latest poll results 






                  werth insights                














              december 18, 2024              insights 

              a fearless forecast for 2025            

              i’m happy to say, our team is back at it with our fearless forecast for 2025. take a look at what we see unfolding in the year ahead.             


                read more
                









              december 17, 2024              insights 

              2024 fearless forecast in review            

              here are the results for our 2024 predictions.            


                read more
                









              december 14, 2023              insights 

              a fearless forecast for 2024            

              i’m happy to say, our team is back at it with our fearless forecast for 2024. take a look at what we see unfolding in the year ahead.             


                read more
                









              december 14, 2023              insights 

              2023 fearless forecast in review            

              here are the results for our 2023 predictions.            


                read more
                









              november 3, 2023              insights 

              reflections on leadership: what would sandy do?            

              for more than a decade, our chairman sandy werth harbrecht ratchford shared her thoughts in a monthly email on an array of important and topical issues.            


                read more
                









              september 26, 2023              news 

              columbus business first: women of influence: get to know werth’s new ceo julie granillo            




                read more
                









              july 7, 2023              news 

              remembering sandra harbrecht ratchford: 1950-2023            

              sandy was a rare gift, and we will miss her deeply. last week, we marked the end of an era as we paused to remember our leader, mentor and friend sandra harbrecht ratchford, who lost her courageous battle with cancer on june 18.            


                read more
                









              may 8, 2023              insights 

              what is the key to business longevity? ask an old company.             

              if you took a poll of ceos, our guess is that all of them would say resilience is key to business longevity. so, knowing this, why do so many companies close before reaching their full potential?            


                read more
                









              march 30, 2023              insights 

              a salute to tournament surprises … and what they have shown us            

              every team involved in an upset win this year believed it had the talent to win. they refused to listen to experts who told them the favorites would cut down the nets.            


                read more
                









              february 28, 2023              insights 

              the problem with ai            

              the emergence of artificial intelligence programs for use in everyday life has received a lot of attention recently. not surprisingly, this has brought about a mix of excitement and fear over ai’s ability to act as if it were human.            


                read more
                






see all insights 














          join our team        

          our associates bring a deep and varied set of experiences in business, government, media and nonprofits to our client work. our diverse and growing firm typically hires those with at least 10 years of experience and the ability to engage at all levels of a client’s organization. if you’re looking to make a difference for clients and our communities, contact us today.        

explore careers 













expertiseour workaboutteaminsightscareers 


            contact us
          




 

              ©2025 werth, inc. all rights reserved.
            

















privacy policy







          subscribe to our newsletter
        


	notice: javascript is required for this content.









          to receive our newsletter, please provide your name and email address. this is only used for our newsletter — you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the newsletter link. 

































