




data acquisition and control - windmill software




































toggle navigation




 windmill software



 +44 (0)161 834 6688

shop
about





 













data acquisition and control


























buy data acquisition products
visit our on-line shop to buy data acquisition and control products with free, lifetime, technical support. money-back if not satisfied.
measure temperature, strain, pressure, current…switch digital outputs…count…control.
shop for products 









measurement and control articles
learn about sensing, measuring, controlling and analysing the world around us. 
a comprehensive guide to all aspects of data acquisition.
browse articles 









subscribe monitor newsletter
i find monitor always valuable to read. sometimes for details, sometimes to be thought provoking, sometimes to remind me of things i once knew. excel corner is always excellent and i have used its ideas very often. 
			dr stewart montano
our informative monitor newsletter (issn 1472-0221) gives practical advice and articles on data acquisition and control, offers scientists and engineers tips on using excel and answers your data collection questions
subscribe 
















occupancy sensing
ten technologies to measure occupancy. how to automatically count, record and display live occupancy, and integrate with other iot devices.


view more 










using lorawan for remote monitoring
connecting sensors and device to the internet of things, over very long distances
learn more 









understanding strain measurement
tips for logging from strain gauge bridges  
read now 











seven ways to remove noise
how to minimise the effect of noise on your signal.
learn how 









data acquisition and the smart city: a connected future
at the heart of a smart city lies data acquisition, the process of gathering information from various sensors and sources,  integrating advanced technologies into the fabric of city operations 
 read more 


















using ai in data acquisition
ai-trained software reduces costs by removing the need for physical sensors. systems can be easily scaled up to handle large volumes of data from many sources. machine learning leads to continuous improvements in performance.
see example 









learn more
to find out more - or to ask our advice on your project - enter your details below.


name:



company:



email address:



message:






contact















windmill software
 manchester, uk
  		call: +44 (0)161 834 6688email us

 search 



buy products
free data logging software





sitemap

privacy policy


see you on...
  















 



