








mcdermott law firm, p.a. | criminal law | dui | personal injury




































 





skip to content








facebooklinkedininstagramtwitter 

law@injuryarrest.com 



 











established 1961
practicing excellence every day
 727-367-1080 









 


search for:








homeour teamfrank w. mcdermott, esq.george d. foster, iiisherry nufferjennifer mcdermott, rnjoseph f. mcdermott, esq.in the newslaw dogs®practice areascriminal lawdui & buiwhite collar crimeshomicide & dui manslaughterdrug crimesdomestic violencejuvenile delinquencypersonal injurywrongful deathtestimonialsblogcontact



 






loading...







law dogs® 



frank mcdermott and the entire team at mcdermott law firm are prepared to aggressively defend you in court. 


learn more











criminal law 



we provide representation in the areas of dui, dwi, white collar crimes, fraud, burglary, arson, and more. 


learn more











dui/dwi/bui 



our team of professionals has put in the hours and hard work to make sure you have the best legal defense in st. petersburg. 


learn more











personal injury 



we go to bat for our clients every day and fight hard to get them the compensation they deserve after an accident. 


learn more















mcdermott law firm, p.a. | criminal law | dui | personal injury

home 









mcdermott law firm, p.a. | criminal law | dui | personal injurystrategic media, inc.2022-03-01t13:54:11-05:00 
criminal law
we have the resources to assist clients with criminal charges related to dui/dwi, dui manslaughter, bui, drug cases, white collar crimes, theft, battery, domestic crimes, juvenile delinquency cases, and more.
learn moredui
in addition to driving under the influence cases, we handle any bui, bwi, drunk boating and boating under the influence, bui manslaughter, and all water vessel or watercraft-related cases including vessel homicide.
learn morepersonal injury
for all personal injury-related matters, including auto accidents, traffic crashes, motorcycle crashes, bicycle crashes, boating accidents, premises liability and more, we are the team you can count on to fight for you.
learn moreestablished 1961
practicing excellence every daymcdermott law firm works for youattorney frank w. mcdermott and the team are proud to offer dependable, dedicated, and effective criminal and injury law services that get results. we help clients in the tampa bay area, all the way up florida’s nature coast, who are injured, arrested, or under criminal investigation and have worked in both state and federal courts with much success.
the establishment of our firm in 1961 began with the late joseph f. mcdermott at the helm. many of the strategies, policies, and procedures that he put in place to help the injured and the accused are still being implemented today by board certified criminal trial attorney and florida bar member frank w. mcdermott, esq.
each of our attorneys knows what it takes to navigate the murky waters of the law, and we have helped our clients move on and leave their legal troubles in the past. we are committed to providing zealous representation to individuals injured at the fault of another or charged with a criminal offense. at mcdermott law firm we “practice excellence every day.
practice areaswhen it comes to legal problems, we have you covered. at mcdermott law firm, p.a., we help clients with a variety of matters, including criminal law, felonies and misdemeanors, dui (driving under the influence), bui (boating under the influence), drug charges (possession & trafficking), racketeering (rico), white collar crimes, traffic charges, record sealing, plea negotiations, personal injury, wrongful death, and more.
for a competent, honest, and determined team of professional lawyers and attorneys who are ready to fight for you, give us a call at 727-367-1080.dui
mcdermott law firm handles dui, dwi, drunk driving and dui manslaughter cases. we prepare extensively for all dui, dwi, and drunk driving cases. we get a copy of the dui/dwi videotape, a copy of the dui/dwi police report, as well as a copy of the maintenance documents available for the breath test device used in the dui/dwi charges so that we have all of your bases covered.
bui
boating under the influence and boating while intoxicated are serious offenses that can land you in trouble. our team will fight for you by thoroughly reviewing all evidence and preparing reports and documents on your behalf. whether the charges are civil or criminal, we will defend you aggressively.
criminal law
in addition to handling criminal defense issues in dui, dwi, traffic, and drug cases, mcdermott law firm, p.a. handles robbery, arson, rape, murder, burglary, sex crimes, juvenile law, and child abuse cases. we fight hard for justice in both state and federal court.
personal injury
personal injury matters can be complex. whether you were in an auto accident, motorcycle crash, bicycle or pedestrian accident, an experienced trial attorney at mcdermott law firm, p.a. will fight hard to ensure you receive the compensation you deserve.
white collar crimes
our firm has worked extensively in state and federal court on complex white collar crime cases involving rico (racketeering), scheme to defraud, elder fraud, theft, money laundering, and more.
serving the tampa bay area for over 60 yearscontact us to discuss your casereviews & testimonialsi am extremely satisfied with the exemplary job frank has done on my case. he is very well informed of all the procedures and made it a priority to ensure that i have felt confident and at easy  (...)
mariast. petersburg (avvo)    mr mcdermott handled my dui recently. i couldn't be happier with his service on this matter. he answered all my email and phone requests usually within minutes. he worked every angle possible to (...)
damon(avvo)    frank is a great lawyer. he helped me with my case and was very informative throughout the whole process. his staff is very friendly and sincerely care about their clients. he was able to get th (...)
brandon(avvo)    



 
 





 
 

find us
primary office seminole florida
10010 seminole boulevardseminole, florida 33772
727-367-1080

law@injuryarrest.com
cedar key office 517 2nd streetcedar key, florida 32625
727-367-1080 

quick linkspractice areas
about
blog
contact
 

hiring a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely on advertisements.
before you decide, ask us to send you free written information about our qualifications or experience.
contact us 

 
 
 





		copyright 2022 strategic media, inc. | all rights reserved | designed by strategic media, inc.	


facebooklinkedininstagramtwitter
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link




























































































go to top




