



challenges addiction treatment center







































  






about us


treatment team


philosophy


certifications


contact us


blog




recovery programs


residential treatment


partial hospitalization


intensive outpatient


transistional living


holistic wellness program


alumni program


family program




treatment services


effective therapy


cognitive behavioral therapy


pharmacotherapy


individual therapy


group therapy


neurofeedback


12 steps as therapy




addiction


alcohol addiction


opiate addiction


cocaine addiction


prescription addiction


marijuana addiction


meth addiction


oxycodone addiction


xanax addiction


heroin addiction


spice addiction


kratom addiction




mental health


bipolar disorder


anxiety disorder


major depression


dual diagnosis


narcissistic behavior




lgbt friendly


older adults program




admission info


what to bring


insurance accepted


accommodations


beach house residence










                          



















relapse ends here











challenges addiction treatment center has a staff of therapists, physicians, and counselors who are experts in drug and alcohol treatment of addiction and have been helping people for the last 17 years. we offer a unique experience with personalized treatment plans, evidence-based psychotherapy and natural wellness programs for drug addiction, alcoholism, compulsive behavior and dual diagnosis including bipolar, depression, add/adhd, ptsd and other psychiatric and mental disorders.
challenges addiction treatment center offers hope for people who have been looking for answers to their frustration about their inability to remain clean and sober.
the atmosphere at the challenges addiction treatment center is caring and supportive, and provides individuals with all of the tools necessary to start recovering from addiction or chronic relapse. challenges addiction treatment center has a wonderful and unique residential environment to treat clients; our beach residence in fort lauderdale, florida offers the individual a pleasant environment allowing them to focus on sobriety and the beauty life has to offer. our treatment facility provides the tools and programs to help recover from addiction, prevent relapse and move forward with a fulfilling and healthy life for you and your family.




we can help!
                24 hours a day / 7 days a week
1-888-670-5486

if you are struggling with addiction, or have questions that need answers, we can help.

insurance accepted
financing available
residential treatment
                outpatient treatment (day or evening)
                transitional living program
                detoxification services
                continuing care
                sober residences
                recovery coaching
specialized care for:
                the family
                chronic relapse
                lifeskill enhancement
                young adults
                lgbt
                the boomer generation
                professionals
                and more..................



recent posts


what is a drug and alcohol assessment?


do you have a relapse prevention plan in place?


drug dealer in the home


abstinence with sobriety equals recovery


deconstructing alcohol













contact

challenges addiction treatment center
              5100 coconut creek parkway.
              fort lauderdale, fl 33063
p: 1-888-670-5486
            

email





recent posts


what is a drug and alcohol assessment?


do you have a relapse prevention plan in place?


drug dealer in the home


abstinence with sobriety equals recovery


deconstructing alcohol









about us


recovery programs


treatment services


admission info














© 2013 - challenges addiction treatment center · all rights reserved



  














