





























australian catholic university (acu)














 























skip to content













study at acu
study at acu



find a course


core curriculum


course guides


course types explained


acu online


new courses


why study at acu
fees and scholarships


domestic student fees


international student fees


other fees and costs


payments and refunds


scholarships


financing your studies


important dates
future students events




how to apply


undergraduate students


postgraduate students


international students


research students


short courses and individual units


admission pathways


find your pathway


i didn't get the atar / op / rank


i am an elite athlete or performer


i have completed military service


education pathways




credit and prior learning
responding to an offer


accept your offer and enrol


defer your offer or withdraw


orientation


course enrolment guides


leadership academy


undergraduate study at acu
postgraduate study at acu
study overseas
support for international students
career advisors
support for year 12 students
how parents can help
forms
change of preference
faith and values





international students
international students



acu中文官网
access study guide
download student guides
student and alumni stories
how to apply


study undergraduate


study postgraduate


study research


study english






english and pathway programs


diploma programs


foundation studies


tertiary preparation program (health sciences)


study abroad and exchange


semester programs


gateway to acu
arriving and living in australia


accommodation options


student visas






international student fees
international student scholarship
find an acu education agent
meet acu in your country
international partners
contact us - acu international





student life
student life



experience uni before you start


experience acu


explore your local campus


open day


student stories
campus facilities


food, drink and recreation facilities


learning and teaching facilities


sports, health and wellbeing facilities


student safety
library
student accommodation


rental advisory service


student accommodation scholarships






student services


academic skills development


campus ministry


career development services


connect2uni


first year students


counselling services


disability support


medical centres


student advocacy


aboriginal and torres strait islander student services


student veterans support program


gain work experience
graduation
acu thrive




clubs, activities and student associations


student associations


clubs and societies


creative and cultural activities


leadership opportunities


acu sport


gyms, fitness classes and facilities


sports clubs and activities


national and representative sports


social sport and sport facilities


elite athlete and performer program







locations
locations



ballarat
blacktown
brisbane
canberra
melbourne
north sydney
rome
strathfield




townsville leadership centre
co-lab business incubator
community event spaces and venue hire


the gaudete centre, brisbane


the greg craven centre, melbourne


the peter cosgrove centre, north sydney






acu sport facilities





research and enterprise
research and enterprise



research community


researchers


institutes and centres


research candidates


research facilities and capabilities


research services


library






graduate research school


study


partner


supervision


candidate resources


collaborate with acu


innovate and research


join us on campus


connect with students


engage our candidates






office of the deputy vice-chancellor (research and enterprise)
our research vision
contact us





about acu
about acu



reputation and ranking
vision 2033
acu student retention strategy
acu student mental health strategy and implementation plan
leadership and governance


organisational structure


government and public policy


vice-chancellor and president


faith and values


what if i'm not catholic?


community giving


community engagement


community-initiated research


clemente australia


sustainability at acu




news
events
careers at acu
arts and culture hub
widening participation
employers and industry
our partnerships


research partners


publications


handbook by year






faculties, directorates and staff


faculty of education and arts


faculty of health sciences


faculty of law and business


faculty of theology and philosophy


directorates


first peoples directorate
empowering veterans


student veteran services


institutes, academies and centres
policies and procedures
professional standards and integrity
search







 search

        search
        



search by keyword, course..


show me

everything

everything
courses
researcher




                search
                









faith and values


industry


alumni


giving to acu


library




results


current students


my timetable


staff


acu online


contact us









search by keyword, course..


show me

everything
courses
researcher



 search





search



menu ☰









close x









start studying in 2025







                                the following slideshow controls have visual effect only.
                            




start studying in 2025
view frequently asked questions.
learn more 






own your future today
study with us and stand out as a highly sought-after graduate.
get in touch 






international student guide
create your own personalised brochure.
access now 






student and alumni stories
read stories from our students and alumni and learn all you need to know about international student life at acu.
learn more 






making our mark
see how acu measures up in university rankings.
learn more 





 



















it’s your future. make an impact.
welcome to australian catholic university, where tradition sparks new beginnings.









search for a course













register your interest
important dates
new courses





register now

×





domestic
international




close






























 



  latest at acu




news
events


news

news
events





                        the following slideshow controls change the content above and below. information is displayed below the controls while video content plays above the video controls.
                    





                                                news
                                            

moody's affirms acu's aa2 stable rating
13 february

ratings agency moody's has affirmed australian catholic university's (acu's) aa2 rating with a stable outlook, reflecting the university's strong financial health and d...                                                







                                                event
                                            

in focus: executive dean presents...priced out locked out - hou...

                                                        27 march
                                                        
                                                        
                                                    

join us for a critical discussion on the causes, impacts, and pathways to unlock affordable housing for all australians.                                                







                                                news
                                            

$5m funding to support caregivers raising children with disabil...
14 february

envisage secures $5m to continue supporting caregivers of children with disabilities                                                







                                                event
                                            

advancing literacy conference & workshop 2025 for primary and s...

                                                        29 march
                                                        
                                                        
                                                    

the australian centre for advancement of literacy presents the advancing literacy conference 2025 for primary and secondary teachers on saturday 29th march 2025 on acu ...                                                







                                                news
                                            

teaching numbers up in boost to profession
13 february

enrolments in acu's teaching courses have soared at its brisbane campus in a positive sign for the profession, which has long struggled with educator shortages.                                                







                                                event
                                            

discover acu - brisbane campus

                                                        9 april
                                                        
                                                        
                                                    

are you ready to make an impact? join our free discover acu activities. tailored to your study area of interest, these practical sessions will give you an insight into ...                                                







                                                news
                                            

critical media literacy a life skill for children – acu expert...
13 february

education and open communication with children continue to be crucial to protect young people online regardless of social media bans, an acu expert has stressed on safe...                                                







                                                event
                                            

discover acu ballarat - arts and humanities, occupational thera...

                                                        10 april
                                                        
                                                        
                                                    

are you ready to make an impact? join us for an exciting discover acu ballarat event and explore a rewarding career in the arts and humanities, occupational therapy, ph...                                                







                                                news
                                            

summer school gives high schoolers a taste of the liberal arts ...
13 february

acu’s western civilisation program hosted another successful summer school for australian high school students.                                                







                                                event
                                            

discover acu ballarat - nursing and paramedicine

                                                        11 april
                                                        
                                                        
                                                    

are you ready to explore a career that makes a real difference and saves lives? discover what it's like to study nursing or paramedicine at acu ballarat.                                                







                                                news
                                            

johanna harris awarded s. ernest sprott fellowship
13 february

early modern literature scholar associate professor johanna harris has been awarded the s. ernest sprott fellowship to conduct research overseas.                                                







                                                event
                                            

discover law, criminology and human rights at acu blacktown

                                                        14 april
                                                        
                                                        
                                                    

all rise! aspiring lawyers, criminologists, and human rights advocates, it's time to sharpen your analytical skills and discover the excitement of the courtroom. join u...                                                







                                                news
                                            

take breaks, research your options and ditch your phone: how to...
4 february

year 12 is arguably the most important year of school. it is full of exams, milestones and decisions.                                                







                                                event
                                            

discover health sciences at acu north sydney

                                                        24 april
                                                        
                                                        
                                                    

are you ready to explore a career that makes a real difference? discover what it's like to study nursing, occupational therapy, physiotherapy or speech pathology at acu...                                                







                                                news
                                            

acu provost honoured for contributions to corporate governance...
31 january

professor julie cogin has been appointed a fellow of the australian institute of company directors, in recognition of her outstanding contributions to corporate governa...                                                






talk with series

                                                event
                                            

talk with occupational therapists and speech pathologists

                                                        7 may
                                                        
                                                        
                                                    

join us online to hear from acu students and alumni about the rewarding and challenging careers of occupational therapists and speech pathologists.                                                







                                                news
                                            

collaboration the key to online safety
24 january

they say it takes a village to raise a child. it also takes a team of leading academic researchers and industry experts to help educate, empower, and safeguard children...                                                






talk with series

                                                event
                                            

talk with psychologists and social workers

                                                        13 may
                                                        
                                                        
                                                    

join us online to hear from acu students and alumni about the rewarding and challenging careers of psychologists and social workers.                                                







                                                news
                                            

education experts' tips for a successful school year
24 january

acu education experts have united to provide tips and advice to support students, parents, and educators in time for the start of the 2025 school year.                                                






talk with series

                                                event
                                            

talk with nutrition, exercise and sport professionals

                                                        14 may
                                                        
                                                        
                                                    

join us online to hear from acu students and alumni about their experiences and where a career in nutrition or sport and exercise science could take you.                                                
















we’re achieving great things


top

                                10
                            

catholic universities



ranked

                                1st
                            

in australia for research quality





                                95
                                %


of graduates employed


explore excellence at acu









study at acu
prepare for a rewarding career while making an impact. browse study options, search courses, find out how to apply, view admission pathways, and learn about fees and scholarships.
study with us 

our research

acu fosters a community of outstanding researchers and collaborators. browse your research options, view our priority research areas, and explore our research institutes.

research with us 














browse for a course













check out our new courses for 2024 





allied health
business
creative arts
global studies and international development
humanities and social sciences
information technology




law and criminology
nursing, midwifery and paramedicine
nutrition and biomedical science
philosophy
professional education
psychology




public health and administration
sport and exercise science
teaching
theology
youth work and community development















acu celebrates the jubilee year
every 25 years, the church proclaims a holy year, a special gift of grace and mercy for all people and a time for the
faithful to be renewed in their commitment. acu will be celebrating the 2025 pilgrims of hope jubilee with events
and activities designed to bring us together as a community, renew us in our commitment and refresh us to take up
our mission anew.
upcoming events and activities










 


stand out by standing up




                        the following slideshow controls have visual effect only.
                    






















 







                                                            yarrie bangura
                                                            the video opens above the slideshow controls



international development studies graduate
yarrie’s childhood was disrupted by a blood civil war that ravaged her hometown. after coming to australia for refuge, she has found healing through entrepreneurship.




                                                            dr derek chong
                                                            the video opens above the slideshow controls



nursing graduate
raised in ipswich in southeast queensland, dr derek chong is the state's first aboriginal and torres strait islander psychiatrist. 




                                                            nicola parkes
                                                            the video opens above the slideshow controls



youth work graduate
nicola parkes has dedicated her life to supporting people with a refugee experience. 

























acknowledgement of country
in recognition of aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples’ deep spiritual and cultural connection to country, it is customary to acknowledge country as we pass through it. we acknowledge and pay our respects to the first peoples, the traditional custodians of the lands and waterways where australian catholic university campuses are located, and we thank them for their continued custodianship.
first peoples






















discover more





community engagement
 discover acu’s community engagement activities for the common good. with the university mission at the heart, we work with a rich network of community partners to address social issues. acu’s commitment to quality community engagement has led us to be named as one of the first recipients of the prestigious carnegie community engagement classification in australia. 
find out more




live in a thriving community
  living in student accommodation is a great way to get the most out of your university experience. you’ll get academic support, make lifelong friends, and be part of a diverse and close-knit community. 
find accommodation




read compelling stories from acu
  impact brings you stories that inform, challenge and inspire. it’s about the impact we’re having on our communities, and our mission in action. it’s a practical resource for career, life and study. 
visit impact




safeguarding children and young people
  child safety is a priority for everyone, everywhere. we're committed to supporting and enabling the safety of children and young people in institutions through research, professional development opportunities, and capacity building tools.  
visit portal















                        have a question?
                    



                        we're available 9am–5pm aedt, monday to friday if you’ve got a question, our askacu team has you covered. you can search faqs, text us, email, live chat, call – whatever works for you.
                    





live chat with us now

                                chat to our team for real-timeanswers to your questions. 
                            
launch live chat




visit our faqs page

                                find answers to some commonly asked questions.
                            
see our faqs







 ask a question 




call                                            1300 275 228














about acu


faith and values


working at acu


giving to acu


contact us








our campuses


ballarat


blacktown


brisbane


canberra


melbourne




north sydney


rome


strathfield


acu online








connect with us
 































study online with us




still have questions? 					








accessibility
disclaimer
privacy
emergency and safety




copyright
 ©australian catholic university 1998-2025 abn 15050192660 provider number prv12008 cricos reg 00004g

                    





                        
australian catholic university acknowledges the traditional custodians of the lands on which we live and work, and we pay our respects to elders both past and present.
                    










































