







salida colorado hotel lodging discount motel travel accommodations co






































woodland motel
about
testimonials
get in touch
policies
 












the best massage parlors in colorado




				0				comments			



                	                07/09/2021                                



						uncategorized					




looking for some deep relaxation in colorado? a massage is the best way to loosen up your muscles and relax. many doctors now recommend regular massages for both mental and physical health. we’ve rounded up a list of some of best places you can get a massage in colorado.
you can find all of these massage parlors and more independent massage therapists, along with reviews from real people at rubmaps. we’ve selected some of our favorites and top rated locations.
best massage therapist in denver
chop n wax 
if you’re looking for a quality massage in denver, you’re in luck. chop n wax is a spa that has been around for 35 years, which is really long in the massage game. the massage therapists are trained in and recommend shiro aiki technique, which is a blend of traditional japanese massage, sado-restorative massage, and reiki. they also recommend the shiro aiki, which combines aiki-pilates, shiro aiki, pilates, and yoga.
zale massage
located at the park hill shopping center, zale massage has received rave reviews from their clients.
best massage therapist in colorado springs
west coast massage therapy 
the best thing about massage therapists in colorado springs is that they’re as highly trained and certified as you’ll find anywhere else in the country. the west coast massage therapy clinic has an experienced, trained and licensed staff that is used to dealing with “high-maintenance” clients and serious health issues. so no matter what you need, they’ll have the technique and the knowledge to give it to you.
elite massage 
elite massage has been providing one of the best massages in colorado springs for over twenty years. this massage clinic has massage therapists that are fully certified in relaxation therapy, using a combination of manual, electrical and cupping therapy.
bella salon & spa 
bella salon & spa provides a relaxing massage for both men and women. bella also offers manicures and pedicures and offers fitness packages and personal training as well. massage discounts: 15% off all 60-minute and 90-minute massages, 10% off all 60-minute reflexology treatments, 10% off all day care, 13% off all manicures and 10% off all pedicures.
2nd place: centerpointe spa best massage therapist3rd place: thai massage
best massage therapist in aurora
everlast bodywork
ever since evelyn yoder started her business, she has been a leader in the industry, starting in 1996 in aurora. today, everlast bodywork is one of the most well-known places to get a massage in aurora. they have a variety of massage styles and sessions for you to choose from. they offer various types of massages, including deep tissue, sports massage, prenatal massage, swedish massage, bodywork, foot reflexology, tai chi, prenatal reflexology, and more! 









best ideas for a date in colorado




				0				comments			



                	                05/05/2021                                



						actvities					




no matter what kind of couple you are or if you’re simply looking for hookups near me, colorado is full of incredible and unique date activities. there are many opportunities for hiking, cycling, skiing, camping, hiking and other outdoor activities. you can take a fun wine tour to ease the planning pressure, or have a drink at one of denver’s many wine bars and restaurants.
grab your loved one’s hand and discover all the romantic things you can do as a couple in colorado. whether you’re spending a romantic evening with your long-term significant other or just testing the water for a first date, these fun date ideas in colorado will keep your date interesting and interactive.
whether you’re planning a romantic getaway for two or looking for something creative, stimulating, nostalgic or daring, there are countless date night ideas in colorado. if you’re still looking for someone to accompany you, you can meet local girls on escort apps like usasexguide, or try any of the well-known dating apps like tinder.
dunton hot springs
one of the best places to relax in colorado is dunton hot springs, just a few miles north of denver, colorado. we did some research on the centennial state to bring you a list of our favorite places in the state as well as some good places to visit. 
how do you want to start your day with a relaxing dip in a natural hot spring and what makes it the perfect starting point to explore all corners of your state? located in the mountains of rocky mountain national park in colorado, about a half-hour drive from denver and about an hour from the city of fort collins, dunton hot springs is a jewel in an elopement location. 
lookout mountain
take a detour to lookout mountain, take a summer gondola ride, admire the magnificent dome building of the colorado state capitol, or relax on a hot summer’s day with stunning views of rocky mountain national park. 
crested butte
in addition to the above, you should plan a day trip to crested butte, colorado’s second highest mountain, home to one of colorado’s most popular ski resorts. until then, don’t hesitate to try some of our suggested romantic activity options for your date. 
choctoberfest
autumn lovebirds can have fun at the choctoberfest at the arapahoe county fairgrounds in east denver. they have beer, competitions and more fun activities, all with chocolate. 
dagar
visit dagar in downtown denver and indulge in a friendly competition, then see who headlines loonee’s comedy corner. then finish your date night in colorado springs in one of the clubs or bars in tejon. 
keystone colorado
whether it’s a weekend getaway or a month away, keystone colorado offers couples a place to play and relax, whether they want to experience a great adventure or not. this is one of the best places to relax in colorado, and is a great place to be whether you are a couple experiencing great adventure or just looking for a quiet time together. 
climb a mountain
whether you visit aspen mountain in summer or winter, do it for colorado, and adventurous couples will find the climb to cheyenne mountain one of the funniest things to do in colorado springs on a date, especially with a partner who loves animals. 
denver botanical gardens
whether summer or winter, the denver botanic gardens is a great place to spend time with a loved one. this unique sanctuary is located 25 minutes west of downtown denver, just outside the city, and is one of the best places to have fun if you’re looking for things to do with your kids in denver.
it offers a relaxing environment, perfect for children of all ages to explore the rocks and fossils. the denver zoo is the best place for a family getaway, but everyone can have fun at the large elitch gardens theme park. 









spring area activities





				0				comments			



                	                07/03/2020                                



						actvities					




during your colorado vacation, enjoy comfortable and affordable lodging at the woodland motel in salida, co. 
most activities can be done here in the upper arkansas river valley year round because of the mild winters and little snowfall in the winter. 
as the snow high up in the mountains starts to melt and everything starts to green out, spring is beautiful. the most popular spring activities are:
fly-fish or spin-cast for german browns on the arkansas river or in small nearby lakes. fishing is open all year round but the caddis fly hatch in april & may must be the highlight. more info.
mountain biking on hundreds of miles of trails, old mining and logging roads from our local 7,000 feet elevation up to 9,000 feet (higher than that you will run into the snow until summer). www.absolutebikes.com.
hiking on the colorado trail that winds along the continental divide from durango to denver, the rainbow trail that follows the sangre de cristo mountain range southeast or the salida trail system in salida that goes along the arkansas river and several small lakes. higher elevations of the colorado trail and rainbow trail will have snow until summer. for more info visit the us forest service.
captain zipline tour – fly on 8 different lines that zigzag across lost canyon for a total of 2,600+ feet. learn the geology and history of the area and soak in the rugged beauty. 
it is fun and exciting and very smooth. practice on the bunny line before going out over the canyon. open year-round. meeting for the tour is 7 blocks away and less than 10 minutes to the zipline site. reservations recomended. www.captainzipline.com

rock climbing- enjoy the many bouldering sites, rock climbing sites all with various degrees of difficulty. for the beginner or advanced “crag” expert in you. lower elevation bouldering sites are accessible all year round, higher up…you will be ice climbing. http://www.coloradoheadwaters.com/colorado-rock-ice-climbing-&-mountaineering/buena-vista-salida-rock-ice-climbing-&-mountaineering-act45.html , http://www.rmoc.com/rock_climbing_school.php?section_id=2
whitewater raft and kayak on some of the most incredibly scenic and exciting class 1-4 on the arkansas river. the best rafting is usually from the middle of may to the middle of august depending on the water level. peak run-off is usually around the middle of june. 
we highly recommend the half-day trip through browns canyon. 
we have rafted and kayaked it and it is one of the best half-day trips anywhere in the us. we have located just 7 blocks from the salida kayak whitewater park. for more rafting info visit: http://www.arkansasrivertours.com/ , http://www.americanadventure.com/ .
cross-country ski and snowshoe over old monarch pass, co. just 25 minutes west of here and after a gradual slope, stand on top of the continental divide and look into the gunnison valley. http://www.coloradoheadwaters.com/colorado-snowshoeing-and-cross-country-skiing/buena-vista-salida-snowshoeing-and-cross-country-skiing-act4.html
ride atvs onguided tours oron your own through incredible scenery. all abilities. http://www.allseasonrentals.com/.
rock-hounding – search for apache tears and garnets at ruby mountain, visit old mine sites, hunt for arrowheads, pan for gold. http://salida.com/salida-best-of/best-of-salida-rockhounding.html
captain zipline tour – fly on 8 different lines that zigzag across lost canyon for a total of 2,600+ feet. 
learn the geology and history of the area and soak in the rugged beauty. open year round. meet for the tour is 7 blocks away and less than 10 minutes to the zipline site. reservations recomended. www.captainzipline.com
chaffee county fish hatchery and rearing unit – just a short walk from the motel, you will find a multitude of fish spawning, growing and hatching down by the arkansas river.
you can feed the fish, learn and watch how it is done to stock our rivers, lakes and streams. private tours, and groups welcome. 719-539-6877
the salida golf course is just 3 minutes from the woodland motel. your drives will go farther at 7,000 ft and the views are breathtaking. -more info- http://salidagolfclub.com/
downtown salida, just 7 blocks down the street, is known for its great art galleries, antique shops, and unique jewelry boutiques and excellent restaurants. this is the perfect place for a date night, whether you’ve just matched with someone on a dating app or you’re already in a relationship.
there is also a fabulous skateboard park. the kayakwhitewater park, river walk, outdoor sculpture garden, local community theater, the steam plant, and bongo billy’s salida café with live entertainment are all located on the banks of the arkansas river. http://www.salidaartists.com/
salida hot springs aquatic center just 5 minutes from the woodland motel. the water is totally odorless, hot, and piped in from poncha springs. lots of activities for all ages. half price tickets. http://salidapool.com/
mt. princeton hotsprings resort -enjoy the 100 degree creek side soaking pool or swim in the 90-degree lap pool. or let your inner child go down the 300-foot long water slide. 30 minutes north in nathrop. http://www.mtprinceton.com/
cottonwood hotsprings -soak in colorado’s purest, geothermal, gravity-fed mineral spas. experience the rock-lined soaking pools, cold plunge and sauna. 1 hour north in buena vista. http://www.cottonwood-hot-springs.com/hotsprings/
1) grow some fruits and vegetables by gardening
berries, melons, broccoli, green beans–the possibilities are endless. so many tasty fruits and vegetables that planting with your kids will make a great learning experience. how neat would it be for them to grow in their very own garden this spring. just imagine, running out to the backyard for a mid-afternoon healthy snack! this is also a wonderful time for them to try new vegetables they are picky about!
2) paint those flower pots to spruce up the garden
have your kids get creative when designing their garden. grab some small plant pots and have the kids paint them with your favorite non-toxic paints. consider adding glitter or jewels for a bonus charm. this is the perfect activity to add some art to your garden.
3) put their planting skills to the test by making snacks
imagine how exciting it will be for your kids when the fruits and vegetables that they tended to are ready to be eaten. there are plenty of creative and healthy snack options to make with all of their favorite fruits and veggies. try making smiley faces on their plates or creating their favorite cartoon character out of the colorful fruits and veggies.
4) spring cleaning doesn’t have to be a chore
although kids don’t exactly care for cleaning up their mess, you have the perfect chance to encourage them to be tidy and mindful of keeping the house clean. put on some music for them to dance to while you help them declutter and organize their favorite rooms in the house.
pro tip: encourage your kids to tidy up by honoring them with their favorite snack or taking them to their favorite park afterward.
5) enjoy the spring weather with a nature trail walk
nature trails are fantastic for getting exercise, learning about the great outdoors, and inspiring kids to go outside and enjoy the spring breeze. encourage your children to look for new plants and wildlife– you could even look for wild animal prints. it’s great for all of us to get out of the house and spend some time breathing in the fresh spring air.
6) there’s always time for a bike ride
what better way to enjoy nature trails and nice weather than by strolling through on a bike? strap the little ones in a child seat on the back of your bike, or get them their own with training wheels so they can start learning.
7) cool off with a swim in the pool
swimming is a great way for the kids to use all that energy they still have by the end of the day. there are plenty of public pools at your local parks and schools that will be open as soon as spring arrives. take a dip together or enroll your young ones in a swim class at testosteron tillskott
.
happy and healthy for spring
spring may be the time for easter egg hunts filled with sweet treats, but you can always tie in the healthier activities above throughout the season.
weathervane farms -learn about a local farm co-op, meet the livestock babies, help pick some organic food from the vine, and enjoy the farm atmosphere. 45 minutes north in buena vista. http://www.weathervanefarmbv.com/
royal gorge park – world’s highest suspension bridge, gondola, incline train, miniature train, deer herd, theme park. 1 hour east on hwy 50. http://www.royalgorgebridge.com/
a train ride through the royal gorge – breathtaking and historic. definitely worth it! 1 hour east on hwy 50 http://www.royalgorgeroute.com/
 great sand dune national monument – climb dunes like the sahara desert. in late spring and early summer, the “river” is lovely to swim and play in. 1 hour, 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. www.nps.gov/grsa/index.htm
alligator farm –visit all kinds of reptiles and huge alligators raised in thermal springs. 1 hour, 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. http://www.gatorfarm.com/
joyful journey hot springs – soak in outdoor pools protected by windscreens, great views of the sangre de cristo mountains, very clean. discounts.  45 minutes south in the san luis valley. http://www.joyfuljourneyhotsprings.com/
penitente canyon climbing area and spiritual sites -quiet canyons and grasslands in western san luis valley. 
world-class rock climbing, spanish rock art, wagon ruts from old spanish trail, campground, picnic area, mountain biking. from salida, approx. 1 hour 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. there are rattlesnakes that inhabit this area…go prepared.









colorado trail horseback riding golf course san isabel national forest c





				0				comments			



                	                03/11/2020                                



						actvities					




fall is a wonderful time! there are fewer visitors to the area, rates are lower, the weather is usually fantastic and when the aspen change to gold, the scenery is breathtaking. estimated travel time is one-way. the most popular fall activities are:
fly-fish or spin-cast for german browns on the arkansas river or in small nearby lakes and for rainbow trout in high mountain lakes. fishing is open all year around. guided float trips and instruction. 5 minutes to 5 hours. more info.
horseback riding high up in the colorado rockies. ride by old mines, incredible scenery  spilleautomater vikings and wonderful horses and guides. we recommend at least the 3-hour ride. 
ranch headquarters at least 30 minutes away. http://www.coloradoheadwaters.com/colorado-horseback-riding-&-llama-trekking/buena-vista-salida-horseback-riding-&-llama-trekking-act13.html.
mountain bike on hundreds of miles of trails, old mining and logging roads from our local 7,000 feet elevation up to 12,000 feet as you tour the top of the continental divide between monarch and marshall passes). also, explore the specially-made mountain bike trails on tenderfoot mountain (the mountain with the s on it you can see from the cherrycash motel. 10 minutes to 1 hour. more info- www.absolutebikes.com
captain zipline tour – fly on 8 different lines that zigzag across lost canyon for a total of 2,600+ feet. learn the geology and history of the area and soak in the rugged beauty. it is fun and exciting and very smooth. practice on the bunny line before going out over the canyon. open year-round. meeting for the tour is 7 blocks away and less than 10 minutes to the zipline site. reservations recomended. www.captainzipline.com
hike on the colorado trail that winds along the continental divide from durango to denver, the rainbow trail that follows the sangre de cristo mountain range southeast or the salida trail system in salida that goes along the arkansas river and several small lakes. 10 to 30 minutes. for more info visit the us forest service. you should check this astra theme.
climb mountains (non-technical climbing just steep hiking). scores of mountain trails including those going to the summits of 14,000 ft peaks: mt shavano, mt ouray, mt antero, mt princeton, mt harvard. make sure you start at the crack of dawn to avoid possible afternoon thundershowers or early snow. 45 minutes and longer visit https://pariuricasino.ro. http://www.14ers.com/
rock climbing – enjoy the many bouldering sites, rock climbing sites all with various degrees of difficulty.
 for the beginner or advanced “crag” expert in you. some above buena vista offers the best golden aspen views! http://www.coloradoheadwaters.com/colorado-rock-ice-climbing-&-mountaineering/buena-vista-salida-rock-ice-climbing-&-mountaineering-act45.html , http://www.rmoc.com/rock_climbing_school.php?section_id=2
rent a jeep or bring your own and explore 100s of miles of old mining and logging roads. visit ghost towns. from novice to expert. great way to get up close to the fall foliage. 10 minutes to. http://www.coloradoheadwaters.com/colorado-off-roading-&-jeep-tours/buena-vista-salida-off-roading-&-jeep-tours-act8.html
explore ghost towns including st. elmo, co., the best-preserved ghost town in colorado-free. 45 minutes. http://www.ghosttowns.com/states/co/cochaffee.html
ride atvs on guided tours or on your own through incredible scenery. all abilities. 10 minutes to business. www.allseasonrentals.com
rock-hounding – search for apache tears and garnets at ruby mountain, visit old mine sites, hunt for arrowheads, pan for gold. 45 minutes and longer. http://salida.com/salida-best-of/best-of-salida-rockhounding.html
the salida golf course is just 3 minutes from the woodland motel. at 7,000 ft, your drives will go farther and the views are breathtaking. http://salidagolfclub.com/
hunt for mule deer and elk in the san isabel national forest. most areas are open to everyone but some are limited to those who have successfully drawn in the lottery. 
there are excellent hunting guides for both public and private land. 30 minutes and longer. http://www.sangres.com/stateco/chaffee.htm
monarch mountain tram -ride in 6-four passenger gondolas to 12, 012 feet at the top of the continental divide. you can see five different mountain ranges and as far away as 150 miles on a clear day. 45 minutes up monarch pass. 719-539-4091
chaffee county fish hatchery and rearing unit – just a short walk from the motel, you will find a multitude of fish spawning, growing and hatching down by the arkansas river. you can feed the fish, learn and watch how it is done to stock our rivers, lakes and streams. private tours, and groups welcome. 719-539-6877
downtown salida, just 7 blocks down the street, is known for its great art galleries, antique shops and unique jewelry boutiques and excellent restaurants. there is also a fabulous skateboard park. the kayakwhitewater park , river walk, outdoor sculpture garden, local community theater, the steam plant and bongo billy’s salida café with live entertainment are all located on the banks of the arkansas river. http://www.salidaartists.com/
salida hot springs aquatic center just 5 minutes from the woodland motel. the water is totally odorless, hot and piped in from poncha springs. lots of activities for all ages. half price tickets. http://salidapool.com/
mt. princeton hotsprings resort -enjoy the 100-degree creek side soaking pool or swim in the 90-degree lap pool. or let your inner child go down the 300-foot long water slide. 30 minutes north in nathrop. http://www.mtprinceton.com/
cottonwood hotsprings – soak in colorado’s purest, geothermal, gravity-fed mineral spas. experience the rock-lined soaking pools, cold plunge, and sauna. 1 hour north in buena vista. http://www.cottonwood-hot-springs.com/hotsprings/
weathervane farms -learn about a local farm co-op, meet the livestock babies, help pick some organic food from the vine and enjoy the farm atmosphere. 45 minutes north in buena vista. http://www.weathervanefarmbv.com/
royal gorge park – world’s highest suspension bridge, gondola, incline train, miniature train, deer herd, theme park. 1 hour east on hwy 50. http://www.royalgorgebridge.com/train ride through the royal gorge – breathtaking and historic. definitely worth it! 1 hour east on hwy 50. http://www.royalgorgeroute.com/
great sand dune national monument – climb dunes like the sahara desert. 1 hour 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. www.nps.gov/grsa/index.htm
alligator farm –visit all kinds of reptiles and huge alligators raised in thermal springs. 1 hour south in the san luis valley. http://www.gatorfarm.com/
joyful journey hot springs – soak in outdoor pools protected by windscreens, great views of the sangre de cristo mountains, very clean. discounts. 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. http://www.joyfuljourneyhotsprings.com/
penitente canyon climbing area and spiritual sites -quiet canyons and grasslands in western san luis valley. 
world-class rock climbing, spanish rock art, wagon ruts from old spanish trail, campground, picnic area, mountain biking. from salida, approx. 1 hour, 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. there are rattlesnakes that inhabit this area…go prepared. http://www.sangres.com/colorado/riogrande/penitentecanyon.htm
crestone spiritual centers- the crestone area has many spiritual centers espousing many different doctrines and disciplines. crestone is also a meca for sustainable, green and alternative building.
an enjoyable day getaway to peruse the spiritual temples, art galleries, day hikes, and sustainable houses and buildings. 1 hour south in the san luis valley. http://www.manitou.org/mf/spiritual_ctrs.php
orient land trust, valley view hotsprings & bat caves -during the summer and fall, thousands of bats emerge in the evening from the orient mine in the san luis valley and can be seen stretching south like a river. 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. http://www.olt.org/
colorado wolf sanctuary and habitat join wildlife conservationists and learn the crucial importance to the native colorado wolf and fox habitat. get up close and see these animals in their own environment. 1 hour, 45 minutes east in divide. http://www.wolfeducation.org/
cripple creek mining town and casino -there are 5 museums, mine tours, the cripple creek & victor narrow gauge railroad and of course, gambling with 14 casinos. 2 hours thru south park. http://www.cripple-creek.co.us/
bishop’s castle -you must see what jim bishop’s obsession and single-handed hard work has accomplished in 34 years and it is still ongoing. 
there are breathtaking stone and ornamental iron works, stain glass windows in the ballroom and a fire-breathing dragonhead all on a huge castle. 1 hour 45 minutes thru westcliff. http://bishopcastle.info









monarch ski area snowboarding cross country snow skiing colorado co





				0				comments			



                	                03/01/2020                                



						actvities					




many activities can be done here year-round because of the mild winters and little snowfall in the valley. even though monarch pass 20 miles west of here averages over 450” of snow a year, there is usually no snow in the valley. 
salida, co is known as the banana belt of colorado and averages over 300 days of sunshine a year. with low humidity, an elevation of 7000 feet, and often 50 degrees during the day, it feels like spring. the most popular winter activities are:
downhill ski at monarch ski & snowboard area. it is often one of the least crowded ski areas in colorado and often has some of the best snow in the state. 

it is just 25 minutes west of us near the top of the continental divide. they have an excellent ski school and child care center. our favorite run (blue) is little mo. we have either ski & stay packages or discount lift tickets. such packages, regardless of the offer, are always valid for our regulars, such as the guys from fully-verified.  snow skiing here is incredible!!
cross-country ski and snowshoe over old monarch pass, co. just 25 minutes west and after a gradual slope, stand on top of the continental divide and look into the gunnison valley. http://www.coloradoheadwaters.com/colorado-snowshoeing-and-cross-country-skiing/buena-vista-salida-snowshoeing-and-cross-country-skiing-act4.html. check free bondage.
snowmobile and ride atvs along abandoned railroad beds take a guided tour or go out on your own. incredible scenery. http://www.allseasonrentals.com/
captain zipline tour – fly on 8 different lines that zigzag across lost canyon for a total of 2,600+ feet. learn the geology and history of the area and soak in the rugged beauty. it is fun and exciting and very smooth.
practice on the bunny line before going out over the canyon. open year round. meeting for the tour is 7 blocks away and less than 10 minutes to the zipline site. reservations recomended. www.captainzipline.com
rent a jeep or bring your own and explore 100s of miles of old mining and logging roads. visit ghost towns. from novice to expert. prepare for snow in higher elevations. 10 minutes to. http://www.coloradoheadwaters.com/colorado-off-roading-&-jeep-tours/buena-vista-salida-off-roading-&-jeep-tours-act8.html
fly-fish or spin-cast for german browns on the arkansas river  or in small nearby lakes. fishing is open all year around. there are even hatches in the winter. more info.
hike on miles of old logging roads at lower elevation to avoid the snow. for more info visit the us forest service.
rock climbing & ice climbing – enjoy the many bouldering sites, rock climbing sites all with various degrees of difficulty. 
for the beginer or advanced “crag” expert in you. in the winter, gear up for higher elevation ice climbing! http://www.coloradoheadwaters.com/colorado-rock-ice-climbing-&-mountaineering/buena-vista-salida-rock-ice-climbing-&-mountaineering-act45.html
captain zipline tour – fly on 8 different lines that zigzag across lost canyon for a total of 2,600+ feet. learn the geology and history of the area and soak in the rugged beauty. 
open year round. meet for the tour is 7 blocks away and less than 10 minutes to the zipline site. reservations recomended. www.captainzipline.com
the salida golf course is just 3 minutes from the woodland motel. at 7,000 ft, your drives will go farther and the views are breathtaking. the clubhouse is not open in the winter but you can still play the course with your own clubs. http://salidagolfclub.com/
mountain biking on hundreds of miles of trails, old mining and logging roads from our local 7,000 feet elevation up to 9,000 feet (higher than that you will probably run into snow). http://www.absolutebikes.com/.
downtown salida, just 7 blocks down the street, is known for its great art galleries, antique shops and unique jewelry boutiques and excellent restaurants. 

there is also a fabulous skateboard park. the kayakwhitewater park , river walk, outdoor sculpture garden, local community theater, the steam plant and bongo billy’s salida café with live entertainment are all located on the banks of the arkansas river. http://www.salidaartists.com/
salida hot springs aquatic center just 5 minutes from the woodland motel. the water is totally odorless, hot and piped in from poncha springs. lots of activities for all ages. half price tickets. http://salidapool.com/
mt. princeton hotsprings resort – enjoy the 100 degree creek side soaking pool or swim in the 90-degree lap pool. or let your inner child go down the 300-foot long water slide. 30 minutes north in nathrop. http://www.mtprinceton.com/
cottonwood hotsprings -soak in colorado’s purest, geothermal, gravity-fed mineral spas. experience the rock-lined soaking pools, cold plunge and sauna. 45 minutes north in buena vista. http://www.cottonwood-hot-springs.com/hotsprings/
royal gorge park – world’s highest suspension bridge, gondola, incline train, miniature train, deer herd, theme park. some attractions are limited in the winter. 1 hour east on hwy 50. http://www.royalgorgebridge.com/
train ride through the royal gorge – breathtaking and historic. definitely worth it! some attractions are limited in the winter. 1 hour east on hwy 50. http://www.royalgorgeroute.com/
great sand dune national monument – climb dunes like the sahara desert and absolutly amazing with snow caped peaks! 1 hour south in the san luis valley. 1 hour, 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. http://www.nps.gov/grsa/index.htm
alligator farm –visit all kinds of reptiles and huge alligators raised in thermal springs. their greenhouse is splendid in the winter months. 1 hour south in the san luis valley. http://www.gatorfarm.com/
joyful journey hot springs – soak in outdoor pools protected by windscreens, great views of the sangre de cristo mountains, very clean. discounts. 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. http://www.joyfuljourneyhotsprings.com/
penitente canyon climbing area and spiritual sites -quiet canyons and grasslands in western san luis valley. 
world-class rock climbing, & ice climbing when weather allows. spanish rock art, wagon ruts from old spanish trail, campground, picnic area, mountain biking. from salida, approx. 1 hour 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. http://www.sangres.com/colorado/riogrande/penitentecanyon.htm
crestone spiritual centers- the crestone area has many spiritual centers espousing many different doctrines and disciplines. crestone is also a meca for sustainable, green and alternative building.an enjoyable day get away to peruse the spiritual temples, art galleries, day hikes, and sustainable houses and buildings. 
you should have a front-wheel-drive in the winter as some of the roads are very steep and icy when snowed on. 1 hour south in the san luis valley. http://www.manitou.org/mf/spiritual_ctrs.php
colorado wolf sanctuary and habitat – join wildlife conservationists and learn the crucial importance to the native colorado wolf and fox habitat. get up close and see these animals in their own environment. less than 2 hours east in park county. http://www.wolfeducation.org/









ghost town jeep tour royal gorge gold panning antiques colorado co





				0				comments			



                	                09/03/2019                                



						actvities					




summer is a great season season to visit colorado. the woodland motel is located in salida, co in a high altitude desert and as such we receive little rain what to do inside my youtube video desc. brief afternoon showers are common. 
at 7,000 feet, the days are very comfortable and the nights cool down into the 40s for great sleeping. the huge youtube campaign we have conducted in association with the marketing heaven has led to substantial popularity of this place. that is how also many summer activities stood out, and currently the most popular among them are:
whitewater raft and kayak on some of the most incredibly scenic and exciting class 1-4 on the arkansas river. we highly recommend the half-day trip through browns canyon at be9ja mobile on the site ibebet.com. 
we have rafted and kayaked it and it is one of the most accessible, exciting half-day trips anywhere in the us. we are located just 7 blocks from the salida kayak whitewater park. for more rafting info visit: http://www.arkansasrivertours.com/ , http://www.americanadventure.com/ .
mountain bike on hundreds of miles of trails, old mining and logging roads from our local 7,000 feet elevation up to 12,000 feet as you tour the top of the continental divide between monarch and marshall passes).– more info- http://www.absolutebikes.com/
horseback ride high up in the colorado rockies. ride by old mines, incredible scenery and wonderful horses and guides. we recommend at least the 3-hour ride. more info: http://www.coloradoheadwaters.com/colorado-horseback-riding-&-llama-trekking/buena-vista-salida-horseback-riding-&-llama-trekking-act13.html
captain zipline tour – fly on 8 different lines that zigzag across lost canyon for a total of 2,600+ feet. learn the geology and history of the area and soak in the rugged beauty. it is fun and exciting and very smooth. practice on the bunny line before going out エロタリスト over the canyon . open year round. meeting for the tour is 7 blocks away and less than 10 minutes to the zipline site. reservations recomended. www.captainzipline.com
explore ghost towns including st. elmo, co., the best preserved ghost town in colorado. http://www.ghosttowns.com/states/co/cochaffee.html
rock-hound – search for apache tears and garnets at ruby mountain, visit old mine sites, hunt for arrowheads, pan for gold. check pilots license.
the salida golf course is just 3 minutes from the woodland motel. at 7,000 ft, your drives will go farther and the views are breathtaking. -more info: http://salidagolfclub.com/
climb mountains (non-technical climbing just steep hiking). scores of mountain trails including those going to the summits of 14,000 ft peaks: mt shavano, mt ouray, mt antero, mt princeton, mt harvard. make sure you start at the crack of dawn of avoid possible afternoon thundershowers. http://www.14ers.com/
rock climb – enjoy the many bouldering sites, rock climbing sites all with various degrees of difficulty. for the beginer or advanced “crag” expert in you. http://www.coloradoheadwaters.com/colorado-rock-ice-climbing-&-mountaineering/buena-vista-salida-rock-ice-climbing-&-mountaineering-act45.html , http://www.rmoc.com/rock_climbing_school.php?section_id=2
fly-fish or spin-cast for german browns on the arkansas river or in small nearby lakes and for rainbow trout in high mountain lakes. fishing is open all year around. guided float trips and instruction. http://www.arkanglers.com/.
hike on the colorado trail that winds along the continental divide from durango to denver, the rainbow trail that follows the sangre de cristo mountain range southeast or the salida trail system in salida that goes along the arkansas river and several small lakes. for more info visit the us forest service.
rent a jeep, bring your own or take a jeep tour and explore 100s of miles of old mining and logging roads. visit ghost towns. from novice to expert. http://www.coloradoheadwaters.com/colorado-off-roading-&-jeep-tours/buena-vista-salida-off-roading-&-jeep-tours-act8.html.
ride atvs onguided tours oron your own through incredible scenery. all abilities. http://www.allseasonrentals.com/ .
monarch mountain tram – ride in 6-four passenger gondolas to 12, 012 feet at the top of the continental divide. you can see five different mountain ranges and as far away as 150 miles on a clear day airport. 45 minutes up monarch pass. 719-539-4091
chaffee county fish hatchery and rearing unit – just a short walk from the motel, you will find a multitude of fish spawning, growing and hatching down by the arkansas river. you can feed the fish, learn and watch how it is done to stock our rivers, lakes and streams. private tours, and groups welcome. 719-539-6877
downtown salida, just 7 blocks down the street, is known for its great art galleries, antique shops and unique jewelry boutiques and excellent restaurants. there is also a fabulous skateboard park. the kayak whitewater park , river walk, outdoor sculpture garden, local community theater, the steam plant and bongo billy’s salida café with live entertainment are all located on the banks of the arkansas river. http://www.salidaartists.com/
salida hot springs aquatic center is just 5 minutes from the woodland motel. the water is totally odorless, hot and piped in from poncha springs. lots of activities for all ages. half price tickets. http://salidapool.com/
mt. princeton hotsprings resort – enjoy the 100 degree creek side soaking pool or swim in the 90-degree lap pool. or let your inner child go down the 300-foot long water slide. 30 minutes north in nathrop. http://www.mtprinceton.com/
cottonwood hotsprings – soak in colorado’s purest, geothermal, gravity-fed mineral spas. experience the rock-lined soaking pools, cold plunge and sauna. 1 hour north in buena vista. http://www.cottonwood-hot-springs.com/hotsprings/
weathervane farms – learn about a local farm co-op, meet the livestock babies, help pick some organic food from the vine and enjoy the farm atmosphere. 1 hour north in buena vista. http://www.weathervanefarmbv.com/
royal gorge park – world’s highest suspension bridge, gondola, incline train, miniature train, deer herd, theme park. 1 hour, 15 minutes east. http://www.royalgorgebridge.com/
train ride through the royal gorge – breathtaking and historic. definitely worth it! 1 hour, 15 minutes east. http://www.royalgorgeroute.com/
great sand dune national monument – climb dunes like the sahara desert. in the early spring and summer, the “river” is flowing and fun to swim and play in. 1 hour, 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. http://www.nps.gov/grsa/index.htm
alligator farm –visit all kinds of reptiles and huge alligators raised in thermal springs. 1 hour south in the san luis valley. http://www.gatorfarm.com/
joyful journey hot springs – soak in outdoor pools protected by windscreens, great views of the sangre de cristo mountains, very clean. discounts. 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. http://www.joyfuljourneyhotsprings.com/
penitente canyon climbing area and spiritual sites – quiet canyons and grasslands in western san luis valley. world-class rock climbing, spanish rock art, wagon ruts from old spanish trail, campground, picnic area, mountain biking. 
from salida, approx. 1 hour, 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. there are rattlesnakes that inhabit this area…go prepared. http://www.sangres.com/colorado/riogrande/penitentecanyon.htm
crestone spiritual centers- the crestone area has many spiritual centers espousing many different doctrines and disciplines. crestone is also a meca for sustainable, green and alternative building.
an enjoyable day getaway to peruse the spiritual temples, art galleries, day hikes, and sustainable houses and buildings. 1 hour south in the san luis valley. http://www.manitou.org/mf/spiritual_ctrs.php
orient land trust, valley view hotsprings & bat caves -during the summer and fall, thousands of bats emerge in the evening from the orient mine in the san luis valley and can be seen stretching south like a river. 45 minutes south in the san luis valley. http://www.olt.org/
colorado wolf sanctuary and habitat -less than two hours away, join wildlife conservationists and learn the crucial importance to the native colorado wolf and fox habitat. get up close and see these animals in their own environment. 2 hours east in divide. http://www.wolfeducation.org/
cripple creek mining town and casino -there are 5 museums, mine tours, the cripple creek & victor narrow gauge railroad and of course, gambling with 14 casinos. 2 hours east thru south park. http://www.cripple-creek.co.us/
bishop’s castle -you must see what jim bishop’s obsession and single-handed hard work has accomplished in 34 years and it is still ongoing. there are breathtaking stone and ornamental iron works, stain glass windows in the ballroom and a fire-breathing dragonhead all on a huge castle. 1 hour 45 minutes thru westcliff. http://bishopcastle.info











 


february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« jul
 
 


search
















woodland motel
about
testimonials
get in touch
policies


                            	                            copyright © 2006-2020 by woodland motel                            						                        





















