






the pumphouse | pumps and irrigation systems from pool pumps to water tank pumps, water truck pumps, sump pumps, submersible pumps and fire pumps, and have local expertise in agricultural, industrial, commercial and domestic water management.

























(07) 5441 4644
sales@thepumphouse.com.au















home
products

turf & irrigation
industrial
agriculture
commercial solutions
domestic needs


services

design & installation
service & maintenance
electrical services


projects
testimonials
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 














pumping and irrigation specialists 
domestic • commercial • agricultural • industrial
30 years as your one stop shop for everything from materials, to complete design and installation for any system or application.
 
 
 









pump house projects 
design & installation
our success is the result of 30 years experience in design, installation and quality control.  complemented by our quality range of installation and maintenance equipment our team offer excellent advice and back-up service.
 
 
 









service, maintenance & back-up 
over 30 years of reliable service
the skills of our service and maintenance team have been continuously developed over 30 years of quality control. an extensive range of maintenance equipment, manufacturer training and fleet of vehicles our team offer excellent advice and back-up service.
 
 
 















the specialists in pumping & irrigation

from inception in 1986, the pump house has grown to include 4 store locations (nambour, gympie, beerwah and chinchilla), our own fabrication workshop, a fleet of over 30 fully equipped service vehicles, and a team of over 60 permanent staff.



 we carry leading brands including grundfos and davey, and offer a package of services including system design, custom manufacturing, site work, installation, electrical work and ongoing maintenance.
 australia is the driest continent on earth. water is perhaps our most precious resource. let the team at the pump house help you with a pumping or irrigation solution.



 
nambour • gympie • beerwah • chinchilla

follow








 







terms of trade
labour rates
equipment charges
warranty guidelines
privacy policy
website terms & conditions
 




© the pumphouse 2017 














