



home































home

menu


starters


pizza


basta pasta


salads


sandwiches


grilled burgers


for the kiddos


full menu



catering

specials

gallery

contact us

order online
 















pizza from the best part of chicago





go to full menu


catering menu




















welcome to taylor st. pizza wascoenjoy great food from the old neighborhood. 










taylor st pizza wasco has been serving great pizza and pasta to the wasco, campton hills, st charles and south elgin area for over 20 years….taylor st wasco always uses the freshest ingredients for each hand made pizza!!! simply the best!pizza and pasta from the old neighborhood!thank you for your support through these pandemic times.

 we're offering the best chicago style food.see what we offer. we create our famous food from the freshest ingredients available.




















pizzayour favorite pizza"from the old neighborhood"


go to pizza














basta pastafrom spaghetti to grandmas lasagna 


go to pasta






















sandwichesnothing beats our cheesy italian beef. we have all the best sandwiches.


see menu








catering you concentrate on having a good time,we will take care of food


see catering menu
































visit us in wasco

celebrating 20 years in wasco stop in for a fresh hot slice and a cold drink. we are available for fast pick up, dine in and delivery. taste for yourself why everyone loves our food. 
















don't take our word for it...read what our fans say about our food.


















the support we get from dave and the taylor street pizza in wasco team is above and beyond what we expect. from fundraising to working a concession stand. great food. great people  - st. charles north staff























there is a credit card useage fee added to all credit card transactions





























 2020 la food. all rights reserved. terms of use and privacy policy






















taylor st. pizzaagent  630-587-0123 

























 




