 big bear lake luxury cabin rentals | big bear lakefront cabins              
        skip to main content




menu
toggle navigation



909-547-6015 blog newsletterinstant quote | book nowinstant quote | book nowvacation cabins all rentalsvaction cabins by locationvacation cabins by amenitylakefront cabinspet friendly rentalshot tub rentals5-star rentalsdeals discounts on activitiesspecials & packages during your stayplan your trip things to doevents in big bearthe lakewintersummercabin owners owner faqsnew owner free analysisowner portalabout us about usour bloglocal weatherhouse policycancellation policycontact us contact usdirectionsjoin our newsletterfrequently asked questions




enter your arrival and departure date.arrive

enter your arrival and departure date.departguests
any
2+
4+
6+
8+
10+
12+
14+
16+
18+
20+

amenities
amenities

game room


hot tub


pets allowed


fire pit


5-star / luxury


views


fenced yard


single story cabin


washer & dryer


dock


ev selection


air conditioning
location

walk to the lake


close to the lake


walk to the slopes


close to the slopes


lakefront & lakeview


walk to the village


near the forest

book now  
book now  
book now  
book now  

vacation rentals


specials


our area


owners
welcome to big bear lakefront cabinssouthern california’s best kept secretbig bear lake cabin rentalswhen you stay with big bear lakefront cabins, you know you’ll be staying in the best big bear lake cabin rentals in southern california. unwind in a big bear luxury cabin with a private hot tub overlooking the san bernardino mountains. book one of our ski chalets near all the best skiing spots in southern california. play in the lake with your travel companions in our lakefront rentals. bring along your dog and explore the area’s hiking trails with a pet-friendly vacation rental nestled in the mountains. with cabins ranging in all sizes and locations, we know we have the perfect one for you!
view vacation rentalsspecials & packagesenhance your stay at big bear lakefront cabins with our specials and packages! get the most out of your vacation when you indulge in an add-on or two. whether you’re planning a romantic retreat in a big bear luxury cabin or a family vacation, our vacation rental specials will help you find the best big bear lake cabin rental in southern california.
learn moreour areaour big bear lake cabin rentals are located just minutes away from the lake where you can enjoy swimming, fishing and boating. hike or bike your way through the san bernardino national forest. venture to the area’s ski resorts to experience skiing and snowboarding on the famous bear mountain. relax in a mountain spa or venture to big bear village to spend the day dining and shopping. we’ve curated all the best attractions to help you experience more of southern california’s best-kept secret.
experience big bearownerslet big bear lakefront cabins take care of the stresses of vacation rental management for you! when you list your cabin with us, you can rest easy knowing you are in good hands. after being in the big bear lake cabin rental business for over 20 years, we are experts in property management!
learn morevacation rentals
our rentalsfind the perfect cabin for you! with over 50 cabins you can find the perfect cabin with the amenities and location best suited to you and your family.
lakefront & viewbig bear lake is right at your fingertips with our lakefront & lake view cabins! not only do these properties have gorgeous views, many also have access to docks for fun in the water.
cabins with a hot tubare you planning a getaway to big bear? make sure you get a cabin with a hot tub to soak and relax in after a long day exploring or for a romantic night watching the stars!
pet-friendly cabinswhen booking your vacation in big bear, you may have additional family members with four legs! find a cabin that suits you and your furry besties to ensure the entire family can enjoy a vacation together.
close to slopesenjoy all that big bear has to offer in the summer or winter! from summer mountain biking and winter snowboarding and skiing!
game roomenjoy a game room in your cabin for some family fun time! additional amenities make your experience in big bear even better.featured properties

a snowmass haven


juniper chalet


moonlight lodge


lakefront raccoons nest


yogi bear den


winterfell lodge

view all propertiesspecials

 free 4th night for winter!

 fourth or fifth night free for thanksgiving

 free 3rd night for oktoberfest in big bearview all specialsour blog
family friendly fun in big bear: the ultimate guide for parentswhen it comes to creating unforgettable family fun, big bear is the place to be. nestled in the san bernardino mountains, this charming town offers a blend of adventure, relaxation, …


 
winter’s hidden gems in big bear lakethis blog is perfect for the favorite winter destination for hidden gems in big bear lake! but beyond the popular ski slopes lies a treasure trove of hidden gems waiting …


 
romantic things to do for valentine’s day in big bearvalentine’s day is the perfect excuse to escape to the mountains for a romantic getaway in big bear. big bear offers an enchanting winter setting where couples can enjoy cozy …


 
more postscontact usbig bear lakefront cabins
41011 big bear blvd
suite b
big bear lake, ca 92315
909-547-6015
info@bigbearlakefrontcabins.combig bear lakefront cabins41011 big bear blvd suite bbig bear lake, ca 92315email: info@bigbearlakefrontcabins.comphone: 909-547-6015url: https://bigbearlakefrontcabins.com/https://bigbearlakefrontcabins.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/bblc-final-logo.png$facebookinstagramyelpuseful linksabout usownersthings to docontact usblogprivacy policywebsite accessibility policyhouse rules (good neighbor policy)cancellation policyjoin our newslettersubscribe to our newsletter for 10% off your next reservation!subscribe todaylocal weatherlooking for the current weather and 7 day forecast for big bear?big bear weather© big bear lakefront cabins 2024. all rights reserved. website design by q4launch.                      

email
call  

