






 wurlitzer 165 catalog




 180 -- click here for a list of known wurlitzer
        style 180 band organ rolls -- 180 

150 -- click here
        for my online catalog of known style 150 band organ rolls -- 150

125 -- click here
        for mike grant's online catalog of known style 125 band organ
        rolls -- 125



 


a catalog of music rolls

for the

wurlitzer military band organ

style 165

 

glen echo park band organ
(courtesy of our late friend mark s.
              chester)
 

compiled by
        gary watkins
        
        revised by
        matthew o. caulfield
        
        associate editors
        andrew lardieri, daniel robinson
        







 
first edition june 1969
        revised most recently feb. 1, 2025
(click here
            for details)



**************************************************************************************



this catalog is a small monument to
 


farny r. wurlitzer (1883-1972)

and
the artisans of the rudolph wurlitzer company
 


who created the organs
and the music 
we cherish




april 2024

this website is hereby dedicated to the memory of
          matthew o. caulfield (1933 -- 2024). this catalog was his
          masterwork.

          for a short write-up that barely scratches the surface of this
          great life, go to
https://www.mmdigest.com/archives/digests/202404/2024.04.22.01.html

        for a eulogy from andrew lardieri, click


























          here
 






 
to hear some tunes
                          played on real wurlitzer style 165 band
                          organs, in mp3 or realaudio format, go to the
                        sound files section
of this catalog.


 if you are
                            searching for a particular bit of wurlitzer
                            history or musical information and do not
                            find it on this website, please email us with your
                            question. it would be a pleasure to try to
                            answer it.

                            a catalog of this size and complexity is
                            bound to contain errors. i want to thank
                            andrew "eagle-eye" lardieri, a young
                            enthusiast in voorhees, new jersey, for his
                            amazing help in ferreting out and notifying
                            me of errors, chiefly in the tune index. we
                            are getting closer to perfection, but not
                            there yet and your corrections are still
                            welcome. --mc

note: andrew will
                          cease commissioning style 165 rolls in 2026
                          and begin arranging
                          music for european-built concert organs. for
                          more information, click
























                            here and here.
   
 
                              contents 


dedication
a note about the november
                            1986 revision
introduction
section i. 
                            rolls issued by the rudolph wurlitzer
                            company

rolls 6501 to
                            6600 (including roll 6500, not by wurlitzer)
rolls 6601 to 6671
rolls 6672 to 6690
                            (six-tune rolls)
section ii.
                             rolls not issued by the rudolph
                            wurlitzer company
a. manufactured by allan herschell company
                          (roll 6691)
                          b. manufactured by t.r.t. manufacturing
                          company (new rolls
                            6692 to 6724)
                          c. manufactured by t.r.t. manufacturing
                          company (reissued
                            wurlitzer tunes, reusing old wurlitzer roll
                            nos. 6668 to 6676)
                          d. manufactured by c.w. parker, leavenworth,
                          kan. (bacigalupi




















































































                            special roll)
                          e. manufactured by michael l. kitner (roll eur-165-1)
                          f. manufactured by holton roll co. (unnumbered roll)
                          g. manufactured by play-rite music rolls, inc.(play-rite
                            rolls)
 1. play-rite composites of six-tune
                            rolls issued by wurlitzer or t.r.t. (rolls
                              6672-6674 to 6723-6724)
                            2. miscellaneous play-rite composites (rolls 6500b,
                              6578-6606, 6720 and operatic composites)
                            3. play-rite program rolls (rolls 6800 to
                              6819)
                            4. rolls with new music by contemporary
                            arrangers (rolls
                              xxx, m-g-r music #1 and numbered rolls
                              6820 and onward) 

section iii. 
                            adaptations of b.a.b. 66-key music to the
                            style 165 scale 
(b.a.b. historical background)

                          a. rolls with
                            letters assigned by play-rite
                          b. adaptations
                            of original b.a.b. rolls 001 to 044
                          c. adaptations
                            of wurdeman custom-made b.a.b.
                          composites

appendix
a. a note
                          on wurlitzer band organs and their rolls,
                          including a table of all style 165 band organs
                          made by wurlitzer 
                          b. wurlitzer band organ roll
                            numbering
                          c. scale
                            specifications for the style 165 roll
                          d. organs
                          using the style 165 roll
                          e. observations
                          on roll makers and arrangers
                          f. wurlitzer roll perforators
                          g. 66-key
                            b.a.b. rolls 001 to 044

tune index
                          (one searchable file, a to z)
historical
                              wurlitzer pictures
new façade for
                              seabreeze park band organ,
                          installed september 6, 2013.
sound files,
                          including all of the tunes not yet identified.

links




















































































                              to other resources






a note about the november
                            1986 revision
 

when i began to compile a complete list of
                            wurlitzer style 165 military band organ
                            rolls two years ago, i had no idea that i
                            was re-plowing thoroughly plowed ground.
                            fortunately, rosemary deasy, the present
                            owner of the griffith park merry-go-round,
                            informed me that gary watkins, of sun
                            valley, ca, had been researching style 165
                            rolls since 1969 and had produced a catalog,
                            which was then in its second edition, second
                            revision.
gary graciously sent me a copy of his
                            catalog and shared with me many supplemental
                            observations and theories. i, in turn, was
                            able to supply information about five rolls
                            not known to him. it was gratifying to both
                            of us to find that in several important
                            respects we had independently come to
                            similar conclusions. we had both, for
                            example, postulated a hiatus of roll numbers
                            between rolls 6578 and 6606.
many people had collaborated in my two year
                            information gathering process, and i had
                            promised them copies of the catalog that i
                            expected to produce. but that catalog is not
                            to be. therefore, gary has generously
                            consented to my making copies of his
                            splendid catalog, adding the information
                            that i have gleaned, and providing the
                            result to interested persons. he also gave
                            me a list of corrections he had intended to
                            make in his next revision; those have been
                            incorporated here.
four previously unknown rolls (6639, 6650,
                            6661, and a second as-yet-unidentified
                            march/waltz roll) have been added to the
                            catalog, roll 6670 has been removed from the
                            "no known copies" category, and the index
                            has been revised to include new tune
                            titles--these are the major changes made in
                            this revision. there are numerous lesser
                            changes and additions on other pages. in
                            every case i assume the blame for any
                            errors; all credit for the existence of this
                            catalog as you have it in your hands is due
                            to gary watkins. 
 

matthew caulfield
                            library of congress
                            washington, d.c.
                            november 1986







introduction
 


general

this catalog attempts to list all known style
                          165 band organ rolls, including rolls known
                          only from catalogs or roll labels. the first
                          section lists the rolls manufactured by the
                          rudolph wurlitzer company. other sections list
                          rolls manufactured by its successors. listed
                          last are b.a.b. 66-key rolls which have been
                          converted to the wurlitzer style 165 scale,
                          and rolls made in recent years by independent
                          arrangers doing custom work. except as
                            noted in its listing, every roll has been
                            recut in enough multiple copies to ensure
                            its survival for years to come.
seabreeze amusement park, rochester, n.y.,
                          has the most complete collection of wurlitzer
                          and t.r.t. style 165 rolls in existence. for
                          details, see the last section of this
                          introduction. in the spring of 2009 three avid
                          style 165 roll fans -- myself, glenn thomas of
                          belle mead, n.j, and james h. drew iii of
                          augusta, ga. -- began a project, with the
                          assistance of rich olsen and of frank and
                          amanda himpsl (valley forge music rolls), to
                          replace all of the known missing tunes in our
                          copies of wurlitzer style 165 rolls. for
                          questions about roll availability, please
                          email us.
how many wurlitzer style 165 rolls still
                          exist? there are 106 surviving rolls of those
                          made by wurlitzer during its ten-tune era
                          (1914-1933). all have been recut. every
                          six-tune roll made from 1934 to the end of
                          t.r.t.'s production in 1967 exists and has
                          been recut as a 12-tune composite with another
                          six-tune roll to eliminate its
                          repetitiousness. that amounts to 20 six-tune
                          rolls from wurlitzer and 33 from t.r.t. one of
                          the 33, the t.r.t. christmas roll, 6712, was
                          not composited but recut in its original form
                          because of its nature.
each roll listing shows, to the extent known,
                          the title of each tune on the roll, the stage
                          revue or motion picture featuring the tune,
                          its composer, the date of first publication,
                          and the type of composition (fox trot, waltz,
                          one step, etc.). the date the roll was
                          originally issued is also shown, or an
                          estimated issue date is suggested for rolls of
                          unknown date, when it has been possible to
                          make such an estimate. finally, notes have
                          been added calling attention to significant
                          errors found on printed roll labels and giving
                          other information judged to be of interest to
                          readers of this catalog.
the original plan was to transcribe listings
                          exactly as they appear on the roll labels.
                          however, the labels on some wurlitzer rolls
                          are lost, having succumbed to hard use as have
                          many roll boxes and even the beginnings of
                          some rolls themselves. the labels for rolls
                          manufactured by the t.r.t. manufacturing
                          company name the publisher of the sheet music
                          for a tune (the influence of ascap and the
                          royalty-collection agencies) but not the
                          composer, and often give tune titles
                          inaccurately.
in order to correct label errors, secure
                          missing information, and determine the
                          approximate issue date of the rolls, all tunes
                          were checked against the records of the u.s.
                          copyright office in the library of congress,
                          washington d.c. this procedure revealed that
                          some of the information on wurlitzer labels
                          was also in error.
due to these factors, the primary source of
                          all the listings in this catalog is the record
                          in the copyright office. secondary sources, in
                          the order used, include the band organ roll
                          labels themselves, catalogs published by
                          wurlitzer, music reference books , sheet
                          music, phonograph records, and other music
                          rolls.
 


tune titles

titles are given as registered by the
                          composer or publisher with the copyright
                          office. when multiple registrations show
                          variations in the title, the title shown on
                          the earliest registration of the tune as a
                          published composition is the one used in this
                          catalog. it is normal to find multiple
                          registrations for the more popular tunes. the
                          earliest registration is usually for the tune
                          as an unpublished work, followed not much
                          later by a registration of the tune as a
                          published work. there may follow, over any
                          number of years, registrations for
                          arrangements of the tune for various
                          instruments or for various purposes.
when no date is shown for a tune in this
                          catalog, no registration for the tune could be
                          found in the copyright office. the tune may
                          have been copyrighted abroad, or it may not
                          have been copyrighted anywhere, or it may have
                          been copyrighted prior to the time reliable
                          records were kept by the copyright office
                          (roughly prior to 1898), or the
                          title/composer/publisher information known may
                          be insufficient to locate one registration
                          among the million tune registrations in the
                          copyright office. for example, it took many
                          years and a bit of luck to find the
                          registration for the tune named on roll 6702
                          as "brook's triumphal march." the roll was
                          produced in 1952. but the tune, when found,
                          turned out to be almost a half century older,
                          with the correct title being "brooke's
                          triumphal." assuming a search in the correct
                          chronological file in the copyright office
                          (the file containing registrations for
                          1898-1937), "brooke's" still is found nearly a
                          hundred cards distant from "brook's."
 


stage revues and motion picture data

the stage revues and motion pictures shown as
                          featuring a tune are usually the original
                          production or the production contemporaneous
                          with roll issuance. the information has been
                          taken from the copyright record or from the
                          following sources:

"blue book of broadway musicals" by jack
                            burton, century house, 1952
"blue book of hollywood musicals" by jack
                            burton, century house, 1953
"blue book of tin pan alley" by jack
                            burton, century house, 1951
"american popular songs: from the
                            revolutionary war to the present" by david
                            ewen, random house, 1966.

 


composer credits

our intent is to show only the composer of
                          the music for each tune, not the author of the
                          lyrics. however some copyright records say
                          "words and music by" a & b, leaving it
                          unclear which is the composer. the listings in
                          this catalog show the composer credits as
                          recorded in the copyright office, even when in
                          conflict with the credits on the roll label.
in some cases where a tune's composer is not
                          given in the roll data, we find dozens of
                          compositions with the same title registered in
                          the copyright office by different composers
                          (e.g. for "dream" there are 168
                          registrations). in most cases it has been
                          possible to identify the correct composer. but
                          when that has not been possible--as for
                          example in the case of a lost roll where it is
                          not possible to audition the tune--two or more
                          of the most likely identifications are
                          suggested.
 


individual tune dates

as already stated, the copyright office
                          records are the primary source for the dates
                          given in this catalog, and where multiple
                          dates for multiple registrations are found,
                          the date recorded here is the date found for
                          the first published version of a tune. that
                          date best serves the original purpose for
                          researching tune dates: to estimate the
                          release dates of the rolls. it was initially
                          presumed that style 165 rolls were released
                          when the tunes on the rolls were at the height
                          of their popularity, and that the date the
                          tunes were first published would be a good
                          indication of that peak. that premise has been
                          borne out by experience in all but a few
                          cases, notably certain rolls numbered from
                          6501 to 6537, which are discussed below.
when only a registration for an unpublished
                          version of a tune could be found in the
                          copyright office, the date of that
                          registration has been used. this situation
                          seldom occurred, because the music usually
                          chosen for inclusion on style 165 music rolls
                          was popular--and therefore published--music
                          that would have been diligently copyrighted.
                          it is unlikely that sheet music for an
                          unpublished composition would find its way
                          into wurlitzer's hands to be selected for
                          inclusion on a roll.
the wurlitzer factory in north tonawanda,
                          n.y., may well have had standing arrangements
                          with certain music publishers to receive their
                          published sheet music. the vandersloot music
                          publishing company, located in williamsport,
                          pa., 150 miles south of the wurlitzer factory,
                          seems to have published a large share of the
                          rather undistinguished tunes found on early
                          wurlitzer band organ rolls. was that perhaps
                          due to a mutually beneficial working
                          arrangement between the two companies?
in the case of very old american
                          compositions, classical tunes, and foreign
                          compositions--categories for which there are
                          no useful copyright records--the year of
                          composition or date of first performance found
                          in other reference is shown.
 


type of composition

the type designation (waltz, fox trot, one
                          step, etc.) is derived almost exclusively from
                          the roll label. the copyright office only
                          rarely indicates the type of composition on
                          the file card (with the exception of marches).
                          copyright laws do require the deposit of two
                          copies of the sheet music in the library of
                          congress as a condition of registration, and
                          these copies would reveal the type of
                          composition. however, the sheet music copies
                          were not normally examined in preparing this
                          catalog due to the tremendous amount of time
                          that would be required and due to the fact
                          that in the process of arrangement for the
                          band organ, a fox trot could become a waltz or
                          vice versa. a case in point is the waltz
                          arrangement of "ciribiribin" on roll 6529 and
                          the fox trot arrangement on roll 6682.
 


wurlitzer roll numbering and dating

wurlitzer's earliest style 165 rolls, rolls
                          number from 6501 to 6537, present a rather
                          confusing and complex picture. for them, see
                          the next section, titled "rolls 6501-6537:
                          what was wurlitzer up to?"
rolls numbered from 6538 upwards to the end
                          of roll production (6724), covering the period
                          1918 to 1967, present a clear picture of rolls
                          issued in chronological sequence at regular
                          intervals (t.r.t. rolls 6668 to 6676 must be
                          excluded from the picture; they are mere
                          duplicates, both in numbering and in contents,
                          of earlier wurlitzer rolls). the intervals
                          varied over the life of the roll business,
                          depending on the market and industry
                          economics, but in any given year band organ
                          owners were assured of having a predictable
                          number of new rolls available for purchase.
earlier editions of this catalog could only
                          estimate the issue dates for most of these
                          rolls, based on dating the individual tunes on
                          the rolls, as explained above. late six-tune
                          rolls were the only ones that could be dated
                          precisely, because their labels carry a date
                          code in the lower left corner. the code
                          "71840," for example, indicates a roll issued
                          july 18, 1940, while "2242" indicates a
                          february 2, 1942, release date.
in 1988 richard j. howe, of houston, tex.,
                          generously made available to us copies of all
                          the original wurlitzer monthly roll bulletins
                          in his collection which listed one or more
                          band organ rolls. the bulletins significant
                          for the study of style 165 rolls cover the
                          period from november 1917 to june 1923, with
                          only a one-month lacuna (january 1921). the
                          period from october 1923 to august 1925 is
                          more imperfectly covered, lacking 7 issues
                          (jan. 1924, apr. 1924, jan. 1925, mar. 1925,
                          may-july 1925). altogether a remarkable
                          collection! we have subsequently received a
                          copy of the may 1925 bulletin from harvey
                          roehl.
consequently, exact issue dates can be now
                          shown for many rolls, the contents of many
                          lost rolls can be given, and the pattern of
                          parallel roll numbering for rolls 6501 to 6537
                          can be seen and perhaps understood.
for some rolls to which an exact date of
                          issue still cannot be assigned, an estimated
                          issue date is shown, derived from the dates of
                          the tunes on the roll and from the issue dates
                          of the rolls before and after it. only a range
                          of four months has been used: "early," "mid-,"
                          or "late" with respect to a given year. the
                          period selected was additionally verified by
                          noting issue dates for piano rolls and
                          recording dates for phonograph records.
 


rolls 6501-6537:
                              what was wurlitzer up to?

the rolls numbered from 6501 to 6537 are in
                          many regards not typical of the other style
                          165 rolls issued by wurlitzer. the foremost
                          point of difference is that for many of them
                          there exist two different rolls with the same
                          number. although recuts of these rolls have
                          been assigned letters a and b to distinguish
                          them when both versions of a number have been
                          recut, wurlitzer did not do this, suggesting
                          that the two versions were never stocked and
                          sold at the same time. examination of these
                          roll pairs reveals that in each case one of
                          the rolls contains tunes popular when the roll
                          was issued--and invariably this roll is the
                          earlier of the two, when it is possible to
                          date each of the pair. the other roll contains
                          tunes of more lasting popularity, "evergreens"
                          so to speak--and all of those that can be
                          assigned dates were issued after mid-1921,
                          whereas all the popular-tune rolls of the
                          pairs were issued between 1914 and 1918.
the phenomenon of twin rolls does not extend
                          beyond roll 6537; that is a known fact. it is
                          more difficult to say whether the phenomenon
                          began with roll 6505, the earliest roll we
                          know of that contains popular tunes of the
                          year, or whether there might have been such
                          rolls numbered from 6501 to 6504. perhaps
                          someday wurlitzer monthly roll bulletins for
                          1914 and 1915 will surface to answer these
                          mysteries.
examination of the tune titles on the
                          evergreen rolls will show that many of the
                          tunes on these rolls have also appeared on
                          rolls of the popular-tune type. in fact a few
                          of the rolls are duplicates, or near
                          duplicates, of rolls issued earlier, though
                          perhaps numbered higher in the 6500s.
                          surviving roll masters in the herschell
                          carrousel factory museum bear proof of the
                          reuse and renumbering of tunes: old stamped
                          indicia of roll number and tune position have
                          been altered by cutting away the top layer of
                          cardboard where numerals needed to be changed
                          and over-stamping with the new, correct
                          digits.
all evidence points to the conclusion that
                          wurlitzer originally viewed the style 165 roll
                          market in the same fashion as record
                          manufacturers view their market today: buyers
                          want the hit tunes of the moment, and rapid
                          turnover is good for everybody. indeed,
                          wurlitzer advertising carried two watchwords
                          month after month: "buy new rolls to keep
                          ahead of the competition," and "positively no
                          rolls exchanged." but by 1921 the idea must
                          have developed of offering, in addition to the
                          popular-tune rolls which would be sold for a
                          short time only, a class of rolls containing
                          tunes of lasting popularity, which would be
                          kept permanently in stock, the class of rolls
                          which we have come to call "evergreens."
                          unfortunately for historians of the roll
                          business, a decision seems to have been made
                          to assign numbers to these rolls that had once
                          been used for earlier rolls no longer stocked.
                          the only benefit of this decision that we can
                          see is that it allowed the company to group
                          its evergreen rolls together in the early
                          6500s and, by starting afresh in 1921 with the
                          6600 numbering, to keep its ongoing
                          popular-tune series separate from it.
if this theory is correct, it should follow
                          that owners who purchased their style 165 band
                          organs in the mid-1920s or later should not
                          have been able to purchase any of the
                          popular-tune 6500 rolls, but should have been
                          able to purchase evergreen 6500 rolls. there
                          is evidence that this was, in fact, the case.
                          the free rolls that came with the seabreeze
                          band organ in 1931 and the griffith park band
                          organ in 1939 were evergreens. 
the rolls we know as 6501, 6502, and 6503 are
                          clearly evergreen rolls. they have the
                          character of the evergreen series, and do
                          appear in a comprehensive catalog listing all
                          the evergreens which was printed by wurlitzer.
                          ross r. davis had a copy of that catalog, a
                          paper-bound, red-cover catalog, which has
                          since disappeared. fortunately those data were
                          copied from that catalog by gary watkins
                          before it disappeared, because the evergreens
                          went unlisted in wurlitzer's monthly roll
                          bulletins until roll 6528 (march 1921).
                          moreover rolls 6501, 6502, and 6503 are
                          commonly found in roll collections, including
                          those of owners of organs purchased in the
                          1920s.
one question that we cannot answer from what
                          we now know is, with what number did wurlitzer
                          begin its style 165 roll series in 1914? it is
                          simplest to assume wurlitzer began with roll
                          6501. but it may have begun with roll 6505
                          (1914), the earliest surviving roll. the roll
                          we know as 6500 is certainly not the earliest
                          style 165 roll issued. it includes several
                          1919 tunes, and we now believe it is not even
                          a wurlitzer roll, as our notes to its catalog
                          entry indicate. the existing rolls 6501, 6502,
                          and 6503 are evergreens, not original
                          1914-1915 rolls. this is proven by three
                          characteristics: their content, their
                          prevalence in collections today, and the fact
                          that popular-tune roll 6505 (1914-early 1915)
                          contains two marches found on rolls 6501 and
                          6502, something wurlitzer would not have done
                          had the three rolls been issued so soon after
                          each other.
it is odd that while the other 36 evergreens
                          have all been identified and their contents
                          known, roll 6504 is still a mystery. we have
                          never found any information about it. but it
                          is difficult to believe that wurlitzer skipped
                          that number in producing its evergreen rolls.
                        
the reason we suggest that wurlitzer might
                          have begun numbering its first style 165 rolls
                          with roll 6505, not 6501, is that there are a
                          few cases we know of where the company began a
                          roll series with the fifth number in the
                          series. the numbering of the style 125
                          long-roll-tracker-frame roll series, for
                          example, seems to have begun with roll number
                          3005, while the style 150 long-roll series
                          seems to have begun with roll 13005. we
                          speculate that the first four numbers might
                          have been reserved for rolls not advertised
                          but given free with each new organ purchased.
                          in this connection it is interesting to note
                          that, when wurlitzer jumped from the 6500
                          series to the 6600 series in issuing style 165
                          rolls, it seems to have begun not with roll
                          6600 or 6601, but with roll number 6605.
 


b.a.b. roll numbering and dating

the b.a.b. organ company, brooklyn, n.y.,
                          issued just 44 66-key band organ rolls, the
                          only size b.a.b. roll which has been converted
                          to the wurlitzer style 165 scale and therefore
                          the only b.a.b. roll series of interest to
                          this catalog. its first 66-key roll, 001, was
                          probably issued in 1928. its last roll, 044,
                          was issued in 1957. all b.a.b. rolls numbered
                          higher were manufactured on a custom basis,
                          using original b.a.b. masters, by oswald
                          wurdeman and later by his son thomas wurdeman,
                          of minneapolis. the wurdemans manufactured
                          custom b.a.b. rolls of various sizes besides
                          the 66-key size that interests us here, but
                          all were numbered serially beginning with roll
                          300 and reaching almost to roll 600. only
                          b.a.b. rolls up to 044 can be dated from their
                          contents; the wurdeman composites cannot be
                          dated to the year of their creation because
                          any one roll could contain any combination of
                          tunes from across the years. moreover the
                          unpredictability of tune dates on wurdeman
                          composites makes it sometimes difficult, in
                          the absence of composer credits, to identify a
                          tune from its title alone.
 


roll length

wurlitzer probably began to issue style 165
                          rolls in mid-1914. the first style 165 band
                          organ was shipped on april 15, 1914. that
                          event is the best evidence for when the first
                          style 165 roll would have been made, lacking
                          roll literature for the period.
the company had been selling its smaller
                          organ rolls (styles 125 and 150) a little
                          previous to marketing the larger style 165
                          roll. at that point the company standardized
                          their band organ roll production on these
                          three sizes. previously each band organ model
                          used a roll unique to it, e.g. a style 155
                          roll for the old style 155 (or monster) band
                          organ and a style 160 roll for the style 160
                          (mammoth) band organ. the style 125 roll and
                          the style 150 roll were both produced in two
                          different lengths: a short roll containing no
                          more than 4 tunes, and a longer roll generally
                          containing 10 tunes, for the "long roll
                          trackerframe." most tunes were available in
                          either format. by the time the first style 165
                          band organ was manufactured, the company must
                          have been equipping its organs only with the
                          long roll tracker frame, because the style 165
                          roll was not issued in two different formats
                          at any time; the ten-tune roll was standard
                          from the beginning. although a few shorter
                          rolls were made in the 6500 series, they were
                          exceptions to the norm and did not constitute
                          a separate roll series as was the case for
                          style 125 and style 150 rolls.
with the switch to the 6600 series, short
                          rolls disappeared entirely from the picture.
                          the normal roll was a ten-tune roll, though
                          generally the tunes were each a little shorter
                          than the typical tune on a 65xx roll. this,
                          together with tempo differences between 6500
                          and 6600 rolls (see "roll tempo" below)
                          resulted in 66xx rolls being a bit smaller
                          than most 65xx rolls. this situation obtained
                          until 1934. in that year wurlitzer, yielding
                          to economic pressures, cheapened its product
                          significantly by adopting as the standard
                          format a six-tune roll, which it advertised as
                          "length of a ten-tune roll." arrangement
                          costs, which were then--and still are--the
                          significant costs associated with music roll
                          making, were reduced by arranging a verse, a
                          chorus, and a transition for each tune. these
                          short passages were then used to produce one
                          of the six tunes on the roll by repeating them
                          over and over until one-sixth of a standard
                          (ten-tune-length) roll had been filled. the
                          result is that, while some good arrangements
                          were produced after 1933, band organ tunes on
                          six-tune rolls sound endlessly repetitious -
                          because they are.
recuts of six-tune rolls made by play-rite
                          avoid this shortcoming by combining two
                          six-tune rolls into one 12-tune roll,
                          shortening each tune accordingly and
                          alternating the tunes to preserve the proper
                          tempo.
it might be remarked here that the rolls from
                          the ember days of the band organ business seem
                          to be arranged with less delicacy than earlier
                          rolls, producing more sheer volume. that may
                          have been a shrewd tactic to make organs not
                          kept in good repair sound better than they
                          otherwise might; it takes a well-maintained
                          machine to handle a subtle solo passage
                          arranged for a minimum number of pipes.
 


roll tempo

a problem inherent in roll music which is not
                          encountered with book music is that, as the
                          music paper builds up on the take-up spool of
                          the tracker frame, the speed with which the
                          paper is drawn across the tracker bar
                          increases, due to the fact that the take-up
                          spool (which pulls the paper) turns at a
                          constant number of revolutions per minute and
                          the fact that the diameter of the take-up
                          spool is steadily increasing. therefore tunes
                          in the latter part of a roll must have longer
                          perforations for a note of a given duration
                          than would be required for the same note in
                          tunes at the beginning of the roll.
wurlitzer production perforators solved this
                          problem ingeniously. automatic tempo
                          compensation was built into the
                          paper-advancing mechanism of wurlitzer
                          production perforators: as the perforation
                          process moved along from the beginning to the
                          end of the roll, the distance the paper was
                          advanced underneath the punching dies--which
                          cut the countless tiny holes forming each
                          note--was incrementally increased at each
                          punching stroke, the result being that the
                          perforations became longer as the process
                          moved down the roll. tune masters were marked
                          by staff arrangers and punched to run the
                          perforators without any consideration of where
                          on a roll the tune would fall, meaning that
                          all masters could be marked and perforated
                          with notes of standard length. the same master
                          could be run to make tune 2 on one roll and
                          later to make tune 7 on a different roll.
                          examination of surviving masters in the
                          herschell carrousel factory museum proves that
                          this was done many times in creating the
                          second series of rolls 6501-6537 (see below).
like many blessings, this feature had a
                          drawback--rather minor, indeed, and noticeable
                          only in the playing of the last tunes on some
                          rolls, in some notes on some organs. it
                          derives from the fact that, as the spacing
                          increases between the individual punchings
                          that make up a perforation for a long,
                          sustained note (where bridging is required at
                          intervals in the chain perforation, in order
                          to prevent undue weakening of the paper by
                          what would otherwise be a long slit in the
                          paper), the bridges may get large enough to
                          cover the organ's tracker bar hole
                          sufficiently to cause the pneumatics to very
                          briefly interrupt the sounding of the pipe.
                          whether this happens or not is a function of
                          bridge size in relation to the bleed capacity
                          of the primary pneumatic associated with the
                          particular pipe. when it does happen, the
                          result is a slight but audible stutter of the
                          pipe, though it may not necessarily be judged
                          unattractive.
the perforators used by play-rite, working
                          not from masters but from original band organ
                          rolls, do not have any means of automatic
                          tempo compensation. therefore, the order of
                          tunes on a roll can be changed only within
                          narrow limits. it is for this reason that, in
                          combining two six-tune rolls into one 12-tune
                          roll, it was necessary to alternate tune 1 of
                          the first roll with tune 1 of the second roll,
                          followed by tune 2 of the first roll, and so
                          on. by cutting the length of each tune
                          approximately in half, proper overall tempo is
                          maintained while the listenability of the
                          tunes is vastly increased.
before leaving the subject of tempo, two
                          observations might be made. many rolls in the
                          6500 series do not pair up well with rolls in
                          the 6600 series on a dual tracker organ,
                          because those 6500 rolls need to be played at
                          a slower tempo than 6600 rolls. by and large
                          6600 rolls have less paper on them, need to be
                          played faster, and therefore finish faster
                          than most 6500 rolls. the reasons for these
                          differences are not entirely clear. but 6500
                          rolls could not have contained much more paper
                          than they do, and still fit on their roll
                          chucks. the slightly shorter tune length of
                          6600 rolls made them smaller and also may have
                          prompted the company to cut them at a slightly
                          slower tempo (longer note perforations, ergo
                          more paper per tune) than was possible with
                          the 6500 rolls. most rolls in the 6500 series
                          contained quick-paced two-steps or marches
                          alternating with waltzes, while the 6600 rolls
                          contained a preponderance of slower fox-trots
                          with a few waltzes. this was a reflection of
                          changing musical tastes and dancing styles
                          over the decades, but it may also have
                          influenced wurlitzer's roll-cutting practices.
the second observation concerns the tempo of
                          rolls 6501, 6502, and 6503 specifically (and
                          perhaps also 6529, which seems, in spite of
                          its numerical distance from the other three,
                          to be very much like them). while the tunes on
                          those rolls are very fine tunes, indeed, and
                          well arranged, the tempo of the rolls as a
                          whole leaves something to be desired. if an
                          organ's tempo control is set so that the first
                          few tunes on one of those rolls play at a
                          satisfactory tempo, then the tunes at the end
                          tend to race noticeably. if the tempo is set
                          so that the final tunes play well, then the
                          first tunes drag too much. were these rolls
                          perhaps manufactured before wurlitzer
                          developed automatic tempo compensation? not a
                          likely explanation, because copies of these
                          rolls purchased after 1925 for the seabreeze
                          park band organ exhibited the same problem.
                          some early play-rite recuts of these rolls do
                          too, although the problem seems to have been
                          corrected on later recuts (recuts containing
                          the copyright infringement notice lacking on
                          the earlier recuts).
 


composers' pseudonyms 
composer names have been recorded as found in
                          the sources used, e.g. copyright office
                          records. however it is known that some of
                          those names are pseudonyms. for example jaan
                          kenbrovin, composer of "i'm forever blowing
                          bubbles" is a group name for three composers
                          well-known under their individual names: james
                          kendis, james brockman, and nat vincent.
carl loveland, the name used on the waltz
                          "garden of lilies," hides the march virtuoso
                          harry j. lincoln, who also often wrote under
                          the name abe losch and that of one or another
                          of the vandersloots. similarly, william c.
                          polla used the pseudonym w. c. powell as well
                          as his real name. the hoover who collaborated
                          with onivas (another pseudonym; see the next
                          paragraph) on several tunes was joe hoover, a
                          pseudonym of j. russel robinson. on his
                          "little sweetheart of the prairie" william j.
                          (billy) hill used the pseudonym george brown.
                          the famous mary earl was a man who also
                          composed under his real name, robert a. king.
                          on the other hand, vaughn de leath was a
                          woman, leonora von derleath (married name
                          "geer"), who sometimes used gloria geer.
other composers seldom used their real names:
                          neil moret's real name was charles n. daniels;
                          horatio nicholls was legally lawrence wright;
                          d. onivas was an anagram for domenico savino;
                          jule styne was born julius k. stein; violinsky
                          was sol ginsberg; ross bagdasarian, composer
                          of "the chipmunk song (christmas don't be
                          late)" was actually david seville; alice
                          hawthorne was a man, septimus winner; sunny
                          skylar was selig shaftel's pseudonym; noel gay
                          was actually reginald moxon armitage.
some composer identities are so confused they
                          may never be properly sorted out. the
                          confusion over the authorship of the famous
                          march "repasz band" is well documented in
                          william h. rehrig's the heritage
                            encyclopedia of band music. in his
                          article on harry j. lincoln mr. rehrig tries
                          to sort out the works composed by lincoln
                          under his own name from those on which he used
                          any of several pseudonyms or the name of
                          another real composer such as charles c.
                          sweeley or one of the vandersloots, the
                          williamsport family of composer/publishers who
                          published many of lincoln's works until
                          lincoln bought the company in 1929 and moved
                          it to philadelphia. another lincoln mystery
                          mr. rehrig discusses is his relationship to e.
                          t. paull's "midnight fire alarm."
henry fillmore occasionally used the
                          pseudonym will huff, not knowing at the time
                          that there was a march composer of the same
                          name in his state. paul e. bierley's 1982 book
                          "the music of henry fillmore and will huff"
                          (isbn 978-0-918048-02-8) attempts to sort out
                          the confusion.
not exactly a pseudonym situation is the
                          confusion surrounding the identity of h. b.
                          blanke, composer of "francezka waltzes"
                          (1902), "hearts courageous" (1902), "stingy
                          moon" (1906) and "in the good old irish way"
                          (1907). she is probably the same person as
                          henriette blanke-belcher, composer of
                          "honey-land," "marsovia" (1908), and "telling
                          lies" (1910), where her name appears on the
                          sheet music as henrietta blanke belcher. she
                          is probably also the person who wrote "loyalty
                          waltz" (1918) and "butterfly waltzes" (1922)
                          under the name henrietta b. blanke-melson. 
(with acknowledgment to dick
                            baker, editor of stomp off records'
                            composer/title indexes; to mike grant's
                            wurlitzer style 125 roll catalog; and to wm.
                            h. rehrig's 3-volume band encyclopedia just
                            cited)
 


arrangers and arranging

too little is known about the identity of the
                          arrangers responsible for the music listed in
                          this catalog. we do know the names of four of
                          what must have been many: charles nilson,
                          sylvia schultz, john william tussing, and
                          ralph tussing.

                          only the masters of nilson and john w. tussing
                          clearly identify their work. nilson arranged
                          early masters, probably working until his
                          death. his funeral was march 12, 1924. masters
                          arranged by him carry the circled initials cn
                          in blue pencil. john w. tussing arranged from
                          the late 1930s until the end of wurlitzer's
                          band organ business. his masters are stamped
                          with his name. ralph tussing's work was
                          confined entirely (or mostly) to arranging
                          done after he purchased the band organ
                          business from wurlitzer/herschell. sylvia
                          schultz fits in chronologically somewhere
                          between nilson and j.w. tussing. she is known
                          from her name scratched into a wurlitzer
                          arranging table and from the reminiscences of
                          william haessler, an arranger for the rand
                          company (north tonawanda musical instrument
                          works), who dated her.

                          examination of markings on the masters shows
                          that the arrangers marked out verses and
                          choruses in pencil, as few times as necessary,
                          leaving notations for the ladies hired to do
                          the actual hand-punching of the cardboard,
                          showing where they should repeat verses and
                          choruses and how they should be altered if
                          necessary, to produce the finished tune
                          master. the names ruth and amelia are found on
                          some early masters as ladies who worked on
                          them in some way.
 


where are the originals?

as the catalog entries note, many original
                          rolls have disappeared entirely, and no
                          surviving copies have ever been found to be
                          copied as recuts. a few of those that did
                          survive to be recut (thus assuring
                          perpetuation of their music) were later
                          destroyed by fire. for the rest, catalog
                          entries attempt to show the current ownership
                          of the original from which recuts were made,
                          when the roll is in one of the smaller
                          collections. where no ownership is shown, the
                          chances are good that the original roll came
                          from the grand-daddy of all wurlitzer style
                          165 roll collections, the one built by ross r.
                          davis and later owned by don rand and ed
                          openshaw.

                          this very catalog, in fact, owes its existence
                          to the data generously provided to gary
                          watkins many years ago by don rand and to
                          don's interest in all kinds of mechanical
                          music and to wurlitzer style 165 band organ
                          music in particular.
 

 
recutting of original rolls

 for several years after ralph tussing
                            (t.r.t. manufacturing company) stopped
                            arranging and cutting band organ rolls,
                            style 165 rolls were nearly impossible to
                            acquire, especially in the pre-internet era
                            when communication between band organ owners
                            was difficult. by 1963 the davis family,
                            ross r. davis and his son, john o. davis, of
                            los angeles, had begun to investigate ways
                            of getting copies made of their extensive
                            collection of original wurlitzer rolls. out
                            of their efforts grew the activity of
                            play-rite music rolls, turlock, calif.,
                            where owner john malone developed high-speed
                            production perforators capable of copying
                            with fair accuracy original music rolls. up
                            to that point wurlitzer rolls were produced
                            on perforators which worked from
                            three-to-one cardboard masters. that is,
                            each tune was hand-punched onto a separate
                            cardboard scroll using a punching scale that
                            was three times as long as the finished
                            music roll. ten of those cardboard masters
                            were needed to produced ten-tune rolls, and
                            approximately 20 copies were produced per
                            run.
 play-rite's perforator copied original
                            wurlitzer rolls on a one-to-one scale,
                            making approximately 18 copies per run at a
                            faster rate than was possible on the
                            wurlitzer perforators, partly due to the
                            higher speed at which the play-rite machine
                            ran, but mostly due to not having to work
                            with masters--changing them, backing them
                            up, and re-running them for the repeats
                            characteristic of many rolls, particularly
                            the later ones. ray siou, of oakland,
                            calif., retailed the wurlitzer rolls
                            produced by play-rite for 20 years until his
                            retirement about 1994. that ended the
                            plentiful and cheap supply of wurlitzer
                            rolls.
 then mike grant, of columbia city, ind.,
                            stepped into the breach, using a small
                            perforator capable of making four copies of
                            an original roll at a time. mike kitner, of
                            carlisle, pa., offered a hand-copying
                            service by which he could produce a dozen
                            copies of almost any kind of music roll on a
                            contract basis. but his untimely death at
                            the age of 56 on dec. 12, 2000, from bone
                            marrow cancer, which he had fought for
                            several years, has deprived us of his
                            service as well as of the society of a good
                            man and talented restorer. the herschell
                            carrousel factory museum in north tonawanda,
                            n.y., operates one of the original wurlitzer
                            production perforators, perforator #12,
                            using surviving original masters to make new
                            copies of wurlitzer rolls on the 3-to-1
                            scale just as wurlitzer did decades ago. in
                            2009 play-rite resumed making wurlitzer
                            recuts, and is today the only source of
                            volume recuts of wurlitzer rolls. valley
                            forge music rolls operates a laser
                            perforator capable of making single copies
                            of any music roll.
 


seabreeze park roll collection

seabreeze amusement park prides itself on
                            having the most complete and updated
                            collection of wurlitzer and t.r.t. style 165
                            rolls in the world. the collection includes
                            a copy, in the form of recuts, of every
                            known surviving roll issued from north
                            tonawanda from the beginning of production
                            in 1914 to the end in 1967. by design it
                            does not have any b.a.b. transcriptions, the
                            one exception being the presence of "junior
                            order march" on roll 6637 in place of the
                            missing unknown tune 1. but that tune has
                            been modified for the style 165 scale by the
                            addition of triangle and castanet
                            perforations not found on b.a.b.
                            transcriptions. besides the wurlitzer and
                            t.r.t. rolls, the park has all of the better
                            rolls arranged by modern-day arrangers.
the seabreeze collection began in 1931,
                            when george w. long bought a wurlitzer style
                            165 band organ (serial #4292) for the park's
                            carousel (ptc #36). by the time wurlitzer
                            stopped making rolls in 1945, he had
                            acquired the following rolls: 6501, 6502,
                            6503, 6512, 6519, 6529, 6535-a, 6633, 6634,
                            6639, 6641, 6643, 6644, 6651, 6655, 6660,
                            6661, 6666, 6670, 6672, 6673, 6674, 6677,
                            6678, 6680, 6681, 6682, 6683, 6684, 6688,
                            6689, 6690 and 6691. when recut rolls began
                            to be produced, george long's son-in-law
                            merrick price, who had a particular fondness
                            for the band organ and had taken charge of
                            it, began buying style 165 recuts from ray
                            siou, who sold them in one-dozen lots.
                            merrick also sent several original rolls
                            that were unique to the seabreeze collection
                            to play-rite for recutting. at the time of
                            the march 31, 1994, fire that destroyed the
                            carousel, band organ, all rolls, and so much
                            else in the park, the seabreeze collection
                            had been made fairly complete. but the fire
                            reduced it to zero.
the years 1994 and 1995 were a time of
                            rebuilding for seabreeze, and to accelerate
                            the process of rebuilding the band organ
                            department, i donated to the park my
                            extensive personal collection of style 165
                            rolls. after merrick price's death on
                            november 13, 1996, i took over the
                            maintenance of the band organ and the roll
                            collection.
when play-rite and ray siou started issuing
                            recuts of original rolls, carrying on work
                            that had been begun in the 1960s by ross
                            davis, they found that often the first tune
                            or two was missing from an original roll
                            they located for copying. this was caused to
                            some degree by the natural aging and
                            fragility of the first few windings of paper
                            on a roll, which were subject to attack by
                            light, air, and moisture (which the co2 in
                            the air turned acid). but the primary cause
                            was the frequent, often careless, handling
                            of the roll, as it was put on and taken off
                            the organ over the years. 
a good case in point is seabreeze's copy of
                            roll 6535-a from 1923. when i first heard it
                            around 1950, it was already missing the
                            first few measures of tune 1. when i
                            recorded it ten years later, one-third of
                            tune 1 was missing. as time went on, more
                            and more was lost, until finally there was
                            so little of tune 1 left that the roll was
                            re-leadered to begin with tune 2. and then
                            the wear started anew there. when
                            seabreeze's copy of 6535-a, the only known
                            copy, was sent to play-rite for recutting
                            around 1985 , all of tune 2 was gone, and
                            the roll as issued by play-rite began with
                            tune 3 of the original roll, but with two
                            substitute tunes from other rolls added to
                            replace the missing tunes 1 and 2. the
                            original roll perished in the 1994 seabreeze
                            fire. in 1989, using my 1960s recording and
                            the sheet music for tunes 1 and 2, i had
                            those tunes newly arranged, and play-rite
                            recut the roll anew, with all ten tunes on
                            it.
another reason for tunes being missing on a
                            roll, particularly when the tune is not at
                            the beginning of the roll, is an owner's
                            decision to remove certain tunes from a roll
                            for one reason or another. ross davis is
                            known to have done this more than once. he
                            probably had access to multiple copies of
                            rolls, since he was the spillman company's
                            west coast agent and a steady customer of
                            the rudolph wurlitzer company as well. he
                            created two all-waltz rolls and one roll
                            containing five marches from roll 6530 and a
                            fox trot from roll 6635. those three rolls
                            were created by taking tunes from other
                            rolls and splicing them together. the third
                            roll was long sought after by ray siou,
                            because the first tune on it was "bombasto,"
                            missing on the only known copy of roll 6530,
                            which he wanted to have play-rite recut
                            complete. but ray never did find the spliced
                            roll with "bombasto." so, when play-rite
                            recut 6530, they had to substitute another
                            tune. in 1999 i had tom meijer arrange
                            "bombasto" for me, thinking that the
                            original wurlitzer version would never be
                            found, and play-rite re-issued roll 6530
                            with tom meijer's "bombasto." in the summer
                            of 2010 glenn thomas acquired some rolls
                            from the estate of the late john maxwell,
                            and among the rolls was the spliced roll
                            with "bombasto." so now, we have the
                            original wurlitzer version of the march and
                            the meijer version to compare it with. the
                            wurlitzer version has been recorded but not
                            yet recut.
as time has passed, more complete versions
                            of rolls that were recut earlier by
                            play-rite have surfaced. in every such case
                            a copy of the complete rolls has been added
                            to the seabreeze collection. in addition, a
                            project was initiated in 2009 to have new
                            arrangements made for still-missing tunes.
                            those new arrangements, mostly by rich
                            olsen, have been spliced into seabreeze's
                            copy to make seabreeze's the most complete
                            collection of style 165 rolls in the world.
here is a list of the improved seabreeze
                            rolls for which earlier, less complete
                            versions also exist:
6505: new recut, with "high school
                            cadets" and "the veleta; new round dance"
                            replacing substitutes from roll 6537.
                            6517: complete 4-tune roll, one of only
                            three copies made from original roll.
                            6528/6537-a: tune order switched for better
                            tempo: "morning, noon, and night in vienna,"
                            "zampa," "william tell."
                            6530: new recut, with missing tune 1,
                            arranged by tom meijer, replacing play-rite
                            substitute.
                            6532: new recut of complete original roll,
                            with tunes 1 and 2.
                            6535-a: new recut, with missing tunes 1 and
                            2, arranged by david e. stumpf, replacing
                            play-rite substitutes.
                            6546: missing tunes 1 and 2, arranged by
                            rich olsen, added as tunes 9-10, replacing
                            play-rite substitutes.
                            6554: missing tune 1, arranged by rich
                            olsen, to replace b.a.b. version found on
                            some recuts as tune 3.
                            6570: missing tunes 1 and 2, arranged by
                            rich olsen, to replace play-rite
                            substitutes.
                            6578: missing tune 6, arranged by rich
                            olsen, added.
                            6606: missing tune 1, arranged by rich
                            olsen, added.
                            6607: new recut, with missing tunes 1 and 2,
                            arranged by bob stuhmer, replacing play-rite
                            substitutes.
                            6610: new recut of complete original roll,
                            with tunes 3 and 10.
                            6615: new recut of complete original roll,
                            with tune 1 replacing earlier play-rite
                            substitute.
                            6617: new recut of complete original roll,
                            with tune 2 replacing earlier play-rite
                            substitute.
                            6618: missing tunes 2, 3, and 10, arranged
                            by rich olsen, added to replace play-rite
                            substitutes.
                            6637: new recut, with "junior order march,"
                            adapted from a b.a.b. roll, in place of
                            missing, unknown tune 1.
                            6638: new recut of complete original roll,
                            with tune 1.
                            6639: removal of first two tunes, which were
                            erroneously added to play-rite recuts, to
                            restore roll to original 10-tune state.
                            6655: new copy made for seabreeze park to
                            speed up too-slow tune 1.
                            6658: missing tune 1, arranged by rich
                            olsen, added.
                            6703-6717: missing tune 12, "the convoy,"
                            erroneously replaced by duplicate copy of
                            tune 11 in recuts, restored.
                            6707-6708: tune 12, cut too short in
                            compositing process, lengthened.
copies of the missing tunes from rolls
                            6546, 6554, 6570, 6606, 6618, and 6658 were
                            made available by matthew caulfield to
                            interested parties for splicing onto their
                            respective rolls.
 



                              lost rolls and lost roll information

wurlitzer began marketing its style 165
                            band organ, which was the first organ to
                            play the style 165 roll, in 1914. between
                            1914 and september 1921, when wurlitzer
                            issued its last roll in the 65xx numbering
                            series (roll 6578) and began issuing its
                            rolls in the 66xx series, the earliest known
                            of which is roll 6605 (december 1921), the
                            company issued a total of approximately 75
                            to 79 65xx rolls. excluded from this count
                            is the special series of 37 rolls which we
                            now call the wurlitzer evergreen rolls.
the existence of its evergreen rolls, which
                            were produced from about 1918 to 1925,
                            greatly beclouds the picture of wurlitzer's
                            roll issuing operation. to get a clear
                            understanding of it, one must separate the
                            evergreens from the regular rolls. but
                            making the separation difficult is the fact
                            that the evergreen series re-used roll
                            numbers already assigned from 1914 to 1918
                            to wurlitzer's early, non-evergreen (popular
                            tune) rolls. although this numbering
                            decision causes great problems for
                            collectors and historians today, it caused
                            no problem to wurlitzer. wurlitzer never
                            intended, nor wanted, its customers to
                            preserve and continue to use its rolls once
                            the popularity of the tunes they contained
                            had waned. so regular rolls were kept in
                            stock by wurlitzer for only a brief period,
                            after which the rolls and their numbers
                            became obsolete.
by contrast, the tunes chosen for the new
                            evergreen roll series were ones that had
                            proven to be of lasting popularity, e.g.
                            viennese waltzes, sousa marches, operatic
                            melodies, to make rolls which wurlitzer
                            planned to keep in stock permanently. the
                            first evergreen roll was roll 6501 and the
                            last was roll 6537 (february 1925). the
                            issue date of evergreen 6501 is uncertain,
                            as is the date when the evergreen series was
                            inaugurated, because the evergreen rolls
                            were not announced in wurlitzer's monthly
                            roll bulletins (unlike its regular rolls),
                            until the series had reached roll 6528
                            (march 1921). wurlitzer's main method of
                            marketing its evergreen rolls seemed to be
                            by publishing a single catalog of those
                            rolls rather than announcing each release in
                            a monthly roll bulletin.
because the evergreen rolls were listed in
                            one catalog, the contents of all but one of
                            the 37 rolls are known (the exception being
                            roll 6504), and most of those rolls survive
                            today, because wurlitzer sold them for
                            years. only ten of them do not survive, they
                            being mostly cuban rolls or short three-tune
                            rolls.
but the regular rolls present an entirely
                            different picture. of the 75 or so regular
                            rolls issued in the 65xx series and only
                            stocked while their popularity lasted, the
                            contents of 56 of them are known. the
                            primary reason for so many gaps in our
                            knowledge of these rolls is that copies of
                            wurlitzer's monthly roll bulletins between
                            march 1914 and october 1917 have not
                            survived. most of the unknown rolls were
                            made between 1914 (roll 6501) and mid-1917
                            (roll 6530). from that point on until the
                            end of the 65xx series (roll 6579) we lack
                            contents for only two rolls (6565 and 6569).
                            of the rolls for which we know the contents,
                            27 are lost today, with 11 of them being
                            identical to rolls in the evergreen series,
                            so that only 16 rolls are totally lost and
                            unplayable.
of the possibly 79 regular 65xx rolls that
                            wurlitzer issued, including both those with
                            known contents and those of unknown
                            contents, 50 rolls are lost; but 11 survive
                            in the evergreen series, leaving 39 rolls
                            totally lost.
it appears that the only hope of finding
                            lost 65xx rolls today in the regular roll
                            series is to locate still-existing style 165
                            roll-playing organs that were made or
                            converted to playing style 165 rolls before
                            1922. this would exclude style 157 band
                            organs, which postdate this period, and
                            focus solely on the seven surviving pre-1922
                            style 165s. those organs are serial #2943
                            (1915; sanfilippo collection), serial #2992
                            (1916; american treasure tour collection);
                            serial #3030 (1917; circus world museum),
                            serial #3106 (1918; american treasure tour
                            collection), serial #3124 (1918; santa cruz
                            beach boardwalk), serial #3358 (1921; chase
                            collection), serial #3378 (1921; midwest
                            collection).
of the 86 rolls made in the 66xx series
                            (rolls 6605 to 6690) before wurlitzer sold
                            its roll business to the allan herschell
                            company at the end of world war ii,
                            information on all is known except for
                            seven: 6648, 6654, 6659, 6664, 6665, 6667,
                            and 6668. the only rolls of the known 79 for
                            which no copies survive are four; 6605,
                            6608, 6614, and 6652.
                          the charts below show the roll numbers for all
                          style 165 rolls issued by the rudolph
                          wurlitzer company from the beginning of style
                          165 roll production in 1914 to the year 1945,
                          when wurlitzer sold its roll business to the
                          allan herschell company. the notation "lost"
                          after a roll number indicates that the
                          contents of the roll are known and the roll is
                          listed in this catalog, but that no copy is
                          known to exist today. the notation "unknown"
                          means that nothing is known today about a roll
                          with that number, although it is believed to
                          have been issued by wurlitzer.


style 165 rolls produced by rudolph
                              wurlitzer company 

                              rolls 6501-6600 (1914-1921) 

 



 6501
                                    unknown
                                    6502 unknown
                                    6503 unknown
                                    6504 unknown
                                    6505 
                                    6506 unknown
                                    6507 unknown
                                    6508 unknown
                                    6509 
                                    6510 unknown
                                    6511 
                                    6512 unknown
                                    6513 unknown
                                    6514 unknown
                                    6515 unknown
                                    6516 
                                    6517 unknown
                                    6518 unknown
                                    6519 unknown
                                    6520 unknown
                                    6521 
                                    6522 unknown
                                    6523 
                                    6524 unknown
                                    6525
                                    6526 unknown
                                    6527 unknown
                                    6528 unknown
                                    6529 
                                    6530 lost
                                    6531 
                                    6532 
                                    6533 lost
                                    6534 
                                    6535 
                                    6536 lost
                                    6537 
                                    6538
                                    6539
                                    6540 lost, re-issued as evergreen
                                    6511
                                    6541 lost
                                    6542 lost
                                    6543 lost
                                    6544 lost, re-issued as evergreen
                                    6517
                                    6545 lost, re-issued as evergreen
                                    6512
                                    6546 (missing 1-2, newly arranged)
                                    6547
                                    6548 lost
                                    6549 lost, re-issued as evergreen
                                    6518
                                    6550 lost 
 6551
                                    lost, re-issued as evergreen 6519
                                    6552 lost
                                    6553 lost
                                    6554 (missing tune 1, newly
                                    arranged)
                                    6555 lost
                                    6556 lost
                                    6557
                                    6558
                                    6559 lost
                                    6560
                                    6561 lost
                                    6562 lost
                                    6563 lost
                                    6564 lost
                                    6565 unknown
                                    6566 lost
                                    6567
                                    6568
                                    6569 unknown
                                    6570 (missing 1-2, newly arranged)
                                    6571 lost
                                    6572 lost, re-issued as evergreen
                                    6528(1)
                                    6573 lost
                                    6574 lost
                                    6575 lost
                                    6576 lost
                                    6577
                                    6578 (missing tune 6, newly
                                    arranged)
                                    6579 lost, re-issued on evergreens
                                    6526 and 6527
(rolls 6580-6600 never issued?)
                                    6580 unknown 
                                    6581 unknown
                                    6582 unknown
                                    6583 unknown
                                    6584 unknown
                                    6585 unknown
                                    6586 unknown
                                    6587 unknown
                                    6588 unknown
                                    6589 unknown
                                    6590 unknown
                                    6591 unknown
                                    6592 unknown
                                    6593 unknown
                                    6594 unknown
                                    6595 unknown
                                    6596 unknown
                                    6597 unknown
                                    6598 unknown
                                    6599 unknown
                                    6600 unknown 






evergreen rolls 6501-6537 (1915
                                (ca.)-1925)

 



 6501 
                                    6502 
                                    6503 
                                    6504 unknown
                                    6505 (missing unknown 1-2)
                                    6506 lost
                                    6507 
                                    6508 lost
                                    6509 
                                    6510 
                                    6511 
                                    6512 
                                    6513 
                                    6514 
                                    6515 lost
                                    6516 
                                    6517 
                                    6518 
                                    6519 
 6520
                                    lost
                                    6521 lost
                                    6522 
                                    6523 lost
                                    6524 (missing tune 1)
                                    6525 lost
                                    6526 
                                    6527 
                                    6528 
                                    6529 
                                    6530 
                                    6531 lost
                                    6532 (missing tune 1, newly
                                    arranged)
                                    6533 lost
                                    6534 
                                    6535 (missing 1-2, newly arranged)
                                    6536 lost
                                    6537 











rolls 6601-6690 (dec. 1921-1945)

 



 6601 unknown
                      6602 unknown
                      6603 unknown
                      6604 unknown
                      6605 (tune 1 newly arranged)
                      6606 (tune 1 newly arranged)
                      6607 (1-2 newly arranged)
                      6608
                      6609 (1-2 newly arranged)
                      6610
                      6611
                      6612
                      6613
                      6614 lost, recreated
                      6615
                      6616
                      6617
                      6618 (2, 3, 10 newly arranged)
                      6619
                      6620
                      6620? possible lost roll
                      6621
                      6622
                      6623
                      6624 
 6625
                      6626
                      6627
                      6628
                      6629
                      6630
                      6631
                      6632
                      6633
                      6634
                      6635
                      6636
                      6637 (missing unknown 1)
                      6638
                      6639
                      6640
                      6641
                      6642
                      6643
                      6644
                      6645
                      6646
                      6647
                      6648 unknown
                      6649 
 6650
                      6651
                      6652 lost, recreated
                      6653
                      6654 unknown
                      6655
                      6656
                      6657
                      6658 (tune 1 newly arranged)
                      6659 unknown
                      6660
                      6661
                      6662
                      6663
                      6664 unknown
                      6665 unknown
                      6666
                      6667 unknown
                      6668 unknown
                      6669
                      6670
                      6671
                      6672
                      6673
                      6674 
 6675
                      6676
                      6677
                      6678
                      6679
                      6680
                      6681
                      6682
                      6683
                      6684
                      6685
                      6686
                      6687
                      6688
                      6689
                      6690 









list of wurlitzer style 165 band organs extant
                today (plus one lost)



 

        no. 2943: in the sanfilippo collection, barrington hills,
        illinois. 

        no. 2992: formerly part of the carrousel music collection,
        chambersburg, pennsylvania. now in the american treasure tour
        museum, oaks, pennsylvania. 

        no. 3030: one of three style 165 band organs on public display.
        located at the circus world museum in baraboo, wisconsin. the
        only style 165 to use the coin trip. 

        no. 3106: played on the carousel at west view park, west view,
        pennsylvania until the parks closing in 1977. now in the
        american treasure tour museum, oaks, pennsylvania. 

        no. 3124: one of three style 165 band organs still on public
        display. played on the carousel at playland-at-the-beach. now
        located at the santa cruz beach boardwalk, where it operates by
        midi. 

        no. 3358: formerly owned by play-rite's john malone of turlock,
        california. now in the arnold chase collection, hartford,
        connecticut. featured on the klavier recordings cd catch the
        brass ring. 

        no. 3378: in a midwest collection. featured on the klavier
        recordings cd catch another brass ring. 

        no. 3629: played on the carousel at lincoln park up until 1976.
        now part of the glenn thomas collection, belle mead, new jersey.
        restored by joe hilferty of york, pennsylvania. 

        no. 3747: owned by howard winstead until his death in 2008. the
        band organ and the rest of the collection are still owned by
        howard's family. 

        no. 3779: one of three wurlitzer style 165s on public display,
        and the only roll-operated one that remains with a carousel.
        plays on the 1921 dentzel carousel at glen echo park, glen echo,
        maryland.

(no. 4292: played on the carousel at seabreeze park,
          rochester, new york, until both were destroyed by fire on
          march 31, 1994. featured on the dynamic recording cds
          "carousel breezes" vol. 1 & 2 and "carousel christmas.")

        no. 4338: final wurlitzer style 165 ever made and has the façade
        of a wurlitzer style 157. played on the griffith park carousel,
        los angeles, california. now in the american treasure tour
        museum, oaks, pennsylvania. (the above data were compiled by
          andrew lardieri. an illustrated article by dan robinson,
          "american band organs: the wurlitzer style 165," telling when
          they were shipped from the wurlitzer factory, their
          destinations, and later history, was published in v. 54, no. 3
          (may/june 2008) of the mbsi's "mechanical music") 


 

site





























































              revision history


          2009 revision history:
          jan. 13: a section "historical wurlitzer pictures" added.
          slight rewording in section ii d, regarding the manufacture of
          the rolls listed in that section.
          feb. 15: play-rite mistake in tune order for roll 6534/6537-a
          corrected.
          apr. 5: paragraph about seabreeze park collection and plans to
          add missing tunes added to "introduction." roll number
          "6534/6537-b" corrected to "6534/6537-a." 
          apr. 7: entry for roll 6606 edited to show creation of missing
          tune 1. entry for roll 6554 edited to show that not all recuts
          add the b.a.b. substitution for missing tune 1. 
          sep. 17: addition of rich olsen's newest roll, 6842. change of
          rewording in section ii d made in jan. 13 revision. 
          sep. 30: addition of mp3 files to three tunes on roll 6842. 
          oct. 12: addition of c.w. parker/luigi bacigalupo information
          to roll 6500 and "bacigalupi special" listing. 
          nov. 22: addition of roll 6843, and a few changes to sample
          tunes available on rolls 6836-6842. 

          2010 revision history:
          jan. 2: revision of "arrangers and arranging" section of
          introduction; dating rolls 6510, 6528; deleting "not recut"
          note on 6620. 
          feb. 17: minor changes to the introduction. 
          feb. 28: sale ad at top of home page and accompanying changes
          to page listing rolls 6836-6844. 
          aug. 14: revision of roll 6620 data. 
          aug. 15: revision of data for rolls 6546, 6554, 6570, 6606,
          6618, 6658 to show all missing tunes newly arranged. 
          aug. 18: addition of roll 6846. 
          nov. 18: addition of "seabreeze roll collection" section to
          introduction. 
          nov. 22: correction to listing for roll 6620. 
          dec. 1: modify note on roll 6530; add bowers/friberg to
          historical wurlitzer pictures section. 

          2011 revision history:
          jan. 20: addition to appendix of list of all style 165 band
          organs made by wurlitzer.
          may 26: correction to tune order of roll 308.
          jun. 2: addition of rolls 6848 and 6849; corrections to roll
          6500-b and roll 401.
          aug. 23: correction to title of tune 3 on roll 354, tune 2 on
          385, and tune 3 on 490.
          oct. 18: addition of roll 6850. 

          2012 revision history:
          feb. 22: addition of rolls 6851, 6852, and 6853.
          feb. 29: addition of roll 6651, renumbering of 6650, and
          removal of "no known copies" from 6532.
          mar. 15: moving 6504 to 6532-a (variant); correction of 6532
          data; renumbering 6651(?) as 6650 and adding new 6651.
          may 14: addition of roll 6854.
          jul. 13: correct identification of "brucker-lager-marsch" on
          rolls 6802, 6807, and bacigalupi special roll, previously
          misidentified as "old reliable."
          oct. 19: addition of rolls 6855, 6856, 6857.
          nov. 21: correct listing for 6833, tune 9. 

          2013 revision history:
          jan. 18: addition of roll 6652.
          aug. 9: identify roll 6505, tune 7.
          nov. 5: discovery of surviving roll 6518. 

          2014 revision history:
          jan. 6: rearranging the tune groups in section ii in more
          logical order; identify tune 8 on roll 6521.
          jan. 14: correcting identification of roll 6529-a, tune 2.
          apr. 7: identify roll 6505-a, tune 2 and roll 6521, tune 7.
          jun. 19: addition of rolls 6858 and 6859.
          jul. 9: identify tune 2 and correct misidentified tune 8 on
          roll 6509-a.
          dec. 3: addition of roll 6566 and reword note about roll 6565.
          dec. 13: correct listing for roll 6670 in section iic. 

          2015 revision history:
          jan. 28: addition of rolls 6860, 6861, and 6862.
          mar. 13: revision of introduction.
          apr. 9: correction to roll 6505 and listing of tune 9 in
          soundfiles as an unidentified tune.
          jun. 5: corrections to roll 6636, listing of tune 4 in
          soundfiles as an unidentified tune on may 28, but now
          identified.
          jul. 24: identify roll 6505-a, tune 5.
          oct. 4: addition of rolls 6864, 6865, 6866, 6867.
          nov. 4: addition of rolls 6868 and 6869.
          dec. 7: addition of roll 6871. 

          2016 revision history:
          jan. 23: addition of roll 6872.
          jun. 11: addition of roll 6873.
          jun. 15: noting incorrect original labeling of roll 6723-6724.
          jul. 5: correction of composers on 6721 and 6721-6722, tune 1.
          credit note added after dedication section recognizing andrew
          lardieri's help in proofreading catalog.
          aug. 24: addition of rolls 6863 and 6870.
          oct. 23: addition of roll 6724x.
          nov. 11: noting variants for b.a.b. rolls 481, 486, 507,
          correction to 354, 459.
          dec. 8: addition of charts at end of "lost rolls and lost roll
          information" section of introduction.
          dec. 14: addition of rolls 6874, 6875, 6876. 

          2017 revision history:
          jan. 17: revision of footnote to never-issued roll 6620.
          feb. 7: correction to rolls 6529, 6671 (t.r.t.), 6812.
          mar. 30: addition to "composers' pseudonyms" section of
          introduction.
          jul. 2: addition of rolls 6877, 6878, 6879.
          aug. 19: correcting tune order on labels for roll 6862.
          aug. 23: addition of rolls 6880, 6881, 6882.
          oct. 14: addition of rolls 6883, 6884.
          oct. 24: addition to introduction of list of existing style
          165 band organs. 

          2018 revision history:
          jan. 1: addition of rolls 6885, 6886, 6887.
          apr. 18: addition of new information about roll 6814 and about
          bacigalupi special roll label.
          apr. 19: addition of roll 6888.
          may 25: addition of rolls 6889, 6890, 6891, 6892.
          jul. 3: addition of rolls 6893, 6894.
          sep. 4: addition of roll 6895.
          sep. 19: addition of roll 6896.
          nov. 28: addition of roll 6897.
          dec. 18: updated tune index to roll 6897. 

          2019 revision history:
          apr. 14: addition of ralph tussing biography to section e of
          appendix.
          may 15: revamping of table of contents; addition of rolls
          6898, 6899, 6900.
          may 22: addition of roll 6901. 

          2020 revision history:
          mar. 26: change to photo credit below home-page band organ
          picture. mark s. chester, phoenixville, pennsylvania, died
          march 22, 2020.
          apr. 24: addition of long-awaited roll 6902.
          jun. 20: addition of rolls 6903, 6904. 

          2021 revision history:
          mar. 20: addition of roll 6905.
          apr. 29: addition of rolls 6906, 6907.

          2022 revision history:
          apr. 19: addition of roll 6908.
          apr. 21: addition of roll 6909.
          apr. 23: addition of roll 6910.
          apr. 24: addition of roll 6911.
          apr. 25: identify roll 6505, tune 9 / roll 6819, tune 10.
          jun. 10: rolls by contemporary arrangers amended to list
          equivalent style 125 and style 150 rolls.
          jun. 27: composer credit for roll 6856, tune 5, corrected.
          jul. 20: addition of roll 6912.
          aug. 4: many roll listings amended to show recutting by
          play-rite (also by mike grant and valley forge).
          aug. 6: variant copy of roll 6661 noted.
          sep. 12: roll 6912, two tune types corrected and note amended.
          sep. 24: notes added to section ii b -- rolls 6697 and 6698
          were composited by the herschell carrousel factory museum.
          nov. 27: second wrong title on recuts of roll 6661 noted (the
          other was already noted on that entry).

          2023 revision history:
          jan. 5: "where are the originals?" updated.
          feb. 6: roll xxx, tune 2, corrected to show that it is a
          medley including the tune "sing."
          feb. 6: "moonlight and roses" tune type corrected from waltz
          to fox trot on two b.a.b. rolls.
          mar. 20: notes added to rolls 6684 and 6691 to show ownership
          of original copies by seabreeze park.
          mar. xx: note at beginning of section c amended to mention two
          custom composite rolls made by ralph tussing.
          apr. 6: roll 6804, tune 7 tune type corrected from fox trot to
          waltz.
          may 18: addition of roll 6913.
          may 25: addition of roll 6914.
          may 27-28: addition of rolls 6915, 6916.
          may 30: roll 6820 listing amended to show the three tunes that
          comprise the medley in tune 10.
          june 1: notes added to rolls 6825 and 6831. some rolls by
          contemporary arrangers amended to include "issued by
          play-rite," "issued by mike grant," etc.
          june 7: note added to rolls 6723 and 6723-6724 based on
          matthew caulfield's old (paper) working copy of the catalog.
          notes added to rolls eur-165-1 and merry-go-round music #1.
          dec. 11: notes added to rolls 6694, 6697, 6698, 6704 and 6720
          to show ownership of original copies by crescent park.

          2024 revision history:
          jan. 20: addition of rolls 6917, 6918.
          feb. 10/17: listing for b.a.b. roll 003 expanded. note added
          to b.a.b. transcription rolls 386, 442 and 507 showing that
          "carnival march" is likely misidentified.
          mar. 3: addition of roll 6919. roll 6918, tunes 6 and 12
          updated.
          apr. 27: dedication added at top of catalog. matthew caulfield
          passed away on april 16, 2024.
          may 25: link added to andrew lardieri's eulogy for matthew
          caulfield.
          may 28: link added to an online post about andrew's plans for
          commissioning style 165 rolls. note about organ no. 4292
          (lost) added to list of extant style 165s.
          june 5: note added to b.a.b. roll 457 that it is identical to
          original b.a.b. roll 035.
          june 7: notes added to roll 6636 (pertaining to tune 7) and
          b.a.b. rolls 011 (original) and 361.
          june 8: notes added to various rolls from 6505 through 6671,
          most pertaining to tunes formerly unidentified or
          misidentified. notably, different wurlitzer arrangements of
          four tunes noted; see rolls 6500 (they are now listed there),
          6505, 6509, 6539, 6548, 6577, 6609, 6620 and 6684.
          june 17: note about andrew lardieri's future plans amended.
          note on roll 6637 (pertaining to tune 1) amended.
          june 23: tune 1 on original b.a.b. roll 30 and transcription
          roll 387 corrected. information being added on original b.a.b.
          rolls converted to midi (per gavin mcdonough).
          july 30: roll 6502 not previously noted as having been recut
          by mike grant.
          sep. 19: addition of roll 6920.
          sep. 22: note added to roll 6521, tune 2.
          oct. 27: note added to roll 6704, tune 5 / roll 6702-6704,
          tune 10.

          2025 revision history:
          jan. 28: notes added to various tunes ("shown on play-rite
          recuts as ... "). roll 6528 revised to show that it was recut
          in original form in addition to being composited with half of
          roll 6537-a.
          feb. 1: addition of rolls 6921, 6922. tune types corrected,
          "the sweetest story ever told" and "lullaby from 'erminie,'"
          rolls 6519, 6551, 6669 (t.r.t.), 6670 (t.r.t.).






 go to

 
                      table of contents 
 
                      next page

                      tune index




 



