








 

best martial arts school in los angeles - beverly hills jiu jitsu club














































  





 

 




       pricing programs  little kids jiu-jitsu kids jiu-jitsu teens jiu-jitsu adults jiu-jitsu private lessons   more  member’s schedule quick tour blog         pricing programs  little kids jiu-jitsu kids jiu-jitsu teens jiu-jitsu adults jiu-jitsu private lessons   more  member’s schedule quick tour blog           +1 310-854-7664     book free trial    


beverly hills jiu jitsu club  is the go-to martial arts school in los angeles for adult & kids martial arts classesdownload our starter kit today to see current pricing, programs, schedule, a tour of our facility, and to get access to an exclusive online offer! 


book a free trialtry us 100% risk-free




download starter kitaccess pricing & schedule






your achievement is our mission.51+ reviewsfrom families and students like you... and counting5.0 out of 5average customer satisfaction rating
customers served!


1512


students trained!










we signed our 6 1/2-year-old up for jui jitsu for both the exercise and the discipline. he loves it! marcus is amazing - firm, yet patient. he is great with both young and older kids and can work with different skill levels simultaneously. and he doesn’t let them mess around and holds them accountable - something my son needed. highly recommend. amanda m. | mom





i've been to a few jiu-jitsu gyms around town and the beverly hills jiu jitsu club is the best i’ve been to... marcus is extremely dedicated to the improvement of his students... the membership price is extremely affordable compared to other places and the level of instruction is unmatched. i’m happy i was able to settle on this gym. it’s a great place for growth.max d. | trainee





i had the honor to train with marcus for a couple of months. this is the best school i've ever trained at, and the level of instruction and professionalism is high. everyone was very welcoming and treated me as if i was part of their team. i still frequently think about this place as it was one of the greatest jiu-jitsu experiences i've ever had brady s. | trainee







why choose beverly hills jiu jitsu club  in los angeles?what sets our school apart is our unwavering commitment not only to imparting martial arts skills but also to instilling a sense of responsibility that accompanies such capabilities.acknowledging that great skills and power entail corresponding responsibility, we prioritize cultivating values such as patience, perseverance, respect, and humility in our students. beyond being an educational institution, our school functions as a community that promotes positive values.inclusive learning - our martial arts school fosters inclusive learning by welcoming diverse backgrounds, skill levels, and abilities. in an encouraging atmosphere, everyone is valued, respected, and supported on their unique martial arts journey.community atmosphere - our school is more than an institution; it's a community that fosters positive values, creating an environment where personal growth is encouraged and celebrated.versatile goals: - whether your aim is fitness, self-improvement, or self-defense, our program is designed to meet diverse objectives.









martial arts classes for los angeles families.what makes us special is that we offer a wide variety of programs designed to keep you active, build confidence, stay focused, and get fit, as you learn to protect yourself.

little kids jiu-jitsuthis martial arts class for little kids jiu-jitsu ages 3-4, focuses on building discipline, confidence, strength, and self-defense skills through fun techniques.






learn more




kids jiu-jitsu this martial arts class for kids aged 5-7 offers fun while building discipline, confidence, strength, self-defense, teamwork, and leadership skills.






learn more




teens jiu-jitsu this martial arts class for teens jiu-jitsu age 8-13 fosters discipline, strength, teamwork, and self-defense through a comprehensive curriculum.






learn more




adults jiu-jitsuthis martial arts class in jiu-jitsu teaches how smaller individuals can defend against stronger foes through leverage, technique, and continuous learning.






learn more




private lessons this program offers personalized private lessons for individuals and small groups, perfect for enhancing jiu-jitsu skills and addressing specific weaknesses.






learn more





request more infoaccess to pricing, schedules & promos







how to get startedlike what you see so far? here is how you can get more information about our programs, pricing, schedules, as well as how to get started.



download our free starter kit.download our free starter kit for current details on our programs, pricing, schedules, a tour of our campus, and special online promotions

 1



join us for an assessment class.come join us for an assessment class to experience first hand what we are all about. our instructor will work with you (or your kids) to figure out which program will help you reach your goals.

 2



sign up for one of our martial arts classes.if you love what we have to offer, and think we can help you or your child achieve and grow, then let us know and we will enroll you into the program that fits you best.

 3





request more infoaccess to pricing, schedules & promos





meet the master instructors behind beverly hills jiu jitsu club  they are not only accomplished practitioners themselves, often holding high-level belts, but they are also knowledgeable mentors who provide valuable insights into the techniques, strategies, and philosophy of martial arts.

at beverly hills jiu jitsu club , we pride ourselves on the quality of our coaches. you can expect the following from our masters:amazing recommendations and positive reviewsa commitment to creating a positive martial arts experience for all students, no matter their learning needsa love and passion for teaching and helping students grow and succeed


learn more




marcus vinicius di luciacoral belt 7th degree / bjj black belt judo

aleksandr ustimenkoblack belt bjj


    why the los angeles community lovesour martial arts classes  jacob mitchell recommends beverly hills jiu jitsu club via googlei’ve trained jiu jiu-jitsu at a lot of schools. the beverly hills jiu-jitsu club is one of the best places i’ve been.marcus is detail-oriented and a true master of his craft. he fixed some major holes in my fundamentals and i can’t thank him enough. he also helped me get the competition ready several times.there are some tough upper belts there and training is always great. if you want a gym to call home, look no further.   sean n recommends beverly hills jiu jitsu club via googlethe bhjjc is an awesome place to train. i was hesitant to start grappling, but marcus helped me feel more comfortable.my safety was marcus’ number one priority and he didn’t let me start sparring until i was well-versed in fundamental techniques. the fact that there are beginner-only classes makes training less intimidating. i’m glad to be surrounded by other newbies because i am more comfortable.   amanda moldavon recommends beverly hills jiu jitsu club via googlewe signed our 6 1/2-year-old up for jui jitsu for both the exercise and the discipline. he loves it! marcus is amazing - firm, yet patient. he is great with both young and older kids and can work with different skill levels simultaneously. and he doesn’t let them mess around and holds them accountable - something my son needed. highly recommend.   brady stanfield recommends beverly hills jiu jitsu club via googlefirst time ever trying jujitsu and i’m hooked. marcos is very experienced, kind, but stern when he needs to be haven’t been here enough to give a full review, but my first experience is five stars   michael mashbaum recommends beverly hills jiu jitsu club via googlemy son began training here a couple of months ago and it has been a pleasure watching his confidence and skill proficiency grow each class. marcus is a skilled instructor who understands how to motivate and teach kids of all ages. the staff are polite, responsive, and a pleasure to work with. i would recommend bhjcc to anyone looking for a warm place for their child to learn jiu-jitsu.   zain jaffer recommends beverly hills jiu jitsu club via googlei recently had the chance to visit bhjjc while coming down from san francisco, and i must say, the experience was unparalleled.after researching various nearby gyms, i found bhjjc to be the best fit for my needs, as they offered the most classes, sometimes even twice a day. some of their classes are tailored for beginners, some only for higher belts, and others are for all levels which makes each class feel different thanks to the variety.the head coach, marcus, who holds the impressive rank of a coral belt (7th-degree black belt), provided world-class instruction that focused on intricate details and control. i was equally thrilled with the classes led by a russian coach named sasha, whose sense of humor made learning new techniques memorable.what stood out to me was the affordability of the daily rate and the convenient option of gi rental. i managed to attend 5 classes and wish i had stayed longer so i could train more.the fellow students at bhjjc were very friendly and fun to roll and drill with, adding to the overall positive vibe of the gym.the contrasting yet complementary styles of marcus and sasha, along with the variety in class structure and the wonderful camaraderie among the students, provided a diverse and enriching experience.   





  more confidence. more focus. get fit. download our free starter kit today.download our starter kit now for current details on our programs, pricing, schedules, a tour of our campus, and exclusive online promotions.   request more infoget started today.   


    our partnersbeverly hills jiu jitsu club 1080 s. la cienega blvd #106 , los angeles, california, 90035, usaphone: +1 310-854-7664email: marcus@bhjjc.comfollow us:                                    our martial art classes           little kids jiu-jitsu      kids jiu-jitsu      teens jiu-jitsu      adults jiu-jitsu      private lessons    useful resources           contact us      privacy policy      terms of use      member’s schedule      copyright 2025 beverly hills jiu jitsu club , all rights reserved.   












get startedsign up for our exclusive, no contract free trialfirst step: fill your contact information here so our team can get back to confirm your selected trial.

by opting into the web form above you are providing consent for beverly hills jiu jitsu club  to send you periodic text messages. standard rates may apply. you can reply help at anytime or learn more. you may opt-out anytime by replying stop.
x

download starter kitaccess to our schedule & pricing detailsget our scheduling details, and exclusive promotions and new student offers!

by opting into the web form above you are providing consent for beverly hills jiu jitsu club  to send you periodic text messages. standard rates may apply. you can reply help at anytime or learn more. you may opt-out anytime by replying stop.
x


















 


