



   






muma college of business | university of south florida






















skip to main content


university of south floridamuma college of businesstampa | st. petersburg | sarasota-manatee



search






search for: 







main navigation
menu



give now


undergraduate
graduate
schools
centers
about us
why muma?




myusf
directory








muma college of business | university of south florida



previous
slide 1
slide 2
slide 3
slide 4
slide 5
next


                           				‘state of the region’ researchers reveal how tampa bay measures up against peer communities.
                           
                           			
                        				the reports showcase the latest regional strengths while also pin-pointing areas of
                        opportunity.
                        			


                           				brandt ceo talks racing, records, and fertilizer at emba conversation with a ceo event.
                           			
                        				in 1995, the usf alumnus took over the family business, which had been started in
                        1953 by his parents, glen and evelyn brandt, in springfield, illinois. 
                        			


                           				student spotlight: how a full-ride scholarship shaped jessie jiang's journey. 
                           			
                        				receiving the ellen cotton endowed scholarships and other financial awards allowed
                        the usf accounting student to focus on her studies and extracurriculars without worrying
                        about financial stress.
                        			


                           				applications are open for the 2024-2025 muma college of business 25 under 25 award
                           program.
                           			
                        				the recognition program honors business students who have demonstrated excellence
                        in academics, leadership, professional development, and community service.
                        			


                           				dreams empowered: usf awards over $1.2 million in scholarships to business students
                           			
                        				college leaders announced that donor-funded financial awards reached another record-breaking
                        year with about 350 business students from all three campuses from 140 different funds
                        within the muma college of business.
                        			







               				students
               			
               				advising, internships, mentoring
               			

               				employers
               			
               				hiring interns, research projects
               			

               				living-learning
               			
               				living-learning communities
               			

               				lifelong learning
               			
               				non-degree education
               			









2025 state of the region
the tampa bay e-insights report is the result of a challenging research inquiry by
                  faculty and graduate students from the university of south florida muma college of
                  business. the insights presented in the report complement those presented in the regional
                  competitiveness report presented by the tampa bay partnership.
learn more about the 2025 e-insights report 




newsreliaquest to carry bowl energy into cybersecurity boot camps - tampa bay business journalfebruary 2, 2025usf's online grad programs maintain rankings - tampa bay newspapersjanuary 31, 2025shaping the next generation of cybersecurity professionals - forbesjanuary 31, 2025college eventsfebfebruary17information session with city widefebruary 173:00 pm – 4:00 pmfebfebruary19speed networkingfebruary 194:00 pm – 6:00 pmfebfebruary20selling with the bulls intercollegiatefebruary 20 – 21all daymore events 
         cybersecurity certificate
         
the muma college of business, in partnership with reliaquest, is now accepting applications
         from juniors, seniors and graduate students to earn a certificate in cyber analytic
         fundamentals.






university of south florida





menu

about usf
academics
admissions
locations
campus life
research


administrative units
regulations & policies
human resources
work at usf
emergency & safety
title ix


usf health
usf athletics
usf alumni
support usf
usf libraries
usf world




4202 e. fowler avenue,  bsn 3403, tampa, fl 33620, usa813-974-4281

facebook
x



youtube
linkedin
flickr
instagram



copyright © 2025, university of south florida. all rights reserved.
this website is maintained by muma college of business.

privacy
contact usf
visit usf
accessibility



  

