



 medical mart




















































linkedin
twitter




medicalmart








search by: all 

all
manufacturer
ordering code
keyword/title






aloe care
alliance health care products
private label products:
medline canada






home
about us

about us
careers
health canada interim measure labels


products

primary care
long term care
dental care
acute care


catalogues
contact us

online ordering










welcome to medline canada, corporation




















great healthcare is essential to the livelihood and wellbeing of all canadians. at medline, we help our customers deliver better healthcare outcomes. by harnessing our collective diversity, knowledge, agility and empathy, we are inspired to do great things.
medline is a leading global manufacturer and provider of high-quality medical products and services to the healthcare industry. our expertise in healthcare solutions throughout the continuum of care, coupled with the scale and agility of our supply chain, allow us to partner with our customers to enhance patient care, improve clinical outcomes, drive effective cost management and provide fast access to quality products.
by applying our cares values every day, in all that we do, medline canada is deeply committed to the health and wellbeing of our customers, employees, partners and communities. with more than 550 employees, including 125 dedicated sales and clinical professionals, and 8 distribution centres located across canada, we are a trusted partner in delivering the healthcare needs of canadians from coast-to-coast – together improving care™. for more information, visit www.medline.ca
 


   featured products   dropsafe safety pen needledropsafe safety pen needlesbiopsy punchesclassic tub disinfectantclassic shampoo and body washclassic bath oil additiveisagel, no-rinse, antiseptic hand cleansing gel    










© 2024 medline industries, lp. all rights reserved. medline is a registered trademark of medline industries, lp. all trademarks, regardless of whether they appear with a trademark symbol, are the property of their respective owners unless otherwise noted.




subscribe to our newsletter






^ back to top












