












homepage | freedom of information act











 




skip to main content








freedom of information act


            national aeronautics and space administration - marshall space flight center          
 


header links


	+â foia request

	+â comment or question




 
	+â msfc foia home
 

 
	+â msfc home
 

 
	+â nasa home
 




main menumarshall - foia
requester's guide
foia electronic library
request form
other sources
privacy policy
  
 













	passed in 1966, the freedom of information act (foia) provides the public and industry a means of acquiring information about federal government activities.

judi hollingsworth
	foia public liaison officer

requester's guide: â instructions on obtaining information through the freedom of information act and several links to information and/or documents that are useful to the requestor

foia electronic library: â documents specifically identified for inclusion by the freedom of information act, as well as documents for which we have received multiple requests. the number of items in the reading room will continue to grow.

request form: â select the type of document you are requesting and the purpose of the request.

other sources: â electronic sources of public information that may assist you in your search for records.

privacy policy: â how nasa will use information we gather about you from your visit to our website. the privacy of our customers is of the utmost importance to nasa.

	nasa may provide links to web pages that are not part of the nasa web family or nasa.gov domain. these sites are managed by organizations, companies, or individuals and not under nasa control, and nasa is not responsible for the information or links you may find there. nasa provides links to these sites merely as a convenience and the presence of these links is not a nsaa endorsement of the sites. nasa is not responsible for the information collection practices of non-nasa sites. once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site, and you should read that site's policies on privacy and information collection.
 




 



nasa foia sites

agency foia website
nasa headquarters
ames research center
armstrong flight research center
glenn research center
goddard space flight center
jet propulsion laboratory
johnson space center
langley research center
kennedy space center
nasa office of inspector general
nasa shared services center
stennis space center
 


 
 






 
					site curator:â â judi hollingsworth
 

 
					nasa official:â june malone
 

 login for content owners and administrators


 

 


 

 get adobe reader
 

 nasa safety reporting system
 

 nasa privacy policy and important notices


  


 
 
 



