




alarm system









alarm, alarm battery, alarm installation, alarm system



next day despatch
all equipment c/w full manuals
all prices vat inclusive






















  home » catalogue
   

      
            	my account						  |  
	  
		cart contents 
       |  checkout  














categories










alarm batteries
alarm cable
alarm control panelsalarm kits - full
alarm manuals
burglar alarms
magnetic contacts
personal attack buttons
proximity readers
remote keypads (rkps)
smoke & heat detectors
speech diallers
texecom base kits
pyronix base kit
external sounders
internal sounders
passive infra-red (pir)
security lighting
decoy/dummy bell boxes
strobe lights
electrical accessories
special offers


















manufacturers










please selecta2zadealephboschchubbcqrelmdenefriedlandgjdguardallhoneywellintamacintellisensekineticklaxonmenvieroptexpyronixrapidsapphire alarmsscantronictakextechnistoretexecomtimeguardunifixvariousvisonicvoltek automati..yuasa

















quick find










 use keywords to find the product you are looking for.advanced search

















information










shipping & returnsabout alarmsshipping costs uksecurity gradesdesign helpglossaryfaqsprivacy noticeconditions of usecontact usprintable catalogue



















 diy alarm systems

welcome to the sapphire alarms website. this website was established (1998) in order to de-mystify the design and installation of alarm systems by providing professional quality alarm equipment (the same equipment as used by professional installers) together with alarm system design and installation help and advice to the do it yourself sector.
                  installing a diy intruder alarm system is easy; installing it well takes a bit more forethought and patience.  before contemplating installing your own burglar alarm system you should read as much as you can about alarm systems - have a look at the how to... section of our site.
                  and don't forget - you can call us on 01744 757 657 or  e-mail us and we will 
                    be happy to help. 
and most important - once you've chosen your system and picked your equipment, we will provide help with your installation by telephone or e-mail.

hard-wired or wireless?

this is probably the question most asked by would-be diy alarm installers.  and the answer is of course - 'you pay your money and you take your choice'.

if you are choosing your alarm on price alone then hard-wired is the choice.
if you are choosing your alarm on the level of security alone then hard-wired is the choice.
if you are choosing your alarm on the ease of installation then wireless is the choice.

or you could always choose a 'hybrid' system.
whichever system you choose you will need the following major components:

control panel and back-up battery
detectors
signalling devices

where to now?

read the 'design help', 'how alarms work' and the 'how to...' sections and work out roughly what you want the system to do and then start to pick the equipment to build your system.  you can add items to your basket and review your system as you proceed.  if you create an account your basket contents will be saved and can be viewed the next time you log into your account.  remember, your personal information will not be passed to third parties and will only be used by us in relation to your order.

              






passive infra-red (pir) motion sensors from £9.19
 alarm control panels from £37.42
 external alarm sounders from £28.37
 back-up batteries from £6.12


 pet tolerant pir motion sensors from £12.95
 alarm cable (per 100m) from £9.06
 complete wireless systems from £329.99
 magnetic contacts from £1.28












about alarms | about batteries | about control panels | about detectors | about diy kits | about pirs | about pet tolerant pirs | about dual tech pirs | about heat & smoke detectors | about inertia detectors | about internal sounders | about alarm manuals | about magnetic contacts | about personal attack buttons | about signalling devices | about speech diallers | about wireless alarm systems | about hybrid systems | about breakglass detectors | about pressure mats | 








