


home | national bank financial - wealth management






















































go to page contentgo to main menusign in to my accountnational bank financial - wealth managementsearch中国frclient accessyou will be redirected to your usual login pageloginfind an advisor how we can help your documentation careersabout usdigital servicesclient accessyou will be redirected to your usual login pageloginclose






























#1 in canada

nbfwm ranked #1 in investor satisfaction with full-service brokerage firms, in the j.d. power 2024 canada full-service investor satisfaction study. personalized relationships that last. that’s nbfwm.

find an advisor
 
 


























your dedicated lifelong wealth partner



























































take advantage of our digital services








our user-friendly and secure platform allows you to stay on top of
  your investments:
 
access your portfolio  
download your documents  
keep an eye on the markets  









discover our digital services


























a solid financial partner











founded in
1902
 












more than
850
wealth advisors













over

$170 billion
in assets under management












see our unique approach














new on the market






















keep up with national bank financial — wealth management's activities and industry news. experts recognize our financial research department as one of the best in canada. our team monitors daily the major economic trends and carefully observes the socio-political events that may affect the markets and, consequently, your wealth.
browse through our publications
 















fhsa






the tax-free first home savings account (fhsa) is now available.
  contact your wealth advisor today, to get started.









find an advisor












more
    on fhsa 























we’re by your side



























talk to us 




our team of wealth management experts can offer personalized
  solutions to help you reach your goals. 




find an advisor
























our digital services 




consult your portfolio online or with the app.






learn how

























call us




monday to friday, from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. (et).

1-800-361-9522


























little details that matter












legal disclaimers







for j.d. power 2024 award information, visit jdpower.com/awards.





























help and contact



contact us




useful links



find an advisor
regulatory information




about us



our organisation
national bank of canada
our subsidiaries
careers




stay tuned



press releases








user agreement


privacy policy


digital data policy


abcs of security


accessibility


accessibility progress report


accessibility feedback process











© nbfwm. all rights reserved 2025.














see advisor reports of the ciro




























