





















high security modular facilities - armag corporation









































































877-510-0087info@armagcorp.com 


main menu



productsexplosives & ammunition storagearms / weapons storagescifshemp/rf shielded enclosurestraining range buildingsmulti-purpose hardened buildingsowner’s manualsservicescustom manufacturingsite preparationon site installation assistancemaintenance serviceabout uscompany overviewinternational sales & servicecareersassociations & charitiesdata collection and privacy policynewsarmag in actioncontact uscall or email usrequest info online 
search


 






 
 








high security modular facilities 



securing the assets that protect the u.s. and its allies. 





 











 





secure modular solutions from armag 



armag designs, engineers, and manufactures purpose-built secure modular facilities. our proprietary vault-like structures provide maximum security, mobility and rapid deployment. for over 50 years we have developed innovative solutions that meet the highest demands of the u.s. armed forces and government agencies. armag offers solutions for the protection of classified information, mission-critical equipment, arms, ammunition and explosives. 





















scifs 



protect classified information 



custom engineered rf shielded buildings meeting icd 705, tempest, sapf and all requirements for your specific application. sizes range from 160 to 5,000 sq. ft. 




 



 



 







explore scifs


























hemp shelters 



shield mission-critical equipment 



high-altitude emp hardened buildings custom engineered for your specific application. meets mil-std-188-125-2 or mil-std-188-125-1a requirements.  




 



 



 







explore hemp shelters


























explosives storage magazines 



secure explosives & ammunition 



secure storage that meets or exceeds all atf and u.s. military specifications. armag offers a wide range of custom built magazines for both common and specialized applications.  




 



 



 







explore explosives storage magazines


























armories 



secure & maintain arms 



ballistic resistant secure weapons storage approved by all branches of the u.s. military. custom built in sizes up to 5,000 sq. ft. with amenities to meet the needs of your specific application. 




 



 



 







explore armories

















trusted by defense and intelligence communities 



we are honored to have provided secure modular facilities for many defense and intelligence agencies, including: 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 


















have questions or need a quote? 






 





call 



877-510-0087 






or 






 





complete 



online form 












 






back to top





armag corporation877-510-0087502-348-4801info@armagcorp.com 

about usarmag designs and manufactures secure modular facilities. for over 50 years we have innovated solutions that meet the highest demands of the u.s. armed forces and government agencies. 


we proudly support:see all 


privacy policy© armag corporation 

 

 






























