

























ultimate protection inc-alcohol monitoring and ignition interlock installations for ohio


















toggle navigation




ultimate protection inc.





ignition interlock installations

1-800-654-9210


contact


services


 house arrest & gps


ignition interlock


breathalyzers


remote breath testing




our partners


b.e.s.t. labs


dd4hire























house arrest & gps monitoring





ignition interlock



















                    protecting our community for over 25 years
                
at upi we strive to make alternative sentencing programs as simple and customizable as possible. from online access to your offenders' data, to providing excellent customer service for our ignition interlock clients, we are here to assist you in all of your alternative sentencing needs.
we continually test and implement the newest electronic monitoring and ignition interlock equipment. upi also understands the cost burden to court systems and clients, and we strive to keep costs as low as possible.
at upi we have connections with the industry leaders in alternative sentencing. companies like g4s (group 4 securicor), acs (alcohol countermeasures systems), csi (correction services inc). these connections enable us to provide the best products and services to courts and our clients.
if you are interested in any of our products or services please do not hesitate to call. we will be more than happy to send you a sales brochure packet or set up a presentation. 





 ignition interlock


upi offers an interlock device that is designed to be accurate, reliable, and easy to use. our device ensures that you can maintain your driving privileges completely hassle free. we offer an extensive network of service locations staffed with professional installers.
learn more






 house arrest & gps monitoring


sentinel gps combines the most advanced location monitoring technology with a best-in-industry strap and time-saving gps analytics.
learn more






 breathalyzers & cam



learn more














copyright © ultimate protection inc. 2017 privacy terms














