

local weather forecast, news and conditions | weather underground



























































 skip to main content _  sensor network
 maps & radar
 severe weather
 news & blogs
 mobile apps
 more
searchclosegps_fixedgps_fixedfind nearest station manage favorite citieslog inaccount_box log in settings settings sensor networkmaps & radarsevere weathernews & blogsmobile appshistorical weatherstarcurrent weather for popular cities  san francisco, ca 52 °fpartly cloudy manhattan, ny warning35 °fsnow shower schiller park, il (60176) warning33 °flight snow boston, ma warning29 °fcloudy houston, tx 80 °fmostly cloudy/wind st james's, england, united kingdom 39 °frainsearchclosegps_fixedgps_fixedfind nearest station manage favorite citiessettings --feels like -- ---- / --------------------12am6amnoon6pm12amfeb 15+0000feb 16full forecastwinter storm jett to bring snow, ice and wind through sundaysnow, ice and high winds are all threats from this weekend winter storm. here's our latest forecast, including the latest national weather service alerts.winter storm jett to bring snow, ice and wind through sundaybrutal cold arriving, see how low temps will plunge near youa blast of arctic air is making its way across the midwest and eastern u.s. this week, bringing frigid temperatures to major cities like chicago, washington dc, new york and boston. wind chills could reach 40 below zero in the northern plains, and short frostbite times could be a significant threat for much of the central u.s. the winter chill will even reach into the south, including oklahoma city, nashville and atlanta.brutal cold arriving, see how low temps will plunge near youlive updates: wild weather weekend unfolds across usa winter storm is expected to unleash everything from tornadoes, to snow and even extreme flooding across the u.s. this weekend. track the story live with us:live updates: wild weather weekend unfolds across usmarch through may temperature outlooktired of winter's cold? here's the spring outlook that might at least bring warm thoughts, depending on where you live.march through may temperature outlookis february the worst month for seasonal affective disorder?seasonal affective disorder, or sad, is not just the winter blues. it’s a type of depression that can upend your daily functioning. watch this video to learn more about the condition and why the symptoms can be at their worst in february.is february the worst month for seasonal affective disorder?our appsabout uscontactcareerspws networkwundermapfeedback & supportterms of useprivacy policyaccessibility statementadchoicesdata vendorswe recognize our responsibility to use data and technology for good. we may use or share your data with our data vendors. take control of your data.data rights© copyright twc product and technology llc 2014, 2025

please enable javascript to continue using this application.

