

nudist/naturist hall of shame













exposing nudism & naturism's dirty little secrets:
pedophilia,
         swinging, pornography and sexual exploitation 
early in my involvement in the upper echelons of the naturist movement it became apparent i was running into a large number of pedophiles, child molesters, child pornographers and their apologists; disturbingly disproportionate for such a small, fringe group. i had never run into such a consortium of men, in various ways, abusing children; and never have since, either. unfortunately too many of these men i've met or come in contact with at naturist or nudist/naturist gatherings and events all over the u.s. move quite freely because too many, if not most, nudists and naturists, have their heads in the sand about the problem, for one reason or another. there are many who are swingers, who go by aliases or first name only so criminals move freely in the midst. many have no problems with nude photographs of children, therefor they have a hard time distinguishing when the children become objectified commodities. this is a very dangerous dynamic that i found with the nudist/naturists. many just want to have a nice day at the beach and frankly they don't give a damn about much else. overall i found them utterly naive and pathetically apathetic about what to do with the men stalking and photographing children in their midst. these pages document some, but not all, of the cases that alarm me. the nudist/naturist hall of shame more than documents the reasons why i disaffiliated myself.  --nikki craft






stripped
          of personal freedom:
collette marie tells her story of being molested by a
         pedophile at a nudist camp. (more...)
david
         glenn defends the trading of nude photos of
         children. who would be so bold as to defend
         the trading of pictures of naked kids on the net for sexual
         purposes? well, david glenn for one. (more...)
jonathan
         m. tampico: nudist and convicted child
         molester. tampico frequented nudist camps
         preaching "family nudism" and "whole body acceptance" to
         victimize male children. nudist groups refuse to put him on
         their "caution list". now tampico has been arrested
         again. (more...)
busting
          mr. short-eyes. joseph wanner, long-time and
         vocal member of the naturist society, was arrested and
         charged with 230 counts of sexual crimes, most involving
         children. (more...)
nudist
          pedophile ring. how many pedophiles does it
         take to ruin a child's day at a nudist camp? a whole slew of
         nudist men roamed nudist camps molesting children with
         impunity while the national nudist organization bragged
         about how safe nudist camps were for kids. (more...)
with
         a father's love? hannah bennett tells the story of
         her father forcing nudity on her. (more...)
thomas
         kelley convicted of child pornography. yet
         another naturist is caught taking advantage of children.
         this one was the official photographer at naturist society
         events. (more...)

richard a. gibbs
the ed lange memorial
letter to lange from lee baxandall
"suddeutsche zeitung"
a visit to a nudist camp
								by nina silver
the american sunbathing association on pedophilia
glen and bj atkins
brian babinski
dale geno baker
fraternity snoqualmie 
roger baker
									roger reed baker
fraternity snoqualmie  
alan paul barlow
fraternity snoqualmie 
lee baxandall to the asa
bruce (butch) bradt
calvin brugge
burkhardt, richard 
darwin (don) burns
& timothy virden wilcox
darwin (don) burns
								burns, darwin convicted 
julian delroy carpenter
convicted sex offender kills self at south carolina nudist resort
michael thomas cauthen
jimmie joe christopher
christian nudist swingers
this thing called nudism 
david clayre
robert noel clemens
arrested september, 2004
'sarah' saved by cops
"her naked image is everywhere now, loose in cyberspace, a 4-year-old forced to pose in a sexually explicit manner."
jefferson clittlick freedom poland: convicted naturist pedophile 
confessions of
a nudist child molester
								by jefferson poland 
club ped 
								club ped #3 
eric cross: the child seducer 
part i  part ii  part iii  part iv
john dilworth
deja vu
ed donaghe
								texas nudist camp owner arrested
part i  part ii  part iii  part iv
louise flanagan/baxandall
dick drost
dale dubin
dr. morgan c.d. dyer
dale allen eggen #2
paul and shirley eberle:
a strange pair of experts
robert epps
82-year-old nudist dies in custody
kurt frenkel
bill flesher 
								the father of aanr family nudism
cefus ilene frederick
leon garbovitz
gardenia sun club
nudist club owners
											operate ‘a paedophile club’
kenneth gates
ray gearon
martin peter ernest goodall
norman james greenwood
joseph henry
table of contents
"my life of molesting children"
								joseph henry part i 
"my life of molesting children", joseph henry part ii 
james herlihy
man kills self at florida nudist resort
darin ty horn 
frederick hoston
billy jack huff
chuck hughes
ed lange confronted on jenny jones part i part ii
file note on leif heilberg: lee baxandall
 



take it from a sex predator who knows
"you put 11 and 18-year-olds together in a camp where they're nude, i think it is a recipe for disaster. it is like putting a match next to a gasoline can. you'll have disasters sooner or later."  --cnn, former republican representative mark foley who was sexually abused when he was thirteen by a priest who took him "skinny-dipping",  used nude massage and being naked in the same room on overnight trips. in september, 2006 foley was forced to resign as a result of his sexually explicit and predatory emails to male teen congressional pages. foley had attempted to pass protective legislation aimed at children's nudist camps sponsorred by the american association for nude recreation.


national sex offender public registry
"you don't have to worry so much about where your kids are and what they're doing. because you know that they're at home no matter where they are here, 'cause we are one big family. it's comforting, it's relaxing, and we feel that they're safe."  -- american association for nude recreation aanr (was american sunbathing association), circa 1988, public relations videotape.





he was a regular at sauvie island and a visitor at fraternity snoqualmie, a camp where numerous child molesters have resided. silsbee even "recommend[s] a visit to fs any time" and also has stated on rec.nude (jan 8 19950 that his children were not molested when he visited the camp.
wayne arthur silsbee
fidonet naturist echo founder on fbi most wanted, 11.04

kids may be at risk at nudist camps
department of justice official advises nudists
about nude photography of children
nudist child pornography

							by nudists for nudists

magazines
the incredible history of american nudism
and its early marriage with pornography
ed lange, ed leja/edmond lea, leif heilberg,
stan sohler (aka jason loam publisher jaybirds) & milton luros
the helios natura collection
alessandra's smile
alessandra's pedophile "naturist enterprise" #1, #2, #3, #4
by nudist/naturist attorney & pedophile lawrence stanley
									[stanley was cosysop of naturist society "parent sig" and he was put in charge of "new games" at an east coast naturist society gathering by lee baxandall.]
jeunes et naturels
										jung und frei
nudist moppets
nudist moppets toc
nudist moppets #1
nudist moppets #2

								young and naked
									brats
									lollitots
a few internet sites
obnoxious nudist photographers
exploitation of women, teens & children
						"real nudist fun and pleasure"
						"all amateur and real nudists"
nudist children's day in russia
nudist top 100 sites
swedish nudists
health & efficiency
freikörperkultur 
nudismus.cz
for nudists by nudists
						"susan frei's" teen nudists
"vintage nudism" often means photos of naked women
vintage nudism
more vintage nudism
more naked women
even more nekid women
never enough naked women
teen nudist camps
studies on nudism & children

							paul okami
						see also w.d. peckenpaugh
naturist & nudist cataloging of naked children. the front page looks innocent enough but, the further you click into it, the more unsettling it becomes.
nudist-naturist.com
a good example of the way video/photo cataloging of nude children works including an excellent compilation of nudist-naturist rationales/justifications for this "entertainment". [see past american association for nude recreation president, naturist society affiliate, and southern california nudist club owner, walt zadanoff.] there have been millions of these photos taken on beaches and camps; there can never be too many.





check out nudes-a-poppin beauty & dance contest at ponderosa sun club. when you get to their page and look at all the pictures then click to their link for the nudist camp and see what a wholesome picture they paint with their photo of nudists playing volleyball.
fraternity snoqualmie
nudist camp rife with deviants 
kent nudist couple suing porn magazine
nudist group faces suit for stripping membership
fraternity snoqualmie press release to phil donahue
fraternity snoqualmie ex-board member tires of fraternity snoqualmie pedophiles & policies





walter leroy johnson
horst kraus, shangri-la nudist camp owner
thomas kelly [aka tom kelley]
captain sterling king
florida nudist cop
kenneth wayne kito
patrick i. lafollette
bryan william larsen
brett levin
jonathan d. lynn
rec. nude & alt.sex.pedophilia
don marcus
robin mccain
elliot mcginnies
marsha & david mcnutt 
mendocino/golden gate nudist child molester
white tail nudist park employee
									arrested for sodomy and child pornography
kevin lewayne miller
christopher a. moore
william t morgan
nudist camp owner arrested for child pornography
									joseph n. musco
nikki's he said/she said
no more photos/ baxandall/craft
douglas oakes
james j o'boyle

jack onefrey
									fraternity snoqualmie



copyright © 1995-2005
aclu.
all rights reserved.
write to nikki craft 
special thanks to lynne moss-sharman
visit one of our sponsors



for this index page from 04.24.96 to 08.2001 we've had 7,403,971 accesses ("hits"), with connections from 761,270 unique computer systems ("hosts"). (source: institute for global communications.) last update: sept 29, 2001.









								since october 1, 2001


do you live around a nudist camp, club or resort or nude beach? are you a woman sexually harassed on a beach, or coerced to take part in partner swapping? are you a child raised as a nudist with information to share? are you the victim of one of those listed on this page? can you document cases of predatory sexual behavior from newspaper articles or reliable and verifiable legal documents? are you a whistleblower, disgruntled board, club or organization member? are you tired of pedophiles, sex predators, nudist apathy and the practices and policies that cause it all to proliferate? fed up? keep copies of all newsarticles, arrest warrants, related letters and exchanges as they happen. keep notes as an incident escalates. if you know of a related, informative url email it to us. document these cases and contact us at 

. thanks for your interest in the nudist/naturist hall of shame. nikki craft 

						 

 
we appreciate your support of this work.





gael oriorden previously convicted pompano beach nudist charged with sexually assaulting a five-year-old.
william d. peckenpaugh
									willamettans, christian, family naturist, anti-circumcision advocate & author of "familial and societal attitudes toward nudity, and the effects on children's development" adopted child in romania for sex abuse
charged 12.01.2004 
"family nudity" & pedophiles
pedo part i 
									pedo part ii 
polish naturist pornographers

regrets of a nudist mom
								ruining good people's lives/tim
robert j schumann
part i  part ii
marc schuyten of the naturist society "parent sig" jointly ran pedophile bulletin board services with lawrence stanley
roy and shirley settles
fraternity snoqualmie 
john shaver
christopher john shelly part 1   part 2
ralph d. shipler 
dennis sobin #1
								dennis sobin #2
lawrence stanley
cary stayner 
don stephenson
harvey sturgis
searching for angela shelton documentary
48 hours documentary
part i  part ii 
peter swale
arthur taggert
										indian lure children's camp
part i   part ii
tns 
								tns call to censor
owen thompon, shangri-la
william levi thompson
roland d. thomson
								& shirley thomson
herbert d twiggs
joseph wanner
lawrence weeks
tim wilcox
timothy virden wilcox #1
timothy virden wilcox #2
								tim wilcox hassled at rawhide p 
louise flanagan's
									letter in defense of tim wilcox
								tim wilcox hassled at sanrobles 
								tim wilcox preface 
								tim wilcox table of contents page
								tim wilcox hassled at willamettan
								wilcox hassled/rawhide part ii 
wilcox kcbs transcript
yours truly: tim wilcox's pedophile letters
								wilcox proves no photo is the b 
								wilcox/hassled/lupin/part i 
								wilcox/san robles continued
willamettans nudist camp
loren j. williams

peter windsor
donald woodward
attorney jack r. wood disbarred by the indiana supreme court because of exploitation of nudist children at naked city.
bruce and rosemary wylie: nudists charged with child porn
ronald j. yarrosh
zimmer, schumann & o'boyle 
paul zimmer
a note to the past president of the american sunbathing association, walt zadanoff, from nikki craft [april, 1997]
walt zadanoff [2003]
feminist plainiffs withdraw from cape cod nudity case
dissention rips nudists, feminists
by lisbeth lipari
ex-pageant protester quits cape cod nudity fight
by allison blake 
lie detector

nudists discriminate as much as people with clothes
								daily university science news, november, 2001
"the naked truth about the american nudist movement is its failure to live up to the ideal that everyone is treated the same, despite social standing or the shape of their bodies, a new university of florida study finds.
"especially revealing is the inconsistency toward women, who are told looks don't matter but are exposed to nudist art portraying so-called perfect and impossible-to-match female figures, said ellen woodall, a practicing nudist for more than 15 years who did the research for her master's thesis in anthropology. (complete article)
nudist roommate gets under her skin
topless bathers snapped for porn site
business day december, 2001
voyeurism on the beaches beachhunters.com 

related pedophile information
"nambla loses tax exempt status for zymurgy inc. 
"witness for mr. bubbles" australia 60 minutes
ralph underwager & tony darren a.k.a. mr bubbles
paidika interview: hollida wakefield and ralph underwager
ralph underwager "expert" testimoy






