


home | warwick arts centre

































































skip to main content




tickets added to basket!

          tickets have been added to your basket and will be held in a basket for 10 minutes.
      


view basket
close basket











search

menu





search

your basket



box office:  024 7649 6000





          what's on      




films

see what's on in our cinemas
see films


live events

see what’s on in all our venues
see events







          visit us      




back
visit us

the arts are a place we can all meet. find out how to get to us and what you can experience here. 

start your journey  - visit us





getting here


eating and drinking


mead gallery


accessibility


staying over


frequently asked questions







          get creative      




back
get creative

our creative learning programme aims to bring people of all ages, abilities and backgrounds together, through creativity. 



find out more  - get creative





families and early years


young people


schools and educators


students


communities







          join and support      




back
join and support

your support makes a difference. find out how you can help us to bring more people together through the arts. 

read more  - join and support





film club


a list membership


gift vouchers


donations


our supporters







          venue hire      




back
venue hire

whether you're looking to host a conference, community or student event or a celebration, we offer a range of spaces with capacities ranging from 2 to 1,340 people

find out more  - venue hire





venue hire enquiries


additional services






























breathe




date
tue 18th feb 2025

find tickets











coming up
next















macbeth: 
david tennant & cush jumbo



david tennant (doctor who, broadchurch) and cush jumbo (the good wife, criminal record) lead a stellar cast in an ‘enthralling’ (★★★★★ daily telegraph)…
 wed 5th feb - thu 13th mar 2025
find out more














breathe


an extraordinary journey through a busy forest. a story told from the perspective of an acorn; the hectic forest floor, dense thrumming underworlds,…
 tue 18th feb 2025
find out more














rude 
science!


the naughtiest, funniest, most revolting science show in the world.brace yourselves for bbc gastronaut stefan gates’ revolutionary, high-tech, highly-explosive…
 thu 20th feb 2025
find out more














get more with film club




























film club membership
film club plus one
under 26 film club


£1.50 off standard price film tickets£1.50 off event cinema ticketsfree ticket within your birthday monthfree parking on evenings (after 5pm) and weekends (1 car registration to lead booker)weekly emaildiscounted tickets for theatre and dance productionstwo exclusive trailer previews a year10% discount in benugo bar & kitchen*40% off mubi for 12 months - an online platform allowing you to discover a wonderful line-up of films to watch at home**discounts on film talks (coming soon!)  *alcoholic beverages are not included in the 10% discount** can only be used once, but can be used by members at any point.




£40
per year



add to basket






thank you
proceed to basket


all of the benefits included in the film club for you and your plus one with:two free film tickets within lead bookers' birthday monthnotesyou and your plus one do not need to live at the same address but we do require a designated lead bookershare your love of film - your plus one does not need to be the same person every time!




£75
per year



add to basket






thank you
proceed to basket


entitles you to £5 tickets (£2.50 off our usual under 26 price tickets)pays for itself in just 4 visitsweekly emaildiscounts on film talks10% discount in benugo bar & kitchen*40% off mubi for 12 months - an online platform allowing you to discover a wonderful line-up of films to watch at home** * alcoholic beverages are not included in the 10% discount** can only be used once, but can be used by members at any point.




£10
per year



add to basket






thank you
proceed to basket













on the
big screen









close














conclave 




duration: 2 hours

ralph fiennes, stanley tucci, john lithgow and isabella rossellini star in oscar-winning director edward berger’s (all quiet on the western front) conclave. the…

film info









close














the brutalist




duration: 3 hours 35 minutes (incl. 15 min intermission)

oscar winner adrien brody (the pianist) stars in brady corbet’s monumental drama, an electrifying study of 20th century immigration in america. escaping…

film info









close














september 5 




duration: 1 hour 35 minutes

during the 1972 munich olympics, an american sports broadcasting crew is thrust into the spotlight as they cover the israeli hostage crisis. a smart,…

film info







see all film listings 


















exhibition: 
the future is today


our exhibition is open until sunday 9 march come and visit the mead gallery, as alongside the university, the art collection is celebrating its 60th anniversary this year. 

find out more








recently
announced















hugh cornwell 
& special guests 
the courettes


a full band show featuring the nosferatu album in full, stranglers choice cuts and solo delicacies.golden brown, strange little girl, always the sun,…
 fri 14th nov 2025
find out more














serenity iv 
with ben 
& friends


serenity is back! this is yet another relaxing and enjoyable evening of classical music thrill, artfully delivered by ben baldwin-anyasodo and friends. featuring…
 sat 22nd nov 2025
find out more














jen brister: 
reactive


jen brister is reactive - or so she's been told. apparently you don't have to respond to every little thing around you. finding herself in a constant…
 fri 8th may 2026
find out more






see all events









meet. treat.
repeat. 













 everyone is 
welcome
we strive to make sure that our arts centre is a place that everyone can meet. we're continuously improving our building and our offer to include as many…
find out more












 getting  
here
how to reach us, whether you’re travelling by car or public transport. includes information on accessible parking.
find out more












 make a 
donation
help ensure this patch of common ground - where our whole community can meet and connect through art - will survive and thrive once again.
find out more










coming
up soon















an afternoon 
at the opera: 
my first concert


a relaxed and interactive concert designed especially for babies, children and their adults, brought to you by professional musicians, including guest…
 thu 20th feb 2025
find out more














21st century 
tennessee


the ultimate must-see modern day country show, combining all your favourite contemporary artists and hits into one phenomenal live show!get ready to experience…
 thu 20th feb 2025
find out more














encounter: i am - 
warwick gospel 
choir


encounter: i am is warwick gospel choir’s annual production, in collaboration with a step fwd, inspired by exodus 3, where god reveals himself as “i am.” this…
 fri 21st feb 2025
find out more






see what's on








latest news
and blogs













 come and play
with the
music centre
come and play with the music centre and enjoy a whole host of opportunities to try, watch and enjoy music throughout the week. 
 monday 17 february 2025
find out more












 things to do 
in coventry 
this february
we have got plenty of activities lined up here at warwick arts centre to fill your february with fun! so, look no further if you need any help finding…
 monday 3 february 2025
find out more












 east to west 
lgbtquia+ 
cinema season
explore queer cinema from the former eastern bloc and the uk spanning the recent past to modern day, join us from fri 14 feb - mon 3 mar. 
 monday 27 january 2025
find out more






see all news and blogs















become a supporter

the arts can’t happen without you. as a visitor, you create the connection between artist and audience. as a supporter, you can make even greater things possible: inspiring brand-new work, and the next generation of creators.

find out more











find us

                warwick arts centre
                university of warwick
                coventry
                cv4 7al

view on google maps 




box office
                                    - 024 7649 6000                                
box office opening hours:
mon-sun
from 30mins before the first event of the day 
until 15mins after the final event of the day.

if you wish to email us: ticketing@warwick.ac.uk



facebook
instagram
youtube











sign up to our mailing list
want to hear more about our latest events, news and offers?
sign up to our mailing list







about us
our vision
our team
annual reports
contact us




content hub
news and blog




jobs and volunteering
current vacancies




venue accessibility
accessible performances
around the building




our website
website accessibility
privacy notice
cookie policy
terms and conditions










© warwick arts centre. all rights reserved.
made by grandadopens in new window








