




 


puget sound human factors and ergonomics society - home











renew membership



log in








log in with facebook


log in with google































remember me
forgot password









 



home




join psfhes



membership application




membership benefits




honorary member




renewal/upgrade







events



scheduled and past events




roundtable




past symposiums



symposium 2023




symposium 2022




symposium 2021




symposium 2020




symposium 2018




symposium 2017



2017 symposium vendors







symposium 2016



2016 vendors




pictures of 2016 symposium







symposium 2015



pictures of 2015 symposium







symposium 2014



recap of 2014 symposium




pictures of 2014 symposium




vendors/exhibitors 2014







symposium 2013



recap of 2013 symposium




pictures of 2013 symposium




vendors/exhibitors 2013




vendor/exhibitor application & exhibitor sign up form







symposium 2012



photos workshop 12




symposium 2013 old













outreach



newsletters




technically cool computing




skills inc.







resources



consultants




cost calculator




educational videos




professional links and resources







about



executive council members




executive council positions



president elect secretary




outreach chair




newsletter editor




president




treasurer




past president




programs events chair 




community projects chair




symposium chair position







president's message




pshfes award winners







contact














2023 pshfes annual symposiumthank you all for your participations!!



become a member of pshfes
learn more about all the benefits of pshfes membershipjoin pshfes

upcoming event

view latest newslettersview all events

cost calculatororganizations frequently cite the perceived cost of ergonomics programs and solutions as a barrier to implementation.

we have developed a cost-benefit calculator that pshfes is proud to offer for free download.
more...>

2023 symposium (click logos to visit company website)   sponsors supporters
 
pshfes is a non-profit organization associated with the human factors and ergonomics society and serves the needs of puget sound business and human factors and ergonomics practitioners. all funding for our chapter is generated via the chapter's membership dues and activities.   








award winners

hfe professional of 2023
ninica howard was honored with the 19th annual pshfes ergonomics professional of the year award.congratulation's niki and thank you for all your contributions to the hfes community!


president's message


 i want to start with a huge thank you to the pshfes executive council! we’ve had members that have participated for many years now, including gary davis, miriam joffe, carrie lin and ram maikala. but then we’ve have members who have left and returned. i’m thinking of you kelly lynch. and finally, we have our new members who joined in the past year and i hope will be a part of our council for a long time. please welcome our new members, katia costa-black, tony brace, frank ryou, and michelle longo! it’s been quite the year, trying different things like reducing our membership fees and introducing our new linkedin page. i appreciate you all. .
click to continue reading
 
we're always looking for new talent!pshfes is a great place to network and learn new skills, as well as contribute to the human factors & ergonomics disciplines
contact us for more information


















what is the definition of ergonomics and  human factors?ergonomics and human factors is the systematic application of relevant information about human capabilities, limitations, characteristics, behavior and motivation to the design of machines, tools, procedures, and processes used by people and the environment in which they use them.

ergonomists tend to focus on physical, or "neck-down", issues with an emphasis on understanding the role of human movement and posture as it relates to work.

human factors professionals (primarily those with psychology and engineering backgrounds) tend to focus on cognitive, or "neck-up", ergonomics with an emphasis on information processing issues related to work.

 












home

join psfhes

events

outreach

resources

about

contact













join our network on  

 

© copyright 2012 puget sound chapter of the human factors and ergonomics society











powered by wild apricot membership software









