     honda dealer in philadelphia, pa (bustleton) - sloane honda philadelphia                                                                      sloane honda        sales 215-305-5000    service 215-305-5002  parts 215-305-5006      9903 bustleton avenuephiladelphia, pa 19115                                     service        map        contact                       sloane honda           call 215-305-5000   directions                 home   new   view all new vehicles   honda cr-v   honda civic   honda accord   honda hr-v   honda pilot   honda passport   honda prologue   honda odyssey   honda ridgeline   order your new vehicle   trade your car     used   view all used vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles   cars under $25,000   used honda cr-v   used honda civic   used car specials   trade your car     🔋 ev hub   honda prologue inventory   honda prologue lease offer   ev overview     trade | sell   trade your car   sell your car     specials   honda lease & financing deals   manufacturer incentives   pre-owned specials   honda graduate program   military offer   service & parts specials     finance   apply for financing   finance center   trade your car   sell your car   buy a honda at home   vehicle protection     service | parts   schedule service   service center   service coupons   parts center   order parts   parts coupons     about us   about us   contact us   hours & directions   coming soon: an all-new sloane honda   careers     schedule service                   home   new   view all new vehicles   honda cr-v   honda civic   honda accord   honda hr-v   honda pilot   honda passport   honda prologue   honda odyssey   honda ridgeline   order your new vehicle   trade your car     used   view all used vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles   cars under $25,000   used honda cr-v   used honda civic   used car specials   trade your car     🔋 ev hub   honda prologue inventory   honda prologue lease offer   ev overview     trade | sell   trade your car   sell your car     specials   honda lease & financing deals   manufacturer incentives   pre-owned specials   honda graduate program   military offer   service & parts specials     finance   apply for financing   finance center   trade your car   sell your car   buy a honda at home   vehicle protection     service | parts   schedule service   service center   service coupons   parts center   order parts   parts coupons     about us   about us   contact us   hours & directions   coming soon: an all-new sloane honda   careers     schedule service             



we’re open during construction. please enter on haldeman ave. thank you for your patience!


















shop new
go 










shop used
go 










service specials
go 










schedule service
go 






      search new inventory     search used inventory        










               shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset               

welcome to sloane honda
your philadelphia, pa honda dealership
conveniently located in the northeast portion of the "city of brotherly love," sloane honda meets every driver's needs with the high-quality customer service that you deserve. whether you're searching for a stunning new honda vehicle or you're interested in discussing your financing options, our team is here to help you however we can. we encourage every bensalem or willow grove driver to contact our team or stop by our honda dealership to learn more!


       







sales hours      monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    


     




stay in touch


                            








we're your new and used honda dealer in philadelphia
looking for the new honda car, truck, suv, or van of your dreams? our new honda lineup is filled with the latest honda models on the market. from the gorgeous new honda accord to the brand-new honda cr-v, we have a new honda vehicle for every type of feasterville area driver. the following are some of our most popular new honda models:

honda civic
honda accord
honda cr-v
honda hr-v
honda odyssey
honda pilot

we also carry a wide variety of used cars from honda and other automakers. these pre-owned vehicles are meticulously inspected and competitively priced to ensure every northeast philly and langhorne area driver can find the like-new vehicle that is both affordable and long-lasting. whether you're interested in a brand-new honda or a like-new version, we recommend taking a closer look at our new and used inventories to see which one fits you best.
our friendly and experienced sales staff will explain each model's characteristics. additionally, we provide educational resources on this site, such as:

honda cr-v leasing
honda cr-v hybrid sport-l trim level overview
honda cr-v colors

finance your new honda at our philadelphia honda dealer
here at sloane honda philadelphia, we also have a finance center that's prepared to help you purchase the new or used vehicle you'd love. our team of car financing experts will walk you through each lease and loan option, can help you determine what type of financing you'd prefer, and will work with any credit situation or financial plan. we also offer many monthly lease deals, which allow you to save money on the new honda lease you crave. don't know if you should lease or loan? we're also here to help you discover the many leasing benefits available.
find the honda service and parts you need in philadelphia
to ensure that your honda vehicle is as long-lasting as it can be, we suggest scheduling your routine maintenance and repairs with our honda certified service center. here, we not only have trained and certified honda technicians, but we also contain the right equipment and tools for any honda service task. to keep your honda car as new as possible, we only use the highest quality honda parts and accessories as well. be sure to check out our regularly updated service coupon specials for great deals.
if you'd prefer to perform your own maintenance, we also offer a fully stocked honda parts department. this genuine honda parts center is filled with the right parts and accessories for any at-home task. if you'd like, you can even order the parts you need right from our online parts order form.


a personalized buying experience
sloane honda understands that buying a car is an important decision, and not every one wants the same shopping experience. as a result, we've personalized the purchase process. all vehicles in our online new and pre-owned inventories include clickable "explore payments" buttons. if buying a car completely online was like an electric vehicle, and just visiting the dealership was a gasoline-powered one, this would be a hybrid.
explore payments sends you to our site-integrated digital retailing tool, which enables you to handle part of the purchase from the comfort of your home - regardless of whether you plan to lease or finance. there, you can securely:


get pre-approved with our electronic credit application
compare lease and finance terms and options
estimate payments
estimate your car's trade-in value
submit an offer
schedule a test drive

in the event you need to continue at another time, you can save your progress. additionally, you can easily contact us online at any point during the process. our sales and finance teams would be happy to answer your questions and get back to you in a timely manner.
northeast philly location highlights

new dealership building is under construction. slated to open spring 2025.
at the intersection of bustleton ave. and haldeman ave.
approximately 15 miles northeast of center city.
a little over 2 miles from the northeast philadelphia airport.
within walking distance from bustleton field, site of the first regularly scheduled us post office air mail delivery.


visit sloane honda philadelphia and discover what we offer pennsylvania drivers
are you interested in seeing what we have to offer? if so, we'd love to have you stop by our honda dealership in the bustleton section of northeast philadelphia. allow us to show you around and offer you a test drive at your next convenience. if you'd like to talk with a member of our team, don't hesitate to contact us via phone, online chat, or text. we'd love to answer any questions that you may have!



                           copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | consent preferences | sloane honda | 9903 bustleton avenue, philadelphia, pa 19115 | sales: 215-305-5000             












  


                    