


















































	
        
    
        library
    
        - oxford county












<iframe  title="google tag manager" src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-wch89b3" height="0" width="0" aria-hidden="true">

























close alert banner











skip to content




 



    
        library
    
















back to county homepage





calendar


location and hours


log in/my ocl






        connect
    


        i want to...
    








borrow & learnborrow & learnebooks and eaudionew booksbook clubscatalogueall databases and subscriptionscool stuff to borrowdiscover diverse perspectivesfor kids and teenskitchen librarylearning and educationlocal historymagazines and newspapersmovies and musicoxford readsquick picksour servicesaccessibilityadult literacy and language learningcommunity resourcesconversion stationemployment resourceshome delivery servicekitchen librarylearning and educationlocal historymaker spacemobile printingox on the runreaders advisorytech helpprograms & events1000 books before kindergartencalendarforest of readingox on the runoxford readssuggest a programsummer reading clubteen photography contestteen book boxesyour oclaccessibilityborrowingcontact usdonationslibrary boardlocations and hourspoliciesstaffyour accountlivestream



















×









 connect



oxford county library
headquarters21 reeve street, p.o. box 1614,woodstock, ontario n4s 7y3phone 519-539-9800fax 519-537-1053
see all library locations


follow us on














mobile app
see all the ways you can learn more, have your say, and shape your city: get involved
newsletter
looking for good books to read? sign up for our newsletters and get great book suggestions by email.


locations and hoursoxford county library has several branches in ontario. know more about our location and operation hours.your ocloxford county library provides oxford’s communities with excellent, responsive services in a welcoming and inclusive environment.










i want to...


my ocllog in or registermy library dashboardmy profilemy settingsprovide feedback on our servicesmy libraryknow the library hoursborrowingview the cataloguemy servicesmobile printingtech helplocal history

















 
library weather alert – february 15, 2025
due to inclement weather, some of our branches will be closing early today, saturday february 15. before heading out, we encourage you to contact your local branch for the latest updates. stay safe and warm!
  
have your say in shaping the 2025 oxford reads shortlist!
what book do you think our community needs to read right now? whether it's topical, thought-provoking, or simply unforgettable, we want to hear from you! submissions are open until friday, february 21, 2025, so don't miss your chance to help inspire oxford readers. who knows? your choice could make the shortlist! 
give us your suggestion!  
forest of reading beanstack challenge starts january 10
children, youth and adults can join us in reading the forest of reading award nominated books by canadian authors, illustrators, and publishers! read as many of the 10 nominated books as you can in your age category and track your reading on beanstack. children and youth read from january-april. adults read from january- september. then vote for your favourite book!

discover this year's titles now!  
borrow a kobo!
attention ereaders: you can now borrow a kobo clara colour from the oxford county library! kobos are available for three week loans and are holdable from any of our 14 branches. sync your libby account to our kobo and start your reading journey. ask your local branch staff for more information.
borrow now!  
learn about the ingersoll rural cemetery potter's field project
a potter's field is the burial place of the forgotten, marginalized and stigmatized members of ingersoll’s community who didn’t have the means to pay for a burial. this summer, a team of historians, archaeologists and students at western are working to uncover the history of potter's field and tell the stories of the more than 350 community members who are buried there. this project was inspired by the digitization of the cemetery’s massive burial log, undertaken by our local history technician vicki brenner. 
see the burial register
learn more about the project 









news & notices
view all news




loading news feed...







popular links


search the cataloguelocation and hoursyour accountlocal historyreaders advisoryevents calendar








readers advisory


looking for a book recommendation?
ask our readers advisory team
oxford county library
with a vision to “connect, discover, share, become,” oxford county library provides oxford’s communities with excellent, responsive services in a welcoming and inclusive environment. services encompass free lending of books, dvds and other materials; access to online catalogues, databases and lifelong learning tools; community information; local history and genealogy support; children’s, teen, and adult programming; literacy services; job search resources and information about government services; computer access; the kitchen library and more. the library’s 14 branches are located in brownsville, burgessville, embro, harrington, ingersoll, innerkip, mount elgin, norwich, otterville, plattsville, princeton, tavistock, thamesford and tillsonburg.




 


 











blandford-blenheim|east zorra-tavistock|ingersoll|norwich|south-west oxford|tillsonburg|woodstock|zorra



















© 2022 oxford county

designed by ghd digital






about


borrow & learnour servicesprograms & eventsyour ocl




resources




accessibility


feedback


ocl policies & forms


privacy


website feedback






contact


oxford county library21 reeve street, p.o. box 1614, woodstock, ontario n4s 7y3phone: 519-539-9800contact us
 


































close old browser notification


browser compatibility notification
it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.









