  books in motion –             
skip to content


 my account0 items









audiobooksbooks by genrebooks by authorbooks by readerabout usblognewslettercheckoutcontactfaqauthor submissionsnarrator submissions
books in motion





click here for all audibooks read by damon abdallah
reader highlight as the studio manager here at books in motion with over 20 years of recording experience, i would like to introduce you to damon abdallah,  one of the most dynamic audiobook narrators in the world.damon has considerable experience in theater, film, and -- most extensively -- audiobook narration.he skillfully and effortlessly transports you, the listener, directly into any story, grasping your imagination and captivating your attention.damon brings credibility and authenticity to any dialog by using highly engaging vocal characterizations. he can expertly bring multiple, distinct characters a strong sense of grounded reality in any book that he performs.whether a seasoned detective's hardened voice or a nurturing grandmother's gentle tone, every performance is portrayed with an air of truthfulness and depth.prepare to be smoothly handed over into the world of any novel that you are listening to, as damon delivers an exciting and immersive audiobook experience unlike any other.for an introduction to this compelling performer, click below on this audio sample. 
https://booksinmotion.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/damon-freedom_run.mp3 
new releases

see all new releases
the serpent of spirit lakeby loretta jackson & vickie brittonmysteriesbook 13
more info
listen nowspooky shadowsby jennifer j. morganmysteriesbook 5
more info
listen nowshadow retreatsby jennifer j. morganmysteriesbook 04
more info
listen nowwhere is my husband?by ivanka fearmysteries-
more info
listen now
bestsellers

see all bestsellers
easy errorsby steven f. havillbestsellersbook 12
more info
listen nowtribulation forceby tim lahaye and jerry b. jenkinsbestsellersbook 02
more info
listen nowthe broken countryby brian daleybestsellersbook 03
more info
listen nowleft behind series pack twoby tim lahaye and jerry b. jenkinsbestsellersbooks 7-12
more info
listen now
popular genres
action and adventureamericanabestsellersbible studieschristian fictionclassicscrimefree downloadsfamily friendlyfantasygeneral fictionhistoricalhumormysteriesnew releasesnonfictionromanceromance - paranormalscience fictionself helpstaff pickuncategorizedwesternbrowse all genres >
staff recommendation
with two eyes into gehennaby jane lebakhistoricala rosary in one hand. a dagger in the other. sister magdalena never heard of the catherinite nuns until the day she faced her own death sentence. rome, 1562. it’s the era of the index of banned books and the roman inquisition. kings still burn heretics. the worst threats come from within the church itself….
order now!
sign up for our newsletter!

notice: javascript is required for this content.
 get to know us!starting in 1980, books in motion is one of the pioneers of the unabridged audiobook industry. only three unabridged audiobook companies existed then. and we were all selling our wares to public libraries.

learn more
faqdo you have questions? we have answers!

learn more
“books in motion is, without question, the best audiobook company i deal with (service, quality of merchandise, and cost).”ron roloffav dept. head, ector county libraryhomeabout usnewsletterfaqcontact ussubmissions
your favorite audiobook supplier since 1980.© 2025 books in motion.website by vexing media
hosted by digitimber in spokane wa



facebook social media link





twitter social media link





instagram social media link





tiktok social media link






                          




