



mathematical interactivities - games, puzzles and other interactive multimedia resources online for teachers and kids - by david hellam










mathematical interactivities - puzzles, games and other online educational resources








introduction

 this is a short list of some of the flash-based interactivities i have made available to play online from my websites. i'm in the process of re-writing a lot of these with scratch, read my math games weblog and interactivity weblog.




popular math games online

the frog puzzle online - click on the lily pads to make the frogs move across the pond by hopping or sliding. can you work out how
            many moves you would need to shift any number of frogs?
flash algebra  - is it an algebra lesson about flash, or a flash
            lesson on algebra? plus interactive tools to solve linear, quadratic and simultaneous equations.
mathematical
            matches - a series of flashcard/concentration puzzles -
            sometimes with an added interactive twist. covers a wide range of
            mathematical topics. add your own, if you want.
interactive 100
            square chart - investigate patterns made by multiples of numbers in a 100 square. if that's too easy, try the n-square
            investigation.
tessellations -
            (actually, my students did this one - finalists in  twinsite 2000).
            investigating tessellation patterns in logo and flash. escher-style
            tessellations and islamic patterns.

linking policy
many teachers find it much easier to link directly to specific puzzles online, rather than direct their students to this index. feel free to do this from your own classroom webpage.
number puzzles

magic square, magic triangle 1 and magic triangle 2 - the first three of a series of number puzzles. drag the numbers onto the red circles to make the rows, columns and diagonals all add up to the same total. a more polished and extended version will appear on the math games website in october 2009.
magic stars (1), magic stars (2) two more from a series of number puzzles. drag the numbers onto the red circles to make the sums and products of two sets of four numbers the same. a more polished and extended version will appear on the math games website in october 2009.
colour
            quiz - answer the simple addition questions. correct answers
            colour the picture in.
crossnumber
            - add the 5-digit numbers together to give you the answers to the
            clues in this crossnumber puzzle.
odd
            one out - decide which calculation is the odd one out because it has a different answer to all the others. i was quite pleased with this mathgame, because it requires a little more thought that your standard arithmetic drill based on the four rules of number. i'm thinking of putting together a set of simpler versions of this puzzle for younger students.
tabletimes
            -
            simple multiplication quiz game, see how quickly you can answer 10
            questions in a row correctly.
multiplication tables - want to learn any number's times table?
            also available as an asp script or a spreadsheet at interactivestuff.org...
bomb numbers - the
            old bomber arcade game - updated into an online mathematics drill. drop
            bombs on skyscrapers to answer multiplication table questions. for
            those who prefer their mindless carnage online, there is also a retro version of
            the original  bomber game.
build a bug 
            - speed arithmetic on the four rules of number - correct answers result in different bits of a bug being put together.
number
            maze - move around a maze collecting numbers, plus and
            multiplication signs to make a target of 100 in as short a time as
            possible.
  number cruncher - mathematical arcade game where you use the arrow keys to guide the number cruncher around the screen, collecting multiples as you move. 
multiples
            - simple feedback for identifying  different multiples in a
            list of numbers
sectors - what fraction of a circle
            has been shaded? answer in lowest terms!
shade
            -
            shade in the correct number of regions to equal the fraction given.
fraction
            switch  - put the sequence of fractions into ascending order by
            switching them round.
up to
            one  - find the third fraction which when added to the two shown,
            will bring their total to one whole.
equivalent
            fractions  - enter the correct numbers into the boxes to make a
            series of equivalent fractions.
decimal
            challenge - guess the decimal number between 0 and 10 that has
            been chosen. guesses are recorded and a number line is drawn.
sock 
            - 3d online mathematical game based on an isometric grid. push the green blocks into the holes to make the target number.
switch
            -
            put the sequence of decimal numbers into ascending order by
            switching them round.
scales
            -
            move the pointer to match the decimal number given to you.
percentage estimation - try to
            estimate what percentage of the bar has been shaded. score 3 marks
            for being spot on. 2 for a very close answer, 1 for a fairly close
            answer.
pie
            test  - estimate the size of the sector of the pie chart which has
            been shaded yellow..
roman to arabic - convert roman numerals into standard arabic numbers.
arabic to roman - convert standard arabic numbers into roman numerals online.




interactive algebra online

think of a number - interactive discussion starter.
substitution
            - evaluate the expressions by substituting numbers for letters.
sequences
            -
            work out the 4th, 5th, 10th, 20th and nth terms in a number
            sequence.
algebra
            crossnumber - to solve this crossnumber puzzle, you also need to
            work out what numbers x and y represent.
function machine - to solve this problem, you must work out how to continue the sequence of numbers - drag the operators into the boxes on the function machine to help. now available as 2 step and 1 step puzzles, for those of you who prefer to solve simpler math problems.





measurement, shape and space: interactive geometry

making
            measurements - finalist in the 2000 stem project awards. four
            interactive mathematical challenges inspired by the weighing and
            measuring gallery at the science museum. 
3d
            boxes  - calculate how many cubes you need to make the different 3d
            shapes shown.
telling
            the time - a clock and simple matching exercises.
 shape game - use the mouse to
            click on the shapes and move them to the right container, but avoid
            being caught by the other robots. 
shape sorter
            - the most boring of three different shape identification
            interactivities. a more interesting approach is the binary
            tree  interactivity - much more flexible, as it can also cope
            with very different situations
geometrical jumbles
            - unjumble the different geometry terms.
geometrical
            rainbow - drag the letters into the pot to spell out the word
            that matches the clue.
geometry
            facts - decide which statements about geometry are true and
            which are false in this short quiz.
angle
            estimator - decide which angle is the same as the one drawn by the
            computer.
projectile
            -
            fire the cannon to hit the target - trial and error fun! simple online example of a traditional mathematical computer game. 
charts -
            draw pie charts and bar charts in flash.
triangle
            test - timed test for calculating the areas of different
            triangles.
turtle -
            a pre-alpha version of a turtle geometry parser in flash. copes with
            sets of commands like: repeat 4 [repeat 5 [fd 30 rt 72 ] rt 90] but nothing too
            fancy yet.
nets - uses
            my flash turtle to draw the nets of several different polyhedra
            including octahedron, dodecahedron and icosahedron.




fun with handling data

two dice
            bar chart - draws a bar chart to show the result of rolling two
            dice 150 times.
how likely?
            - if the probability of an event is 0.5, how likely would 12
            successes out of 20 trials be? use this interactivity to find the
            answer to this and other questions.
          marbles
            - simulates an experiment where you remove red, green and blue
            marbles with or without replacement
combinations - how many different cars,
            football strips or ice creams can you create?




puzzles, maths investigations, trivia

mathematical
            hangman - test your knowledge of common arithmetic terms with
            this hangman game.
amazing age cards - how does the
            computer know which number you've picked?
bingo card
            generator - creates random bingo cards. nothing more. however,
            it did form the basis of my dolch word list talking bingo card
            generator. one day i'll get round to developing the concept further.
high-low - simple classic online math game. this is the first thing i usually try to write in any new programming language. how many tries do you need to guess a number between 1
            and 999? 
  subtractor - an interactive doodle that plays with the
            concept that multiplication is repeated addition and division is
            really repeated subtraction.
famous mind-reading card trick - how can
            the computer work out which one of 27 cards you're thinking about?
pick
            discs  - click on the discs to beat the computer, the last one to
            click on a disc wins!
 timelord - a blast of nostalgia for devotees of old, retro computer games. move the timelord around to avoid being exterminated by robots.
 spacewar - yes,
            a not very good flash version of the old classic. suitable for
            demonstrating gravity as an example of an inverse square law...
curves of pursuit
            - actually, it's really curves of pursuit meets xeno's paradox
            - up to 24 bugs follow eachother around the screen.
curve stitching
            - click three times to draw a curve using just straight lines, click
            in three places elsewhere for another one and so on...
estimating pi
            - using the monte carlo method
conway's life - the
            original life (0 player) mathematical game - done in flash - for those of you who like simple cellular automata.
sierpinski gasket,
            spleenwort
            fern, julia
            set and mandelbrot
            set fractals - all done in flash. 




 



other subjects



new sites:ictspecialist.com - a new set of ict games, puzzles and quizzes, plus additional it notes and worksheets for teachers and students. also, in the new year, i'll be unveiling literacy games and numeracy games as my next projects.
for other subjects, i have a few resources at my interactivity
        scratchpad. also, a set of code
        snippets listing various 'proof of concept' resources in php, flash and
        javascript.
i also added a not-so-frequently
        asked questions section. just for fun...



 



math games website




my latest site: the math games project. opened to the public in october 2004, and due for a facelift and a relaunch this month. the purpose of the site is to provide mathematical arcade games for downloading, as well as playing online.
        



 



the interactivities forum




hot news!the interactivities forum is to be relaunched on its 6th anniversary this december - more details to follow.
join a group of educators who
        discuss student/teacher web-based interactivity. in other words, we
        collaborate on similar projects to these, share news and advice, give
        encouragement and support.
 plus, source code for many of these
        interactivities to help you learn how to create your own interactive
        educational multimedia resources.
 to join, visit
        http://forum.interactivestuff.org






