





family ice – family ice











































skip to content








tel: (207) 781-4200 

facebookinstagram 










  


search for:








homeabout skate shopboard of directorsstaffprograms public sessionslearn to skate usaopportunity skatespeed skatingfigure skatinghockey youth hockeywomen’s hockey societyhigh school hockeyhockey camps & clinicshockey clubslee twombly pondsupport family ice donatesponsorshipsthank you to our donorscontact follow us on facebookfollow us on instagram






search for:















 






family ice center 
							maine’s premier year round ice skating and community center 
							 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 














family ice & twombly pond – falmouth maine | homejoe2025-01-27t15:31:45+00:00

welcome to family ice center!

the family ice center is southern maine’s premier year-round ice skating and community center.
family ice center, located in falmouth, maine offers a full complement of programs that include public skating indoors as well as outdoors on one of maine’s finest refrigerated outdoor skating surfaces: the lee twombly pond at family ice center. the “pond” has successfully undergone extensive repairs and upgrades with a brand new surface and refrigeration infrastructure thanks to our wonderful community and partners.
family ice center is a 501[c]3 non-profit organization.
lee twombly pond
thank you community!

over 25 years ago, the lee twombly pond debuted as maine’s first and only outdoor refrigerated pond, providing community members of all ages the opportunity to enjoy one of winter’s most iconic, inclusive outdoor activities.
a capital campaign to raise the funds to complete this project was launched in the winter of 2023 and has generated widespread community support. due to the generosity of our donors, we were able restore the refrigeration system and pond infrastructure and re-open for the ’23-’24 season.
to reach our ultimate fundraising target and ensure the pond can endure for future generations of skaters, we still need support from our entire community, in falmouth and beyond.
learn more about our fundraising goals and how you can help. click here
grand re-opening event

we did it together!
in late fall of 2022, when it became clear that the lee twombly pond would not open due to failing infrastructure, the board of directors and staff at family ice center decided to launch a fundraising campaign to rebuild the pond. we reached out to our community and asked for contributions – and you delivered.
we received over 250 individual donations in a little more than a year, enabling us to rebuild and unveil a brand new outdoor refrigerated facility for the future enjoyment of the residents of falmouth, and beyond. to all who contributed, we thank you sincerely. our 2023-24 season was enormously successful. we welcomed thousands of skaters to the pond, and launched a free learn to skate program, thanks to the generous support of our sponsor, l.l.bean.
at the end of every season, we make the difficult decision to close the pond when maintaining the ice becomes untenable, and we are at that point now. we hope you had a chance to enjoy the unique experience of free outdoor public skating, and look forward to next fall when we will crank up the hoses, and cold night temperatures will once again transform the lee twombly pond into a skater’s paradise.
if you donated to our save the pond campaign, you should find your name acknowledged here. if you do not see your name or you need to make a correction, please email us at josh@familyice.org. next season we will proudly unveil an outdoor marker acknowledging all our generous donors.
thank you, and congratulations. we did it together!



public skating hours

public skating runs from early december through late february on our outdoor pond only. there is no indoor public skating currently. pond hours are 10am-9pm daily (weather permitting). pond skating is free of charge thanks to our generous sponsors. no sticks or pucks allowed, and we do not offer rental skates.

pond closings are posted on our facebook and instagram pages as necessary.




girls icicle invitational tournament

casco bay’s 6th annual girls icicle invitational tournament is a president’s day tourney and welcomes teams from new england and canada!
february 15-17 2025
details & registration

mnhl – maine novice hockey league spring 2025 hockey

register now!
registration & details here

women’s hockey society

learn more!
 
follow us!
    


there’s a lot happening at family ice center!


skating programs



hockey



lee twombly pond


 
thank you to our amazing sponsors!

become a sponsor
with over 150,000 visitors a year, family ice center is the perfect location for your branding and ice skating needs.
learn how you can become a sponsor! click here



 
 





about family ice the family ice center, located just north of portland in falmouth, is southern maine’s premier year round ice skating and community center offering a full complement of year-round skating based programs that include public skating indoors and outdoors.
learn more
view programs
hockey
 

 

quick links home
about us
— skate shop
— board of directors
— staff
programs
— learn to skate usa program
— public sessions
— opportunity skate
— speed skating
hockey
— youth hockey
— high school hockey
— women’s hockey
— camps & clinics
— hockey clubs
lee twombly pond
— donate
sponsorships
contact us

 

save the pond 
can we count on you? 
learn more
thank you to our donors!
follow us!
facebook
instagram

 

contact physical address: 
20 hat trick dr. falmouth, me 04105
mailing address:
po box 6127, falmouth, me 04105
phone: (207) 781-4200
email: josh@familyice.org



 

 
 
 





		copyright family ice center | falmouth, maine | fic is a 501(c) 3 organization. | website by mystyc new media 


facebookinstagram
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link















go to top




