       
	division of children & family services home
                            
            es-exclude-start-header
           skip to main content   

skip to main content
skip to navigation
skip to footer


 




circle-left



circle-right



search



youtube-play



twitter-square



facebook-square



group



flag-o



newspaper-o



star-o



desktop



certificate



envelope-o



share-alt



print



notebook-list



notebook-text



document-recording





   












social media





site search



submit








the main and utility menus utilize arrow, enter, escape, and space bar key commands. left and right arrows move across top level links and expand / close menus in sub levels. up and down arrows will open main level menus and toggle through sub tier
    links. enter and space open menus and escape closes them as well. tab will move on to the next part of the site rather than go through menu items.







toggle navigation







home
i need
i am a
services
departments
resources 
news & events
get involved
about hhs
informacion en español





search





    


            due to routine maintenance, websites may be unavailable on monday, february 17, 2025, from 6:00 am to 11:00 pm eastern.
during this time, you may experience intermittent interruptions or find
certain pages inaccessible. we apologize for any inconvenience.
        

access cold weather safety resources   https://cuyahogacounty.gov/coldweather



   


home 
departments 
detail



    es-exclude-end-header










            children and family services
        

dcfs works to assure children at risk of abuse and neglect are protected and nurtured within a family and with the support of the community as we strive to end the over-representation of people of color in the child welfare system. safety, permanency, and well-being are the goals for every child and family we encounter.  employees investigate allegations, assess child safety and risk contributors, and help stabilize families that have been weakened through poverty, illness or crisis. dcfs provides safe and appropriate placement for children in county custody, and helps achieve permanency through reunification, legal custody or adoption.
report abuse & neglect




                more about children and family services
            

about dcfspolicies and proceduresdcfs client and family rightsweekly data reportannual statistical reportsmou between dcfs and all cuyahoga county law enforcement agenciesour families first








related information









                            jane edna hunter building
                        

                            quincy place neighborhood family service center
                        






                                        jane edna hunter building 
                                        3955 euclid avenue 
                                        cleveland, oh 44115
                                    
hours
monday-friday: 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.

additional information:
free parking
public transportation: http://www.riderta.com/










                                        quincy place neighborhood family service center 
                                        8111 quincy avenue 
                                        cleveland, oh 44104
                                    
hours
temporarily closed to the public 
please visit our jane edna hunter or virgil e. brown locations. 

additional information:

free parking
public transportation: http://www.riderta.com/
















    es-exclude-start-quickexit





                quick exit
            




    es-exclude-end-quickexit


 





 was this page helpful?        
yes  
        no




how could we make it better? leaving an email can assist us in troubleshooting the issue.










submit  
                cancel





thank you for your feedback
 your feedback means a lot to us. we use it to improve the experience of all of our users. 








  
            es-exclude-start-footer
          



social media



facebooktwitteryoutubenewsletterinstagram





divisions



select division...child support services
children and family services
cuyahoga job and family services
family and children first council
fatherhood initiative
invest in children
office of homeless services
office of reentry
senior and adult services






contact us



hhs administrative officesjane edna hunter building3955 euclid avenuecleveland, oh 44115216-881-5554 (phone) 216-263-4684 (fax)





site info



privacy policy
disclaimer
accessibility
eeo plan







powered by the department of information technology





the official government website of cuyahoga county. quick facts about cuyahoga county from the u.s. census bureau cuyahoga county is a member of the national association of counties











  
            es-exclude-end-footer
                