

medical antiques: collecting surgical and bloodletting items





















the arbittier museum of medical history


early medical antiques
 

civil war surgical & 
		medical antiques
 
a resource 
      for collecting early medical, civil war, surgical, apothecary, dental, textbooks and bloodletting 
      antiques 
 
the collections 
		and museum of medical antiques of douglas arbittier, md, mba 






the content of 
	this web site is an on-going 
	educational project for those interested in collecting and learning more 
	about our fascinating medical history. specializing in cased 
    surgical and dental sets, bloodletting artifacts, early medical instruments, as well as 
	medicine and surgery during the civil war.  if you 
    are seeking research, photos, information, pricing, and people who are 
    passionate about preserving our medical and surgical history... 
 this is the place to 
    visit.



			 

the arbittier museum of medical history


 
tour 

the arbittier 
	museum of medical history

the website is divided into two 
	parts:

	 

 'general 
	medical antiques' and 'civil 
	war medical antiques'
 

there is a separate index for 
	the general and civil war sections
 

 

'general medical antiques'














 





antiques on 
          this web resource run the medical gamut to include american, english, 
			french, german, medical art and italian large cased 
          surgical sets, dental instruments, apothecary items, obstetrical 
          pieces, stethoscopes, hearing devices, spectacles, and bloodletting 
          devices like spring lancets, fleams, scarificators, and leech jars!   
			there is a complete civil war display of military surgery sets as 
			well as civil war surgeon images.  the entire  collection is housed in 
			a stand-alone private museum.
			 


enter: 

medical antiques
 















 
 

 'civil war medical 
	antiques'

	 





civil war medicine & surgical 
		antiques

				 

civil war surgical set collections:

 1860 to 1865 
		- civilian and military

surgeon 
		education & medical textbooks



 douglas arbittier, 
				md, mba 



 

  
					
 
					
 
					
  
					
 

				  
					
 
					
				    
				  


        

enter:
 
civil war 
medical antiques
   













there 
									are over 900 pages and 10,000+ images in this 
									extensive study of civil war medical and 
									surgical history.  subjects covered: 
									medical text books, medical school history, 
									military medicine, civil war military 
									surgical sets, in-depth analysis of 
									instruments found in surgical sets, military 
									images of surgeons, army and navy applicants, and hundreds of articles 
									on surgery and instruments from 1840 to 
									1870.  





 






search website:  medicalantiques.com
indexes: general medical antiques  |  civil war surgical antiques
 
alphabetical index for civil war surgical antiques



arbittier museum of medical history tour: 1  |  2  |  3


follow on instagram@medical.antiques  | contact 









"medicalantiques.com" is a registered domain.  photos are copyrighted 1998 - 2025.   no use of content on any other web site without specific permission from dr. arbittier.  students may use content without direct permission for homework assignments.









