






world of owls – northern ireland's only owl, bird of prey and exotic animal centre









































 










 






world of owls animal education centre 




t (0044) (0) 28 9447 2307								
																	email: admin@


								world of owls co ltd32 mount shalgus lane, randalstown forest, antrim, bt41 3le								






















 



















home
about us

history of world of owls
what woo do
who’s who
tv & media
frequently asked questions
privacy policy


the centre

opening, price & directions
raptor awards
other centres


our animals

owls
other birds of prey
reptiles
mini beasts
other animals


education

school approach
teacher says!
teacher’s section

teachers pack
pre-school
key stage one

what woo do


key stage two
year eight to ten
year eleven and up
higher education


what are owls?

barn owl hunting
beaks, feathers and flight
food and hunting
owl ears and hearing
talons and feet
behaviour
eyes and vision
reproduction
rescued birds
owls of the world




conservation

philippine eagle foundation
nirsg
barn owl bap
new projects
wildlife

wildlife rescue-ni
orphan prevention
12 steps
injured wildlife
useful numbers
helping wildlife
useful numbers




how to help

please donate
sponsoring
gift ideas
corporate sponsorship
our owl friends
with thanks


outreach visits

school and educational visits
fun day visits
payments and donations


contact us
 























welcome to world of owlsnorthern irelands only owl, bird of prey & exotic animal centre: please read our "opening & directions" page, all info there.open to the public, no need to bookall info: "the centre" web-page on our website! "opening & directions"one of the uk's largest collections of owlsregistered charitycome and visit with us and meet the owls and their friends.best small visitor attraction northern ireland by tripadvisor - world host customer service excellence award - rspb best voluntary contribution  -  best small visitor attraction tourism nimulti award winning voted in the top 20 places to visit in northern irelandschool visitsni education authority approved, fully licensed,insured and access ni checked!our animalseducation by enjoyment at the world of owlsowls from around the worldone of the most varied collection of owls in the uk & irelandthe philippine eagle foundation (pef)proud to be assisting the philippine eagle foundation (pef)proudly supporting cancer fund for children’s readon campaign cancer fund for childrencffcbest small visitor attraction nimulti award winning centrebest small visitor experience niabout us in brief:world of owls is a self funded charity with unpaid staff who devote their life to looking after all the rescued animals at the sanctuary. most of our staff have differing conditions which may make it difficult to communicate with visitors, please be courteous.we are a non-funded working rescue centre, we are not a shiny theme park type zoo. if you have any questions, please ask our staff, sometimes a simple explanation will make things very clear about some of our practices.  last admission is one hour before closing time.  closed during dangerous weather conditions.



prev



next

 
 


          you can always get up to date information from our facebook pages click here!! 




 


recruiting new volunteers world of owls is going through a very difficult time at the moment still recovering from the pandemic, could you help? we are looking for new volunteers to help us look after all the animals at the centre.
contact us for more details. 




 


volunteer at the world of owlseveryone at world of owls is a volunteer. 
interested in: 
learning new skills-working in a team-educating others-learning animal management-learning the ancient art of falconry.
we have a great bunch of volunteers that work well together and have fun together.
want to join them? 




 


sponsor an animalworld of owls is going through a very difficult time at the moment with the pandemic, could you help? make someone very happy by sponsoring an owl for them as a wonderful different gift.
the sponsor will have free admission into our centre to visit, along with a number of other benefits.
contact us for more details. 




 




  




 
latest news from the world of owls

read more +29 january 2025 by owladmin in latest postsstorm éowyn appeal 2025read more +20 june 2024 by owladmin in latest postsnow recruiting new volunteersread more +16 december 2023 by owladmin in woo newsnepal owl festival







  










 testimonials






trip advisor 




  





 




get social

copyright © 
 world of owls. all rights reserved.
charity no: nic100938




world of owls is proud to support: cancer fund for childrenthe philippine eagle foundation




help support world of owls

 








top



















