







klemme klassic kars | classic car dealership davenport, ia



























































skip to content






email team
(563) 386-2902













home
for sale
sell your car
contact us












menu toggle





home
for sale
sell your car
contact us

























klemme klassic kars



your classic car buyer located in davenport, ia 







search inventory








































































 









who we are?



klassic klemme kars sells and buys classic cars. we are a family owned classic car buyer and with over 50 years of experience. we are located in downtown davenport, ia with a variety of classic and muscle cars for sale.  






























what we offer





























find your vehicle


we have been helping the quad cities find cars for 50 years and know how to get the job done. have our professional start looking for your dream classic car today. let us know the make and model of the vehicle you are searching for and we will start looking. once we find it we will send you an email or give you a call. 


 











financing


klemme klassic kars has financing options available to help you get approved for your dream car. we work closely with lenders who specialize in classic car financing 


 











transportation


klemme klassic kars has the resources needed to make your move a safe and reliable one. with years of experience in the auto-shipping field, we know what it takes to get your vehicle shipped no matter the destination. 


 























we want to buy your car 
do you have an antique muscle or classic car? reach out to us to set up an appointment for us to take a look at your car. we are looking for antique muscle or classic cars with clean titles. 



set up an appointment


 
 



















featured inventory













truck

1955 chevrolet 3100 pickup – $37,900











coupe

1987 buick regal turbo – $44,900











convertible

1956 cadillac series 62 convertible – $59,900











convertible

1956 chrysler new yorker convertible – $34,900.











roadster

1932 ford highboy roadster – sold….sold….sold !!!












search inventory

























our happy customers



















we just traveled nearly 600 miles to klemme klassic kars in davenport, iowa to look at a car we saw on their website. without seeing the car in person we were skeptical as to whether the trip would be worthwhile. after meeting with kraig klemme and seeing the car for the first time, we were elated to find that the car was in better shape than we even expected it to be. we soon learned that the klemme family are honest, decent people with nothing to hide. no surprises. what a great experience. it's nice to know there are still people in this world that treat you right!  

margie b




first time ever buying a classic car online. not sure knowing how it was going to turn out, specially me living in ca. well, kraig really delivered on the car i purchased from klemme classics. everything went real smooth and the car is awesome, could not be happier. definitely the place to get your classic car and getting it delivered to your house. 2 thumbs up.  

danny j




while i was looking for a 69 camaro my wife and i looked at over 600 cars on the internet, made hundreds of phone calls, sent hundreds of emails, and made some very disappointing road trips. and discovered many suspected scams. then i seen kraig klemmes ad. kraig was the most honest and knowledgeable experience we had in our search. his car was exactly what he said it was and was fairly priced. he couldn't have been more accommodating. we traveled 750 miles to make our purchase and was not disappointed. we love our car and will definitely buy from klemme klassic kars again if they have what we're looking for. thank you kraig for helping my dream come true! wish we we could give you 10 stars! ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️  

harold f




i purchased a c4 corvette from kraig and i have to say the experience i had was the best. im located in australia and the help and support i got to get the car here was exceptional. kraig was more than honest about the condition of the car and i couldn't be happier. looking forward to buying again through klemme klassic kars. mark  

mark b




love klemme klassic kars, beautiful old cars, great customer service what makes its so amazing its family owned.  

kim c




son comes takes care of all my needs.deal done in a matter of minutes even delivery car to my front doors step. i would buy a car again form kraig again forsure… thanks again  

al n


 





















klemme klassic kars









get in touch






















about klemme klassic kars


 
klemme klassic kars has been around for over 50 years serving the davenport, ia community. we buy fine collector, classic, muscle & antique cars.



search inventory


 
 











connect with us


  





























quick links


  








 




for sale  








 




contact us  








 




privacy policy  











contact us


  







 





 
 301 e 3rd st, davenport, ia 52801
 
 







 





 
(563) 386-2902
 
 


















			© 2025 - klemme klassic kars | all rights reserved website by refined touch media




scroll to top










