





michael furtman's books, photos, and articles


michael furtman's natural words -- books, articles and photographs of the natural world 










this
          page updated 07/02/22

          all images and text 
           © michael furtman 










(psst....me, a children's author? yes! follow this 
		link to go to a new page that contains some of my published nature 
		stories for kids!)































           
need help or
        information?
        email me.

questions@michael
                  furtman.com 








dchs7172








 




            





welcome!
                my name is michael furtman, and i'm a full-time, freelance 
			  writer and photographer. read my full biography 


here.






except when i'm
          forced to sit at the old computer, my life revolves around the
          outdoors. i'm
        an unabashed environmentalist, hunter, wilderness
        canoeist, angler, and, well, just an all around outdoor bum. i've
        written zillions of magazine articles, quite a number
        of books, and sold a bunch of photographs, all of which have focused on natural history,
        the environment, outdoor recreation or conservation. 

          i'm glad you stopped by. to the left you'll find links to my books, my
                articles, and my photography. feel free to browse, and if you
                see something you like, i hope you'll consider a purchase. all
                of my books and photographs are available on-line here, and i'd
                be most pleased to sell you signed copies. 


  thanks!
          drop me an  
email if
          you have any questions.











my
        photos on magazine and catalog covers




         



 




         









   
            



  

 










copyright
        notice:  all photographs
        appearing on this site are the property of michael furtman. these
        photographs are protected by u.s. copyright laws and have been
        registered with the u.s. copyright office. they are not to be downloaded
        or reproduced in any way without written permission. by entering this
        site you accept these terms.




 

