




health by design - home | about | contact | assessment







 

h e a l t h     by     d e s i g n



		 




 













 

home | about | allergies 

		| 

blog | books | cancer
| 
		contact
|
		
depression  
		|  detox
 |

events
|
health forensics 

		 




















"everyone 
		has a doctor in him or her; we just have to help it in its work.  



the 
		natural healing force within each one of us is the greatest force 


in 
		getting well.”



		hippocrates, the father of medicine, greek physician (460bc-377bc) 

holistic health forensics and strategies for symptom free living, vitality, 

longevity 
				and whole person well-being 

developed by
				

		elisabeth hines, c.n.c., c.b.p.  
holistic wellness practitioner











     

h e a l t h    by    d e s i g n




				
		the health by design holistic wellness approach is a health investigation and healing modality that considers the whole person; body, mind, spirit, and emotions in the quest for optimal health, wellness and the promotion of healthy longevity. the health by design holistic protocol helps people to identify imbalances in their body (physical, emotional, or spiritual) and in their lives, which can negatively impact their overall health. the quest for well-being, which includes good health, is a 'life long journey' not merely a destination. we are all on our well-being journeys! the best way to improve your health is to learn as much as you can about the factors that affect your body, your health and well-being using holistic investigation principles; and then follow holistic guidance to help you deal with those challenging factors. visit my latest blog posts 'for a healthier you'! to get started and for updates. click on the contact tab at the top of the page for information on appointments, consultations and bodyfeedback training.


	 

do you suffer from unwanted 
	symptoms and conditions?

is your ultimate goal in life to become 
	symptom free and healthy, 

so that you can get on with your life and the 
	pursuit of meaningful goals?

	 



	 


	
	let me guide you to 
	achieve 'symptom free status' and promote healthy longevity using a holistic health protocol, that i have 
	developed, to manifest your health recovery. it combines utilizing the body's amazing abilities (including 
	mind body healing) with holistic strategies and tools. learn how to reprogram your body to stop skewed, abnormal and unwanted responses.  you can find my easy to follow holistic protocol (how to guide) in my book found below. see what people are saying about the whole person well-being equation!
	
	

     

     





get started on your quest for 'a healthier you' today! 


 













		
	wishing you health and happiness!




	 

	 

	 





 


							facebook


								health by design

 






follow us on instagram  







				        privacy 
				policy
				 



