




oviedo wrestling – best training wrestling club





















		skip to content	


oviedo wrestling

			best training wrestling club		







the americanization of the martial arts in the united states

it is no secret that asian martial arts are incredibly popular in the united states. any given town may have two or three korean tae kwon do schools, a few okinawan karate schools, a chinese kung fu school or two, and a handful of judo, aikido, jiu jitsu, and other schools scattered about. the prospective… continue reading the americanization of the martial arts in the united states


featured postpublished december 14, 2013categorized as usa martial arts  



jordan burroughs training

have you ever wondered how olympic wrestlers train?  take a quick peek into the training regimen of jordan burroughs who won a gold medal match and is an american, world & olympic champion in freestyle wrestling. are you ready to step your game up and take your training to the next level?  if so, contact us today! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=–azffglxo4… continue reading jordan burroughs training


published august 12, 2016categorized as usa martial arts  



youth wrestling training for champions of all ages

when it comes to youth wrestling programs, many of the high school and college wrestling training programs use the same techniques. in fact, they might even use the same training routines that the high school or college football team uses, but youth wrestling requires a different program of training for it to result in a… continue reading youth wrestling training for champions of all ages


published december 14, 2013categorized as kids wrestling workout  



high school wrestling: the importance of skills training and drilling

laying a good foundation of proper skills and technique is paramount to any sporting endeavor including wrestling. in order to build this foundation of skills an athlete needs to engage in a considerable amount of practice. technical ability is key in the sport of wrestling superior skill and technique almost always trumps superior strength. strength… continue reading high school wrestling: the importance of skills training and drilling


published december 14, 2013categorized as high school wrestling  







																						oviedo wrestling																		

				proudly powered by wordpress.			



 




