  






hmrs: home page




 the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.  toggle nav     my cart         menu  home society     purpose  membership - join us  membership joining or renewal  members page(s)  history  leaflet  faq  what's on services     area groups  stewards  modelling  academic  hmrs downloads  museum and study centre  education  links   collections     drawings  photographs  archives  the library  the journal   products     transfers  books  other sales  contact  account             see the what's on page for the society meeting schedule; to join the society, see the  membership page. ; for the latest news scroll down or visit latest news.     historical model railway societyrailway history brought to life in modelsresources for the researcher, modeller and historian a community supporting the study of railways informing the public about railways in societylatest news  find out more about the society and the services we provide area groups stewards modelling membership members pages  buy a copy of a photo or drawing or one of our products for modelling, research or pleasure. transfers photographs drawings books  explore our resources including our library and collections m&sc archives library  the journal photo collections drawings collections  about the hmrs

the historic model railway society (hmrs) was formally inaugurated at a meeting in chessington on 3 june 1950 with a membership of just 24. originally these members were mainly professional model makers, professional railwaymen or professional railway researchers. more information about the history of the society can be read under ‘society/history’.
for 70 years, the hmrs has been helping to record and preserve material on the history of britain’s railways from the early 1800s up to the present day and more importantly to make that material available to modellers, researchers and students. today it is an active society and educational charity, offering benefits for all who seek to understand how railways have contributed to british geography, industry and culture. we collaborate with railway line societies and public museums to further the growth of historical knowledge. we supply information, drawings, photographs and products to private individuals, bookshops, model manufacturers. see the ‘services’ menu and under ‘society/purpose’.
the society is a charitable incorporated organisation and is managed by trustees elected by the members annually. the society has a permanent museum and study centre at swanwick junction, derbyshire where (in normal circumstances) visits can be booked to view the documents we hold. we hold collections of over 300,000 engineering drawings and over 200,000 photographs and many timetables and railway archive material. work continues with these growing collections to catalogue and make them accessible through the internet or by direct access. we continue to receive new collections for the library, photographic, drawing and archive collections as well as models and modelling history papers. 
the society runs some local area groups, some of which meet regularly in person and online and are open to the public. we also have a members’ email discussion forum, sponsor students of railway history and support student and adult education in various ways.
  latest news  current informationthere continues to be only limited access to the museum & study centre. for the latest news, click on this link whats onlatest calendar downloadsfiles available for downloadexplore more© historical model railway society 1996 - 2024charitable incorporated organisation no. 1166144vat registration no. (gb) 231 1977 75 .
terms & conditions
privacy policy and cookies
trading terms and conditions
 website by gloversure   