



	web direct brands: hometown service in an online world


















 home




 our mission




 our stores




 our team




 customer satisfaction




 our facilities




 careers




 press room




 community outreach program




 bookmark this site




 resale cerificate




 user agreement




 contact us




 site map



































call us today toll free:
										






direct: (813)-920-7259
											888-932-4749
										



home | contact us | bookmark this site









our mission| our stores|
							customer satisfaction| careers| our facilities | investors














call us today toll free:
						











direct: (813)-920-7259
							888-932-4749
						



home | contact us








							welcome to web direct brands.com
						




web direct brands is an online retail corporation that began in 2002. operating
                        as a corporate base, web direct brands owns and runs a growing number of online
                        e-tailers. these web sites all operate independently of one another, but are governed
                        by the same dedication to customer support and are each held to the same management
                        principles. we provide a retail experience for our customers that far surpasses the
                        information and knowledgeable assistance that can be found in any brick and
                        mortar store, and has been unmatched on the web.
						









click here for more













								our facilities
							


							       
                based in odessa, florida, web direct brands is growing by the day. our facilities
                have been newly built with our unique business style in mind. the innovative design
                provides open spaces and lush indoor vegetation for a relaxing and generous personal
                work area. the buildings also include a conference room, workout facility, coffee
                shop and more. this is in addition to a large, full pallet warehouse for incoming
                inventory from our vendors originating in and out of the united states. 
                
							        our facilities
                are designed to be multi-functional. first and foremost, they are a wonderful place
                to work. healthy, relaxing and inviting are a few of the adjectives on which we based the
                design. secondly, it is a show room of our best lines. and lastly, it is a
                fully functional large capacity warehouse for rapid shipping to our valued customers.
			
						








								our stores
							


							       
                our stores are built around the premise that a well informed buyer makes the best
                customer for a mutually beneficial relationship. we design each site from the ground
                up, putting thought and effort into every page instead of using a cookie cutter
                design like many other retail companies. returns are never the end goal for any
                business and when the return is through mail order, everyone loses. that is why
                we put so much effort to build our sites in a way that the customer is guided to
                the correct product for him/her, be it a home improvement diy product, a musical instrument,
                cooking tools, or any of our other great product lines. helpful information that
                is easy to navigate is at the heart of our sites' sales. 
                
							        so we invite you to browse
                our stores. no matter what your interests or needs are, we feel confident that you
                will find a product that will enhance your life and save you money.
								
						








								our approach
							



							       
                our sales reps are trained far beyond what you would find at most traditional stores.
                every store we have has at least one true expert, and that expert continually trains
                the other sales reps to better serve the customer. our reps are all based in the
                united states, not in a call center overseas, and many of our more technical
                diy sites have extended support hours that service 7 days a week, 12 hours a day.
                
							       
                we believe in the talent of our employees, and that has been the deciding factor
                that has given us the edge in the industries we take on. give us a try and we are
                sure that you, too, will find them to be an excellent complement to our informative
                sites and rock bottom prices!

								
						









					call us at: 888-932-4749 or locally: 813-920-7259
					| click here to send us an email


home|our mission|our
                    stores|our team|customer satisfaction|our facilities|careers|press room|community outreach program

bookmark this site | resale
                                certificate|user agreement|contact us|site map





















					© copyright 2002-2025 web direct brands inc. all rights reserved
                13100 state road 54, odessa, fl 33556, usa
				


















