








light & life publishing






































light & life publishing




menu

						skip to content					
light & life publishing
about
our paperback books
our ebooks
 

search for:



 







light & life publishing


“if the church fathers had such great love and respect for books, can we today who are called to carry their torch and pass it on to coming generations do less?” anthony m. coniaris, introducing the orthodox church ~ its faith and life
discover (or rediscover) the writings of father anthony m. coniaris, the most prolific author of orthodox christian materials in the english language. light and life publishing is in the process of making available all the titles fr. coniaris has authored.



view our paperback books!



view our ebooks here!














fr. anthony coniaris has been one of my very special mentors throughout life. from a young age i read several of his books which presented our orthodox faith in practical and understandable language. even after i became a priest, a missionary, and an instructor at holy cross greek orthodox school of theology, i still refer to his books for inspiration and guidance, often passing on his books to others who want to follow the way of jesus christ. i especially find his books useful for catechumens and those being introduced to the faith, as well as several of his books for the preaching course i teach at our seminary. for all stages of our journey toward god, fr. anthony offers a variety of books that can nourish us and guide us.fr. luke veronispriest, professor at holy cross seminary and missionary greek orthodox archdiocese

father anthony coniaris was a humble giant of orthodox christianity in america. through his sermons and books, he led the way in making the orthodox christian faith accessible and relevant in everyday life. fr anthony’s ministry lives on through his books, encouraging and nurturing a strong personal faith in the context of membership in the church. i number myself among the countless individuals whose faith has been enriched by fr. anthony’s books.  fr. jim kordaris, directorstewardship, outreach & evangelism greek orthodox archdiocese of america

fr. anthony coniaris was a pioneer!  what is so special about his writings is his incredible ability to take abstract or mystical elements of our eastern theology and apply them so practically to our everyday life.  he helped me in my own faith development and in preaching and teaching with his numerous and poignant examples.  to the catechumens in our parish, i gave a copy of - introducing the orthodox church: its faith & life; and it had to be well over a hundred.  his memory will most truly be eternal through the lives of the thousands, perhaps tens of thousands of people he touched and continues to touch through his writings and publishing company.  well done, good and faithful servant of our lord!fr louis j. christopulos, chancellorgreek orthodox metropolis of denver
 






contact patty christopulos
president of light & life publishing
phone: 952.200.9566
email: patty@light-n-life.com
 



					proudly powered by wordpress				
















