






home - cbspd

































































































"quality is our commitment, patient safety is our goal."










































 



exams certification exams technician ambulatory surgery gi scope management surgical instrument specialist certification exam  csis important information dates & test sites exam development committee exam & cert. statisticsrecertificationceus learn about cbspd ceus online application for ceu approval download: ceu information packet ongoing ceu record download inservice resourcesresources faqs verification of certification job postings spd courses order a web banner ad upcoming seminars scholarships blog newsletterabout cbspd what is certification? meet the board cbspd certification board nominationshop all books merchandise download: book order formcontactsterile processing week spotlight







































				search			



search



 


















				search the site			



search



 






exams certification exams technician ambulatory surgery gi scope management surgical instrument specialist certification exam  csis important information dates & test sites exam development committee exam & cert. statisticsrecertificationceus learn about cbspd ceus online application for ceu approval download: ceu information packet ongoing ceu record download inservice resourcesresources faqs verification of certification job postings spd courses order a web banner ad upcoming seminars scholarships blog newsletterabout cbspd what is certification? meet the board cbspd certification board nominationshop all books merchandise download: book order formcontactsterile processing week spotlight



































































our exam committee is looking for volunteers to help with our exam development.  the focus will primarily be on our management exam.  you must hold a cbspd management certification and be able to volunteer a few hours of your time.  you will receive ceu credits for your participation.  if you are interested in helping please email us at volunteers@cbspd.net










































***our next testing window will be may 5th-10th 2025.  the applications will be available the first week in april under the exams tab*** 






*** the recertification packets for 2025 are now posted under the recertification tab above, scroll down the page to select your packet.*** 























this is your chance to get involved and make a difference. we are currently accepting applications for cbspd certified candidates to serve as representative on the certificant board.  this is for cspdt, cfer, cspm, csis, casspt.  if you would like to nominate someone or you are interested, please complete the nomination form located under the "about cbspd tab" above. cbspd certification board nomination

















we are an independent, international, certification board with over 33,000 certified members since 1991.
our technician, flexible endoscope reprocessor & management certifications are accredited by the ncca.

















certification exams:

























ambulatory surgery exam


designed for personnel performing sterile processing activities in an ambulatory surgery center, doctor’s or dental office. 



										read more									

























flexible endoscope exam


designed for personnel processing flexible gi endscopes & bronchoscopes. 



										read more									























technician exam


designed for spd technicians working in a hospital setting. 



										read more									

























management exam


designed for sterile processing directors, managers, supervisors or others in leaderships roles in spd. 



										read more									























exams


vendor certification. designed for vendors serving sterile processing or gi/endo departments. 



										read more									
























cbspd reviews






many arab technicians received cbspd certification. on behalf of the arab...
sami abu h   it's an international organization conducting international certification program...
samson p   as a certified technician who is also an rn, this certification board provides...
julia u   i already recommended my co workers and would definitely tell others , cbspd is top of the line!
maury h   i would really recommend cbspd because they really provide high quality education,...
joan l   this international organization helps a lot of people and organization all over the...
tommy j: philippines:   





















our mission






why choose us










our mission

































the mission of the cbspd is to promote and encourage high standards of ethical and professional practice through recognized, credible credentialing programs that encourages the competency of personnel performing cleaning, high level disinfection, preparation and assembly, sterilization and distribution of surgical instruments, flexible endoscopes and other devices to promote patient safety.







read more about us












professionals we support

nurses
doctors
technicians
infection prevention personnel
dentists













 






why choose us
































we’re experts.
the cbspd is administered by a board of directors who have extensive expertise in the profession of healthcare sterile processing and distribution & flexible endoscope reprocessing.






carry your hard earned money further.
one fee covers your certification or re-certification for 5 years.






the only spd certifying agency with 3 accredited certifications.
our technician, gi scope and management certifications are accredited by the ncca.






nationally and internationally recognized certifications.
our certifications are valid in the domestic us & all over the world.












 





























from the blog:









    	february 8, 2024
    

ansi/aami st108 – water for the processing of medical devices

are you ready for aami st108? the association for the advancement of medical instrumentation (aami) has…







    	january 1, 2023
    

quick safety issue 64 feb 2022

quick safety issue 64 | february 2022 2022 the joint commission, division of healthcare improvement ensuring…







    	september 4, 2022
    

the basics of flexible endoscope reprocessing textbook 3rd edition

newest edition available by september 2, 2022 easy-to-read, the basics of flexible endoscope reprocessing textbook, third…







    	september 4, 2022
    

the basics of sterilization for dental facilities: first edition

you asked, we listened. introducing: this book is specifically designed for those individuals processing dental instruments…







    	july 17, 2021
    

exam change in 2021

beginning with the november 2021 exam administration, the cbspd will no longer offer the csis (certified…







    	december 13, 2020
    

changes in 2021

as cbspd moves into 2021, we will no longer be able to offer spu books through…







    	september 5, 2019
    

10 reasons to become a sterile processing technician

10 reasons to become a sterile processing technician as a sterile processing technician, you’ll work behind…







    	august 8, 2019
    

advance your career with a certification in sterile processing

if you have ever thought about a career in the healthcare field but felt squeamish about…












read more on the blog





































about us







about cbspd
what is certification?
meet the board










exams







technician
ambulatory surgery
surgical instrument
gi scope
management
recertification










exam information







dates & test sites










ceus







about ceus
ongoing ceus record
inservice resources










resources







faqs
scholarships
spd courses
job postings
upcoming seminars
blog
verification of certification
newsletters










shop







books
bundle deals
merchandise












contact us










































office address






1392 us hwy 22 w,
suite 1, lebanon,
nj 08833









office hours






monday–friday,
9:30–5:30 p.m.
eastern time









business phone






908.236.0530












				search			



search



 














































































				search			



search



 


























@2019 cbspd - all rights reserved | privacy policy | sitemap






@2019 cbspd - all rights reserved
privacy policy | site map









digital marketing by











 






















