








bedard.com -









































		skip to content













					bedard.com
				

 





unofficial podcast
unofficial st. john’s page

menu toggle





unofficial st. john’s


creative

menu toggle





my writing, your reading


photos


videos


in memoriam

menu toggle





thérèse anne bédard, r.n.


john bédard


john bedard memorial online slideshow


joe cotter – professor, husband, brother, son, and friend


god bless big red – remembering loma prieta


ennui.press books

menu toggle





toughest school in north america


la rive sud


selling to steve jobs


victor hugo’s hernani


three border stories


thetford park


 





 










					bedard.com
				

 







main menu

 









library stuffpierre’s writing

menu toggle

victor hugo’s hernanibedard’s unofficial st. john’s page

menu toggle

john treilhard (1951-2016)history of the old stone buildingthe byfield bugle, volume i, number 1best yearbook ever – st. john’s cathedral boys’ school –  1974 yearbookst. john’s 1961 fundraising newspaper – clean pdf, cleaner pitchst. john’s cathedral boys school – a report, june 1964st. john’s manitoba governor general’s speech – 1962snowshoeing instructions –  february 1962the sordid truth about father turneyjohn bédard

menu toggle

john bedard memorial online slideshowsr. inspector bedard makes time magazine, 1981thérèse anne bédard, r.n. 







browse bedard.combrowse bedard.com
select category
bedard’s unofficial podcast  (6)
cool  (5)
ennui.press books  (53)
   la rive sud  (3)
   selling to steve jobs  (8)
   toughest school in north america  (41)
essays  (1)
family  (9)
history  (1)
history  (25)
in memoriam  (8)
legal  (6)
liner notes  (7)
media  (14)
   photos  (10)
   videos  (7)
school  (5)
scripts  (3)
short stories  (5)
sports  (6)
st. john’s cathedral boys’ school of manitoba  (62)
the south shore  (2)
travel  (8)
twitter  (4)
writing  (4)
writing  (2)
writing samples  (23)


search bedard.com

search for:


search
















the orange madonnashort stories 


the troubles at km16 long predate the failure of the trump ocean resort baja mexico. to blame trump is wrong. so we won’t. a horror story.




 





james and pierre discuss trump’s executive ordersbedard's unofficial podcast 


james and pierre, two lowlife st. john’s ex-students, one from alberta (-36 celsius), one from california (59 fahrenheit – in the shade) discuss trump’s orders.




 





game on: r. v. sheppard scheduled for april 23bedard's unofficial podcast 


holy shit on hardtack! the case of r. v. paul sheppard is scheduled to be heard by the supreme court of canada on april 23, 2025 at 9:30am.




 





bruce and martin talk flag of humanitybedard's unofficial podcast 


bruce and martin join pierre to talk about an exciting project the two are working on, the flag of humanity. bruce is on location in guatemala.




 





government’s motion for immunity determinations – the acrobat ai versionhistory 


this is an ai summary.  i ran the government’s motion through the acrobat ai engine to summarize the document. 




 





f’ing brian powellst. john's cathedral boys' school of manitoba 


all of us wondered. all of us wondered why he liked to hang with the junior grades. maybe now we know why.  brian f’ing powell.




 





sheppard coveragest. john's cathedral boys' school of manitoba 


twitter coverage of the sheppard debacle by jonny wakefield, my favo(u)rite edmonton journal reporter. enjoy. let me know if you can get to the articles in canada.




 





st. john’s schools’ oral history projectst. john's cathedral boys' school of manitoba, toughest school in north america 


the boys speak for themselves. martin denny shot this in kananaskis, alberta in fall 2023. each video is about five minutes long. good stuff.




 





library commission study sessionmedia, videos 


youtube of commissioner julie crane and me briefing the los altos city council on three proposals to remodel the library.




 





the context of the virusfamily, history, in memoriam, la rive sud 


and here we are, almost four years later. no victims. just heroes.




 





scott and ivan robertson – #727 and #728st. john's cathedral boys' school of manitoba 


wishing #727 and #728 the best on the retirement of the robertson trading post in lac la ronge.




 





1973 class picturest. john's cathedral boys' school of manitoba 


this picture was taken in the fall of 1973, probably in october before the first snow. special thanks to the thomsons, bill and richard!




 





remembering heidi lepage (1978-2023)history, in memoriam 


a mes cousins ​​et mes amis canadiens. je m’exprime mieux en anglais. aujourd’hui, on pleure. today, we cry.




 





victor hugo’s hernaniscripts, writing, writing samples 


a terrorist, an old man, and a prince go for the same woman. one becomes holy roman emperor. the french romantic theatre movement is born. 




 





the oracle jobshort stories, writing samples 


at the end of the day, you are just headcount. stop thinking otherwise 🦖👶, and grab some pine. it’s over.




 





a cantic christmascool, family, history, short stories, writing, writing samples 


this is a story about nicolas leblanc, a transient who, on christmas morning, 1953, decides to cross into canada.




 





antonio was herecool, family, history 


the germans attacked four times the night of 15 september, by the next day the 22nd battalion was down to 200 men of the original 900.




 





remember antonio roycool, family, history 


on 2 november 1914, my grandfather, nineteen-year-old antonio roy, signed up to serve in the canadian over-seas expeditionary force.




 





canadian national film board new boys – old school 1973 canoeinghistory, school, st. john's cathedral boys' school of manitoba 


they cut our hair, issued us clothes, and canoe gear. we boarded an old yellow rented school bus. i learned how to sleep sitting up that day.




 





the canadian supreme court steps inbedard's unofficial podcast 


some analysis on the canada supreme court’s decision to hear the sheppard case in 2025. both the podcast and a youtube are provided.




 

 

post pagination
1
2
…
35
next →
 
 







copyright © 2025 bedard.com | powered by astra wordpress theme
 







 
 




 scroll to top



















