





my 68 chevelle restoration of a 1968 malibu and pictures from the sema show blue eyed devil eye




















sema pictures
2006 sema
2005 sema
2004 sema
		including 
		"the girls of sema"






     


  











my 68 chevelle
1968 chevrolet chevelle restomod



falken 2014 calendar - my 68 chevelle
follow the progress 
in the restoration of a 1968 chevelle malibu
classic american muscle car born again
this website follows the restoration of a 1968 chevrolet chevelle malibu. well 
not really a restoration but a resto-mod. restomod is restoration with 
intentional modification using parts that are not original or intended for use 
on the car you are restoring. turns out i guess i was really building a 
pro-touring car. you won't find anything for sale on this website except maybe 
some left over parts from the build, nor will there be any pop up ads. you are 
quite welcome to link to this site or to point others interested in classic cars 
to it. please do not use any of my pictures for commercial use without 
contacting me first for my permission. this site is for the sole purpose of 
presenting information for the enjoyment of muscle car enthusiasts. for those of 
you that are purest and only want a concourse restoration i apologize but you 
will be disappointed with this site. please understand that if this was an 
original chevelle ss with matching numbers throughout i never would have taken 
this car in the direction i have. if you are interested you will read about the 
car and why i have gone the way i have. please feel free to contact me with your 
questions or comments. if the site shows that it is being visited i will spend 
more time improving it, if it sits unused i will spend my time more 
productively. if you have a good site or know of a good site that also shares 
the love of american custom classic automobiles please let me know. if i like 
the site or the car i will add it to my links. i am not a chevy only type so go 
ahead and send your websites on muscle cars such as corvettes, cutlass, gto's, 
mustangs and even mopar (sorry guys, just an easy dig). i hope to add valuable 
links to help others find the information they are looking for. there are a ton 
of good classic cars websites out there with decoding information or just tips 
to prevent you from making a costly mistake on your muscle cars.
watch the progress as we restore and rebuild this chevrolet 
chevelle. i say watch because i will probably have more pictures of the 
restoration then i will have words. i have a link page with links to websites 
with information on chevelle restoration and or parts for sale to help with your 
restoration. one thing i have learned during this process is patience. this is 
dragging along much slower than i anticipated but most of that was due to the 
fact that i did not have a clear idea of what i wanted to do with my chevelle. 
have been getting spoiled by some of the sweet rides that i saw at the sema and 
decided that maybe someday we can get the chevelle to the sema show. i am 
starting to think that this build may be getting over my ability. i am pleased 
that pin from pin did it has come on board to give this project direction. with 
cadillac joe there to take care of the mechanical side ad pin handling the rest 
the chevelle has taken a new direction and is finally making big progress
"blue eyed devil"

updatesnovemberwe did not 
take the chevelle to good-guys southwest nationals this year but she was still 
there, well sort of. we were proud to see that our chevelle made the good-guys 
yearbook for the third time now. this year she was honored with a half page october 2014
it was back to 
sema for our little blue eyed devil. hopefully you were able to check out the 
magna-flow trailer where she was parked. this is the 7th time the chevelle has 
gone to vegas for sema. last year it was the palms, she did the hardrock back a 
few years and the other five times she has been in the sema show
septemberthe chevelle made it to magnaflow for her 
custom made new system and while there she was shot for the 2015 falken tire 
calander
july 2014all back together and better than ever. 
the new pulley set up has been tweaked and re-tweaked and is finally working 
well. the german square weave carpet looks great and to top it all off my 68 
chevelle is on the cover of the september / october issue of maximum drive! 
great write up and some really great shots, don't miss it!
november 2013blue eye devil as pin likes to call her, sat on the 
floor of the palms hotel and casino during the 2013 sema show. sitting very 
pretty back on the budnik revolvers wheels with falken tires
july 2013well we decided we had waited long enough 
and it was time to rip apart the interior, cut up the floor and expand the 
tunnel. why we would we do this you ask? we had to to fit in the tci six speed 
transmission. chucky did a great job re-fabricating the floor, installing the 
new tranny and while he was at it he rewired the dash, added lighting under the 
center console, hung the ac and a whole bunch of other clean ups. the budnik's 
are back on as i really love the look they give the car. you will have to wait 
on some pictures but the new carpet that todd put in is amazing. 
older updates    
well got my chevelle to sema 2007 and 2008! it sat on the floor of the hardrock 
hotel sema month 2009 and back to sema for 2010. thank you to meguiar's for 
having us in their outdoor booth in 07. the chevelle sat right on the corner of 
paradise and convention center drive. we went to the post sema car show at the 
hard rock hotel and casino. the chevelle took first place for pre 1980 cars! at 
least some of that credit goes to our new turnkey engine. you can say we made a 
drastic power change, check out the engine page to see what is up!     
we had good results at the 2008 world of wheels in glendale (phoenix) arizona. 
my chevelle received five awards including outstanding display, best in class, 
top ten in show, super rod magazine award and best interior. turns out that was 
the last year for aj running the wow show in az and the top ten trophy never 
materialized. got to meet boyd codington at good-guys 2007 just a few months 
before he passed. we were selected for the pro-picks and it looked like he loved 
the chevelle until someone pointed out the budnik wheels. shame he still held on 
to those grudges but i certainly understand. anyway we did not win anything that 
year but we got gm muscle in 2008 and also took best of show in the severed ties 
show at metro centre. missed good-guys 2009 as the chevelle was on the floor of 
the hardrock hotel and casino in las vegas. it sat right inside the front door 
and she looked great on the new asanti wheels and lexani tires. for 2010 it was 
back to sema for magnaflow1968 
chevelle malibu



my 68 chevelle at the world of wheels jan, 2008
meeting the late boyd codington 
(photo courtesy goodguys)

the chevelle finally made it to 
sema. four years and a whole lot of money and sweat later my 68 chevelle makes 
it to the sema show in las vegas nevada. with her new turnkey engine she was 
very well accepted to say the least. i will be posting more pictures as time 
permits. 

first place for pre 1980 cars at the hard rock cafe and casino's post sema car 
show
  
2005 sema show pictures including the girls of sema
2004 sema pictures here







copyright © 2005 - 2024  

my 68 chevelle last 
modified: nov-24 
thank


you to my wife karlene and pull out 
shelves
be sure to check out helvira


