






















eye doctors in hamilton square, nj | eyecare professionals pc
















































 











 (609) 581-5755  -  
 1777 kuser rd, hamilton township, nj 08690  














 request an appointment 









menu

home
about

dr. barry tannen
dr. nick despotidis
dr. ivan lee
dr. noah tannen


patients

appointments
online forms
patient portal


services

myopia control
vision therapy
eye disease detection


testimonials
contact
 




 make a payment 












 
 request appointment 




call us: (609) 581-5755
get directions
request an appointment

















 myopia control 
 nearsightedness, known as myopia, makes it difficult to see objects from afar and can increase the risk of certain eye diseases. solutions are available to prevent the prescription from worsening such as specialty contact lenses and eye drops. 
 learn more 






 vision therapy and neuro-optometric rehabilitation 
 vision involves more than the ability to see clearly. conditions like eye teaming, eye tracking, eye focusing, and visual perceptual disorders can impact how we take in visual information and are successfully treated through a program of vision therapy.  
 learn more 









welcome to eyecare professionals pc
at eyecare professionals pc, our optometry staff works together to ensure your visit is comfortable and completed in a timely manner. we have a qualified team of professionals that will work around your busy schedule and address any questions or concerns prior to the appointment.






 about our office
with over 30 years in business, at eyecare professionals pc we strive to provide excellence in eye care through state-of-the-art diagnostic technology with a highly skilled team of doctors and staff in a pleasant and relaxing environment. we pride ourselves on addressing your unique eye care needs and are committed to providing a positive experience every time you come into our office.

  




 
 new patients
new patients keep our business growing, so we are always proud to offer high quality eye care services to our patients.
we also know how overwhelming it can be when you go to a new eye doctor. for this reason, we will do our best to welcome you. we will do everything we can to give you a pleasant visit. we want you to feel comfortable to ask any questions you may have.




our services






comprehensive eye exams
 learn more... 






eye disease detection
 learn more... 






vision therapy
 learn more... 






myopia control
 learn more... 










what our patients say











 wonderful ophthalmologist! so caring with my son and patient with all my questions. totally recommend.
 

jennifer s.












 lots of protocols to protect against covid. dr. tannen was great. will definitely be back again!
 

rajiv r.












 eyecare professionals  are friendly and compassionate. i had so many issues with my eyes and the adverse side affects from different glaucoma drops.  the doctors were patient and did not give up until they found glaucoma drops that did not have adverse side affects.
this office is truly eye care professionals. 

patricia l.












 i love everything about eyecare professionals !  the staff is the best, friendly, efficient , excellent  and thoroughly knowledgeable in all aspects of the practice.  patients  always get the best care at eyecare professionals.  i highly recommend them!   i just went back this week and still stand by my previous review--eyecare professionals = the very best!
 

charlotte h.







 

 



 eyecare professionals pc 
 phone:  (609) 581-5755   address: 	 1777 kuser rd, hamilton township, nj 08690  

sitemap | accessibility | website by doctor multimedia 



  call us   text us 







skip to content



open toolbar

 




accessibility tools



increase text 



decrease text 



grayscale 



high contrast 



negative contrast 



light background 



links underline 



readable font 




reset








