






popup check – test your popup blocker
























 skip to main contentadditional menupopup checktest your popup blockeradvanced pop-up test
pop up blocker scoring
pop-up blocker top 10

spam filter
glossary of popup terms


popup check banners
popupcheck.com licensing
popupcheck.com privacy statement
popup blocker test
our popup test is the most complete way for you to test your popup blocking software. your browser will be given a series of tests that range from standard popups to very complex popups that will slip by most popular ad blockers.
we have also reviewed the leading blockers and ranked them based on score explaining why they ranked the way they did. the reviews are honest and open, and unlike many testing sites, we are not affiliated with any of the software vendors! i say that because some software vendors lure you into similar tests such as mine that are designed to fail your current blocker, then suggest a product that will pass their test without revealing they actually profit from the sale! careful out there!
how to start testing your popup blocker
we have three types of tests, standard, miscellaneous and advanced; the average visitor will want to perform the test below which covers pop ups most commonly found on the internet. most of this is automated except for the last four tests which will require your input, so please be aware and follow any instructions that are provided to you so that the test is as accurate as possible.
note: because the test opens different pop up windows, it may be tempting to manually close them. please allow the test time to close these windows on it’s own (should only take a few seconds).
when this pop up test is completed, your pop up blocker will given a rating from 1 to 100. this score reflects your pop up blockers ability to block pop ups.
the miscellaneous popup test includes a variety of checks that are uncommon and helps to weed out the poorly designed blockers; this also includes the unblockable pop up.
our advanced popup test includes a variety of more complex and advanced checks to really understand how your software performs when presented with unique popups; this is where the leading software stands out among the rest!
popup stopper test (all) includes every popup test on the site. for advanced manual popup testing of popup blockers that may not do well with an automated popup test. note: except for this test, all the popup tests above are use in scoring our free popup blocker top 10 list.
standard test – what we check for
the standard popup test consists of 9 sub-tests that check the quality of your popup blocker. these tests range in complexity from common everyday popups to downright difficult to block popups. the ability for your popup stopper software to recognize popups that should not be closed is also tested – these are considered good popups.
normal popup blocking: this test checks to see if your popup blocker can block normal popup windows, which are browser windows that do not have any toolbar, buttons or menus except for a simple titlebar. this test adds 20 points to your popup blocker quality score if this popup is blocked
full-screen popup blocking: this checks your popup blocker’s ability to block a special type of popup window. this window does not have any toolbars, button or menus and covers your entire screen. these are called “full-screen popups” are can only be seen with the internet explorer web browser. this test adds 10 points to your score if this popup is blocked.
channel-opener popup blocking: this type of popup launches a full-screen popup but contains a toolbar and can only be seen on the internet explorer. other browsers will just open a normal popup. adds 5 points to your popup blocker score.
modeless dialog blocking: this popup can only be launched in internet explorer and opens a dialog window, not a popup, that forces the user to close it in order to continue working on the web page that opened it. adds 10 points to your popup blocker score.
browser window popup blocking: this popup is exactly the same as a normal browser window. contains menubars, toolbars, and everything else that a normal browser has. this test adds 20 points to your popup blocker score.
popup allowing tests:
user-launched href-method popup allowing: the term “user-launched” refers to popup windows that are opened manually by the user. this test checks to see if your browser allows a popup window to be opened from clicking a link. it may think it’s a popup and block it. adds 10 points to your popup blocker score.
user-launched javascript-method popup allowing: this test checks your popup blocker’s ability to correctly allow popups that open when you click on a link. the popups being opened can be a popup or series of popups that are opened by an instruction called from javascript when you click on that link. adds 10 points to your popup blocker score.
user-launched onclick-method popup allowing: this test checks if your popup blocker allows popups that open when you click on a html object, which usually is a link. popup windows are opened by detecting when you click on that object. adds 10 points to your popup blocker score.
user-launched delayed-method popup allowing: this test is the same as the javascript-method popup allowing, the only difference is that the popup being opened is delayed by a dialog box before it actually opens. adds 5 points to your popup blocker score.
the advanced popup test checks the ability of your popup blocker to block/allow certain popups under specific situations.
miscellaneous popup test – what we check for
this pop up blocker test includes a variety of checks that use uncommon methods to open pop up windows. the floating pop up blocker test isn’t really a pop up and therefore can not be blocked by a pop up blocker. these tests are included because a large number of sites are now using these difficult or “un-blockable” pop ups. for scoring purposes, use the first two tests.
pop up blocker test (timed): this pop up blocker test launches a new window every 5 seconds. because this pop up is automatically launched at specific intervals, your pop up blocker may not block some of them. let the window remain open for 20 to 30 seconds before you close it. your pop up blocker should close every one of the pop ups that load.
pop up blocker test (mouse-over): this test opens a pop up every time you move your mouse over a link. your pop up blocker should know that you did not request this popup and should be smart enough to detect it.
flash popup: an example of a flash popup for visitors wishing to test their software for flash advertisements
pop up blocker test (floating): this test opens a floating popup window, which is not a real browser window, but an html object that can contain images, text, links, etc.
this floating popup is what unethical popup testing sites use to make you believe your popup stopper software is not working.
some popup test sites are actually owned by popup stopper developers who use these non-blockable popups to fail your popup stopper. the idea is to recommend a pop up blocker that ‘works’ without letting you know it’s really their product!
if you suspect this trickery, run your pop up blocker through this test to verify their popup blocking software is really all it claims to be.
annoying pop-up test: not a popup, but it can be very annoying. some popup blockers will prevent the screen from moving around. it’s so annoying that you should right click on the link and open it in a new window! you can then right click the window in your task bar to close it if your popup blocker doesn’t stop it.
advanced test – what we check for
load popup blocking test: this tests checks the ability of your popup blocker to completely block popup windows that open when the page you are viewing loads. this is the most used event by websites to present popup ads to you, not to mention one of the most annoying.
unload popup blocking test: this test checks if your popup blocker blocks popup windows that open when you close or exit the page you are viewing. this page event is not used as much as the “onload” event but can still be very annoying.
click-onload popup blocking test: this test allows you to check if your popup blocker blocks a popup that opens when you click on a link that goes to a page that uses the “onload” event to open a new window. since you clicked on a link and a new popup window opens almost immediately, your popup blocker can incorrectly interpret it as a popup window that you want to open. because it is a popup window and not a browser window that you want to open, your popup blocker should close it correctly.
click-onunload popup blocking test: this test is almost the same as the “click-onload” test, however, instead of opening the popup when you enter the second page, it will open when you leave the first one. because you are clicking on a link and a popup opens at the same time, your popup blocker can also misinterpret this as a browser window you want opened. your popup blocker should close it.
click-reload popup allowing test: this test checks if your popup blocker allows a popup that opens when you click on a link which at the same time reloads the page you are viewing. since the browser window opened by the link is being opened at the same time the page is reloaded, your popup blocker may block it. because the page is opening when the page is being reloaded the “unload” event is launched and your popup blocker may misinterpret it as an “unload” popup window. your popup blocker should allow this browser window.
launch-close popup allowing test: this test checks your popup blocker’s ability to allow popups that open when you click on a link which at the same time closes the page being viewed. since the popup opens at the same time the main window is closed, your popup blocker may incorrectly interpret it as a “unload” popup window. your popup blocker should allow it.
popup blocker performance test: this test checks your popup blocker’s performance capacity to block up to 5 popup windows at the same time. be sure your computer, browser, and popup blocker is fast and has good performance before using this test. this may cause slower systems to freeze or shutdown!
net send spam / messenger spam test: this pop up blocker test is designed to check for the windows messenger vulnerability also known as net send spam, messenger spam or winpopup. these types of ads usually take the form of a gray pop up box bearing spam (unsolicited advertisements) with an “ok” button.
by the way, when you’re done, check out this anonymous surfing test to see if you’re being tracked when surfing the net, regardless of what software you might be using!
copyright © 2020 popup check.com · all rights reserved · conditions of use · licensing - privacy







