






























home | computational and information systems lab


home | computational and information systems lab






      skip to main content
    





main navigation



























contact us



search cisl







computational and information systems lab


about




mission


people


director's office


facilities


careers





capabilities




application scalability & performance


computing


data


data assimilation


machine learning


software


visualization





impacts




projects


publications





outreach & education




community outreach


educational resources


internships


visitor program


virtual tours





learning center




training for hpc users


learning about python


data assimilation tutorials


machine learning tutorials and training


visualization and analysis





news & events




news


events











search cisl







contact us









 






 






the ideal environment to study the earth







 



empowering today's earth system science
welcome to the computational and information systems laboratory (cisl) at nsf ncar, where we are at the forefront of advancing earth system science. 
computing, data, and research excellence
cisl is an innovation hub! we offer state-of-the-art computing resources, comprehensive data solutions, and pioneering research services. 
our mission is to empower scientists, researchers, and institutions across the globe with the tools and expertise needed to unlock the mysteries of our planet's complex interconnected systems. 
join us in shaping the future of environmental understanding and discovery.                                   learn more






recent cisl news




 




feb 13, 2025

take the annual 2025 nsf ncar and cisl hpc users survey!











 



dec 26, 2024

an interview with nsf ncar’s dr. allison h. baker, a member of the winning team for the 2024 acm gordon bell prize for climate modeling






 



nov 22, 2024

nsf ncar researcher part of team that wins the 2024 acm gordon bell prize for climate modeling






 




sun, nov 17
 - fri, nov 22 2024



nsf ncar @ sc24: discover the hpc empowering today's earth systems science












publications




 





innovations in open science (ios) planning workshop: community expectations for a...



by matthew s. mayernik, douglas c. schuster, and john p. clyne 












 







pushing the frontiers in climate modelling and...



by veronika eyring, william d. collins, pierre gentine, et al. 











 







earth system predictability across timescales...



by kristen aponte, christa bell, christopher a. davis, et al.











 







insights from very-large-ensemble data assimilation...



by sivareddy sanikommu, naila raboudi, mohamad gharamti, et al.









all cisl publications











 



internships
cisl provides students, educators, and the public with learning experiences and educational tools that teach about the importance of high-performance computing (hpc) in answering questions about our world. learning opportunities for interns also help expand our science community while making hpc accessible and fun. learn more about internship opportunities.








 



our facilities







 






mesa lab



the mesa lab is open to the public and accepting reservations for k-12 field trips, private tours, and public tours. 












 






ncar-wyoming supercomputing center



the ncar-wyoming supercomputing center (nwsc) opened its doors in cheyenne, wyoming, in 2012. since then, more than 4,000 users from more than 575 universities and other institutions across the nation and overseas have used its advanced computing and data storage resources for research in the earth system sciences.
















 








ncar




ncar homepage
acom | atmospheric chemistry observations & modeling
cgd | climate & global dynamics
cisl | computational & information systems
edec | education, engagement & early-career development
eol | earth observing laboratory
hao | high altitude observatory
mmm | mesoscale & microscale meteorology
ral | research applications laboratory







ucar




ucar homepage
community programs
education & training
for staff
government relations & external engagement
member institutions
tech transfer & engagement
university collaboration






subscribe to ncar|ucar news





sign up

name






follow ncar|ucar















© 2025 ucar

privacy
cookies
web accessibility
terms of use
copyright issues
sponsored by u.s. nsf
report ethics concern
staff login



postal address:
p.o. box 3000, boulder, co 80307-3000
•
shipping address:
3090 center green drive, boulder, co 80301











this material is based upon work supported by the nsf national center for atmospheric research, a major facility sponsored by the u.s. national science foundation and managed by the university corporation for atmospheric research. any opinions, findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material do not necessarily reflect the views of the u.s. national science foundation.












