






the rabbit haven













jump to navigation



 








about the havenabout the rabbit havenour sponsorshow you can helpfoster a rabbitspecial needs rabbitsvolunteerdonateadoptionadoptable animalsadoption showcase - thumbnailadoption showcase - rabbitsadoption slideshow - rabbitsadoption showcase - all speciesrabbit haven adoption processwhy adopt from the rabbit havenbasic rabbit needsadoption criteria - rabbitspre adoption questionnaire - rabbits - pdf formatadoptable rabbits at nearby sheltersadoption showcase - guinea pigsadoption slideshow - guinea pigsbasic guinea pig needsadoption criteria - guinea pigsadoption criteria - hamsterssuccess storiesadoption success storiesfoster success storiesnews & linksnail trimsrabbit veterinariansnews archivesrabbit boardingour sponsorsbunnyfest 2018cavy havendo it yourself hay rackkeeping safe in disasterhouse rabbits and flea controladd to notifications for nail trim appointmentsshould you get pet insurance for your rabbit in the united states?rabbit toysflying with your rabbit in cabinbunnies aren’t presents. please don’t give one for easter.loss of a beloved animal companioncaring for rabbitsnail trimsrabbit veterinarianstaking temperaturespay/neuter resourcesfeeding your rabbitindoor rabbit housingrabbit emergenciesrabbit bondingmyxomatosisgi stasis - rabbit not eatinggrooming your rabbitcare for newborn rabbitsrabbit viral hemorrhagic disease rvhdvets in northern ca offering the vaccine for rabbit hemorrhagic diseasefinanacial resources for your pet’s medical needsmegacolonspecial funding resourcesdonatepaypal donationcash donationsgift card donationsour wish listamazon wish listphotos























 urgent - fosters needed 
  
 please foster one of these rabbits.
call heather today at 831 239-7119 between 11am and 9pm.
to start, we provide all set up supply. 
 read more...  



event calendar


the haven's special needs rescues



  
 the rabbit haven rescues many rabbits that are injured or ill. these bunnies require extra expenses for veterinary care and special adoptive homes. 
 find out more about our special needs bunnies.  



book appointments for nail trims



go to nail trim page







volunteer with the haven
the rabbit haven is a 100% volunteer rescue. our volunteers are the life blood of what makes the haven work. we are in need of temporary foster homes, adoption show support, transportation, office help, and many other positions. find out more about volunteering opportunities today!


rhdv2 confirmed in san francisco bay area
rhdv2 has been confirmed in the san francisco bay area.
please have your rabbit vaccinated.
hrs headquarters in richmond, california hosts a monthly low-cost drive thru vaccine clinic that's open to the public -- appointments required
click here for appointment.



the rabbit haven








  

read more about the rabbit haven
 
 


top stories



  
 2025 rabbit haven calendar now available 
  

check out our 2025 rabbit calendar which is now available for ordering. makes a... 
 find out more...  

  
 sunday nov 24th adoption show contact info 
  
 find out more...  

  
 rescued  lab rabbit info 
 https://www.sfchronicle.com/opinion/openforum/article/easter-bunny-rabbit-present-... 
 find out more...  

  
 urgent - fosters needed 
 please foster one of these rabbits.

call heather today at 831 239-7119 between 11am... 
 find out more...  

  
 happy new year 
 dear haven family,

 

as 2023 comes to a close, the haven staff and i wish you... 
 find out more...  



 







who we are
the rabbit haven rescues abandoned rabbits and guinea pigs and accepts surrendered rabbits and guinea pigs from the general public and shelters in santa cruz, santa clara, contra costa, san benito and monterey counties. we then work to place these rescued animals into loving foster homes, secure medical care including needed spay neuter, and then place them into permanent homes. the rabbit haven works in the community, at schools, with shelters, and other education groups to educate the public on animal care, feeding, grooming, medical needs, social dynamics and behaviors.
 


home
adoption showcase
special needs bunnies
donate to the haven
our sponsors
about the haven
volunteer
rabbit veterinarians
news from the haven
caring for rabbits







telephone 10:30am to 6pm pst m-su
			831.600.7479 (office)
			831.239.7119 (mobile)





postal address
			p.o. box 66594 scotts valley, ca 95067





e-mail
			general information: director@therabbithaven.org or ava_haven@comcast.net
			webmaster: webmaster@therabbithaven.org










