





hypnosis training college - hypnotherapy certification - hypnosis motivation institute























skip to main content















 navigation menu




hmi

hmi home page
hypnosis motivation institute
hmi enrolled students
student information center
contact hmi online


training

free hypnosis in history course
student prerequisite and registration
clinical hypnotherapy training
+ mind-body psychology degree
associate of occupational studies
degree in mind-body psychology
american hypnosis association
online continuing education training


free classes

free online self-improvement classes
view streaming hypnosis training videos


hypnosis tv

watch live tv broadcast now!
hypnotherapy television 24/7/365
what is hypnosis tv™
the hypnotherapy channel
hypnotized
docu-reality series
youtube video playlists


bookstore

hypnosis books
professional hypnotism manual
hmi bookstore
hypnosis books, ebooks, videos

the mental bank ledger
online application v2
hypnosis mp3 downloads
hmi bookstore all products


aha

aha home page
american hypnosis association
aha membership
join the aha today
aha calendar of events
aha events live on zoom
aha online ppv courses
certification courses and seminars
aha media libraries
1,600+ hours of continuing education


hypnotherapists

find a hypnotherapist
aha hypnotherapists directory
free hypnosis sessions
via zoom with hmi interns
private hypnotherapy sessions
southern ca hypnotherapy clinic
can you be hypnotized?
take hmi’s e&p suggestibility test




search
search hypnosis.edu




login


shopping cart 0
shopping cart









start a new career – become a certified hypnotherapist








welcome to the hypnosis motivation institute
                    nationally accredited college of hypnotherapy






founded in 1968 by drs. john and alex kappas and celebrating over 50 years of excellence, hmi is a non-profit organization that holds the distinction of being america’s first nationally accredited college of hypnotherapy. now hmi offers the convenience, flexibility, and safety of 100% interactive distance learning.







accredited diploma in clinical hypnotherapy
                    combined with a degree in mind-body psychology


supercharge your success by combining a clinical hypnotherapy diploma with a mind-body psychology degree.
finally, the rewarding new career you have been waiting for, and an educational institution that treats hypnotherapy like a true healthcare profession.
hmi college of hypnotherapy now offers you a unique opportunity in hypnotherapy education, by providing a nationally accredited, one-year, clinical hypnotherapy and internship program, with the option to add an unprecedented second year, mind-body psychology degree.
no prior degree required. federal financial aid available to eligible students. the hmi school catalog has complete details, including tuition costs, schedules, certification, financial aid, and much more.
take your first online lesson for no cost or obligation.
 2 days left! – next class starts: tuesday, february 18, 2025



clinical hypnotherapy training
hmi school catalog











american hypnosis association
continuing education for hypnotherapists



the american hypnosis association (aha) is a national association of hypnotherapists offering membership and continuing education for hypnotherapists around the world. now you can attend from anywhere in world via streaming video and live on zoom training seminars and certification courses.
the aha also provides members, access to liability insurance, and the world’s largest online video library for continuing education in hypnotherapy.



continuing education
aha calendar of events








hypnotherapists directory – find a hypnotherapist
search and find an hmi hypnotherapist near you



now, you can easily connect with a hypnotherapist, in-person, or on zoom. hmi’s hypnotherapist directory makes it easy to search for a hypnotherapist (cht) near you, or a variety of other search options.
all hypnotherapists listed in the aha hypnotherapists directory are graduates of hmi’s nationally accredited hypnotherapy training program and members of the american hypnosis association.



find a certified hypnotherapist near you











hypnosis college and clinic of hypnotherapy





the hypnosis motivation institute, hmi, is a non-profit nationally accredited hypnosis training college and clinic of hypnotherapy that has been serving southern california for more than 50 years.
hmi was founded in 1968 by dr. john kappas. dr. kappas literally defined the profession of hypnotherapy in 1973, when he wrote and defined the profession of a “hypnotherapist” in the federal dictionary of occupational titles. that definition remains in force and unchanged today.
hmi has earned the distinction of being america’s first hypnotherapy training school to become nationally accredited, by an accrediting agency recognized by the u.s. department of education, in washington, d.c.
hmi’s hypnotherapy clinic is home to over 50 certified hypnotherapists. hmi estimates that it has provided more than 250,000 hours of private hypnotherapy services in its 54 year history. it is this clinical experience that provides the foundation for hmi’s hypnotherapy certification training and internship program.
the hypnosis motivation institute strives to offer the most extensive and thorough hypnotherapy training and internship program available. become a certified hypnotherapist today!




choosing an accredited school


considering accreditation in your college search is important because when a school is accredited it not only means that its legitimacy and quality have been tested, but also that it likely has a better reputation among other health care professionals and the public than would unaccredited schools.
no one can guarantee success, but the school you choose will be the biggest factor in your professional results. your investment in an accredited school says volumes about your commitment to excellence and determination for success. if a school is telling you how great they are, just ask “are you an accredited school” and if not, why?
what is accreditation?
accreditation is a form of endorsement that colleges and universities use to let potential students know that their program offers a valid education that is officially recognized by the u.s. department of education.
accreditation ensures a basic level of quality in the education you receive from an institution. it also ensures your degrees will be recognized for the true achievements they are. it is the job of an accreditation organization to review colleges, universities, and other institutions of higher education to guarantee quality and improvement efforts.
accreditation is the tool we use to monitor, assess, and evaluate the standards and quality of the education a student receives at a college, university, or other institution of higher learning. because of the process of accreditation, students and families can trust that the education they are paying for is valuable and worthwhile.




hmi accreditation and approvals






accredited since 1987 by the accrediting council for continuing education and training (accet), an accrediting agency recognized by the u.s. department of education.
licensed to operate by the bureau for private postsecondary education (bppe), department of consumer affairs.
                            
 bppe annual report: 720 hours
 school catalog: 720/1440 hours
 catalog addendum: 720/1440 hours
 school performance fact sheet (spfs): res 720 hours, aos 720 hours


approved by the california board of registered nursing (brn) as a provider of continuing education credits for registered nurses.
approved by the dental board of california (dbc) as a provider of continuing education credits for licensed dentists and dental assistants.
approved by the american hypnosis association (aha) as an educational provider for certification in hypnotherapy.






notice of nondiscriminatory policy as to students


the hypnosis motivation institute school admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school.
it does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and/or ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and other school administered programs.






 hmi school catalog 720+720 hours
diploma in clinical hypnotherapy
+ aos degree in mind-body psychology




 

hypnotherapy training options


hmi clinical hypnotherapy program
720-hour interactive distance learning program
associate of occupational studies
                        degree in mind-body psychology
720-hour interactive distance learning program
aha continuing education



hmi general information

hmi home page
welcome to hmi
hmi mission statement
hmi administration
hmi instructional staff
meet our hypnotherapists
nondiscrimination policy
accreditation and approvals
contact hmi



hmi resources library

hypnosis articles
hypnosis glossary of terms
hmi hypnosis tv shows
hmi youtube videos
hmi graduates in private practice
hmi clients discuss progress
hmi graduation ceremonies
hmi graduation award winners
hmi graduate interviews











 hypnosis motivation institute






18607 ventura boulevard, suite 310
tarzana,
                                    california
91356-4154



1-818-758-2700
                                https://hypnosis.edu/
                            





hmi hours of operation (pacific time)

                            10:00 am to 9:00 pm – mon, tue, wed, thu
                            closed fri, sat, sun, and holidays
                            


facebook

privacy policy / 
                        sms terms / 
                        contact / 
                        directions

©1968-2025 hypnosis motivation institute
                    all rights reserved. all trademarks and servicemarks are the properties of their respective owners.







top















