





baan thai massage















toggle navigation




baan thai massage - jongrak thai massage



home
thai massage benefits
about thai massage
gallery

contact











to mind and spiritual, relief stress, and create the sense of well being.










relaxes the ligament and tendon to improve movement










to body as a whole-healthier











>
               
              your browser does not support html video.
            


baan thai massage




massage therapy


thai massage
 the ancient healing arts of thailand using acupressure on the sen or the energy lines, combined with yoga-like stretching.


60 min90 min120 min180 min
$100$150$200$300


deep tissue massage
 the ancient healing arts of thailand using acupressure on the sen or the energy lines, combined with yoga-like stretching.


60 min90 min120 min180 min
$100$150$200$300













please call for an appointment : 561-910-1174
              hours of operation : sunday - saturday10:00 am - 6:00 pm mm27956
 3255 n federal hwy, boca raton, fl 33431
561 910 1174
 facebook


















what is thai massage?
what is thai massage?
                  traditional thai massage has a long history, dating back many years in thailand. unlike swedish massage, thai massage is performed on a mat on the floor or a low platform, without oils or creams. the receiver wears loose comfortable clothing. the therapist will place you in positions similar to yoga while applying rhythmic compressions, pressure on energy points, and stretching. the therapist will use their hands, elbows, knees, and feet.









how can thai massage benefit you
how can thai massage benefit you?
                  *facilitates relaxation
                  *improves flexibility and increases range of motion
                  *relieves pain and tension
                  *improves blood circulation and lymphatic flow helping the body to eliminate toxins
                  *stimulates the nervous system
                  *excellent for athletes – supplying relief for stiff, sore, tired, overused muscles
                  *frees blockages











the benefits of thai massage
the benefits of thai massage
                  to muscles, ligaments and fascia by relaxing muscle tension, relieving the spasm, and improving the range of motion.
                  to cardio vascular system by dilating the blood vessels, so the circulation is increased. the body feels refreshed and reenergized.
                  to nervous system, by stimulating the sensory nerves causing the central nervous system to respond better.
                  to joints, stimulates the joint fluid, relaxes the ligament and tendon to improve movement.
                  to body as a whole-healthier
                  to mind and spiritual, relief stress, and create the sense of well being.
























































































review highlights











“100% the best massage in south florida. worth every penny. the amazing thing about thai massage is that it is a technique that is not for the faint of heart. it's as much about stretching and your body's natural range of motion as it is about muscle manipulation and traditional rubbing.

                    here's what you need to know: you remain clothed. wear a comfortable stretchy shirt and sweatpants. there is no massage oil or lotion applied to your skin. you have to communicate where you hurt and you have to communicate if you need more or less force. the therapist is going to walk on you and will use their body to move yours into different positions. expect to hear cracking and pops throughout the session.
                    
                    baan thai massage is a legitimate business run and operated by professionals and licensed therapists, so please treat them with respect. this isn't one of "those" massage places.
                    
                    60 minute sessions...but 90 minutes will send you to bliss. i highly recommend.” — timothy h.  pompano beach, fl







“omg, nu was incredible, i have thai massages on a monthly basis, and 90 minutes with nu was one of the most incredible thai massages i had... it was incredibly strong and i felt like crying from pain most of the session, in a good way :)  when i was arriving, the person who just finished a massage drove off in a rolls royce... since this place is the best” — jane o.  redmond, wa







”i came here with my mother and father as a mothers day gift. my mother and i had the thai massages and my father the deep tissue. we all had amazing experiences.

this was my first time having a thai massage and i was a bit worried about feeling pain but the massage was just the right amount of pressure and stretching. at the end of the 90 minutes i felt so incredibly relaxed and present. i would highly recommend this place. the store itself is impeccably clean and beautifully decorated. the service was friendly, kind, and patient. i am hoping to come” — camila s.  boston, ma







”every time we come here is such an amazing experience. the staff is very nice and welcoming. 
my one hour and half massage felt like it was ten minutes, i did not want it to end.
i enjoyed  a deep tissue massage today, it was extremely relaxing and the nice lady that took care of me asked if i had any injuries/concerns and she was gentle with the parts that i had issues with.
my boyfriend enjoyed the thai massage, and he came out very relaxed as well.
can't wait to go back!” — chris k.  colorado springs, co





















© 2017 baan thai massage. all rights reserved.








 