








book an appointment using the nhs e-referral service - nhs








































skip to main content














search the nhs website






search












                health a-z
                






                nhs services
                






                live well
                






                mental health
                






                care and support
                






                pregnancy
                






                home
                






                nhs services
                






browse
                more
                













home


nhs services


hospitals




back to 
            hospitals
          








    
      book an appointment using the nhs e-referral service
    
  






if you've been referred to a specialist through the nhs e-referral service, booking your appointment online is easy, safe and secure.the "start now" button below will open the nhs e-referral service booking website: manage your referral.you'll need your:booking reference numberpassword or access codeif you do not have these details, contact the person or organisation that referred you.



  start now



you can also use the "start now" button to:check your appointment detailschange your appointmentcancel your appointmentcancel your referralwe want as many people as possible to use our service. the manage your referral accessibility statement gives details about how accessible this website is and how we are improving your experience.


book an appointment using the nhs appyou can also use the nhs app to book or manage your appointment. the app also features health advice, and you can order repeat prescriptions and view your gp health record.


choosing your hospital or clinicyou may have more than one hospital or clinic to choose from. but the options will be the same if you book online or over the phone.consider all the options before choosing a hospital or clinic and appointment slot.for example:how long do i have to wait for my first appointment?how quickly can i start my treatment?how far away is the hospital or clinic?in most cases, you have the legal right to choose the hospital or service you'd like to go to. this includes private hospitals, as long as they provide nhs services.learn more about your choices in the nhs.


what to do if you've not been referredspeak to a gp if you want to be seen at a hospital or clinic. they'll help you decide what care is best for you and make any necessary referrals.find out more about referrals for specialist care.


how your data is usedfind out how your data is used in the nhs e-referral service, and your rights.








            more in
            
              hospitals




                      book an appointment using the nhs e-referral service
                    


                        referrals for specialist care
                      



                        guide to nhs waiting times in england
                      



                        going into hospital
                      



                        about nhs hospital services
                      



                        what is pals (patient advice and liaison service)?
                      








        page last reviewed: 7 june 2023
        
        next review due: 7 june 2026
      






support links


home
health a to z
live well
mental health
care and support
pregnancy
nhs services
coronavirus (covid-19)


nhs app
find my nhs number
view your gp health record
view your test results
about the nhs
healthcare abroad


other nhs websites
profile editor login


about us
give us feedback
accessibility statement
our policies
cookies



© crown copyright







