


 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close






 promised land farm  












		thanks for visiting with us,  god bless you!!
	

		"eye has not seen, nor ear heard, 
		nor have entered into the heart of man, 
		the things which god has for those 
		who love him." 
	

		1 corinthians 2:9
	

		to god be the glory!
	

		you are visitor 
		since 12/30/00
	

		last updated 6-3-2013
	

		promised land farm 
		ed and marilyn novak 
		patty clark-manager-trainer-instructor 
		spencer, ohio  44275
 
		pattys cell 330-416-1393 
		please direct all inquiries to patty's cell
	















		we now take pay pal and credit cards for  purchases and payments!
	

		promised land farm
	

		welcome to..............
	

		"coloring your world, one morgan at a time" with "quality and class in color!"
	


		we were honored with our own  
		angels rare gold 
		being chosen for the cover 
		the morgan horse magazine 
		april 2002
		








		take a bow kids! see!  
		the grass is greener on the other side!
	











		stallions
		



		mares
		



		angels with hooves
		








		about us
		



		prairie run liz t
		



		morgan foals 
		



		services/clinics 
		lessons
		








		geldings
		



		1977-2013 
		eighty-eight morgans
		



		contact me
		













		our chihuahua          family
		

































		pl heaven on earth 
		was the 1st colorful to win the morgan connection magazines foal contest. 
		she was also the first colorful shown in the breeders sweepstakes. 
		she is our first to be sold 
		overseas! now in belgium 
		she is loved by diana jasica.
		



		pl class n brass 
		just another sampling 
		of the lovely morgans 
		we have produced here at plf
		





		please take some time to "tour" our farm. although we are cutting back after over 30 years, on breeding and no longer show our morgans, 
		we offer top quality morgan horses of all colors, disciplines and bloodlines, for sale and our cremello at stud.
 
		we offer stallion collecting, foaling out mares, lessons on and off the farm, limited training, clinics and more.
 
		established in 1977, we have been breeding, training, showing and sharing our  
		love of the morgan horse for over 36 years.... and miniatures since 2011.
	








		pl overnite sensation 
		our first foal, born in 
		1982. he has been a great ambassador for the breed.
		








		past sales
		


















		our beautiful cremello morgan stallion, "buzz". his 2013 fee to morgan mares is $800 including 1st collection!  
		two breedings and two collections for $1450! arabian mares are $650 or two for $1150!
 
		click here to see what "the buzz is all about!" view his page & all  of his  champion & winning get from coast to coast!  he has sired nearly 50 golden foals!
		



























		a little piece of heaven miniature horses 
		



		due to our newly acquired love for miniature horses and ponies,  
		we now stand and breed miniature horses and will have our first foals for sale in 2014! 
 
		we also offer driving lessons and miniature horse classes for children to learn about horses and their care, but with the smaller size of the miniature horse it is less intimidating which also makes it more fun! 
		


		sfg infinity and beyond
	

		presenting at stud ....
	


		click here if you would like to know more about my christian faith and beliefs...
		














		news flash!!!! now offering training, lessons and finishing driving for miniature horses and ponies!
	




		buzz meeting rockstars hot as ice, aka, romeo 
		my perlino pinto miniature horse stallion!
	


		miniature horses and amhr miniature stallion  at stud
		








		tack-clothing-  
		equipment for sale 
		














		promised land farm, established in 1976, dedicated to "god and all his glory!" 
		at our current location since november of 1987.
	







		and  "a little piece of heaven miniatures" at promised land farm, aka, "bella's ponies."
	


		sales list 
		morgans & miniature horses
		












		exiss 6 horse slant trailer 
		for sale- click here!
		









		keepsake designs
		





		click on one of the links below to check us out!
	









		please read here about the future plans for 
		promised land and our families
	




" width=179 height=32>
	










