









home page - melanie gillismelanie gillis | photographer
































































melanie gillis


home
about
contact
clients & friends


find me on facebook
 



main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
portraits

personal portraits
talent portraits
maternity & infant
corporate portraits
dating and social media


corporate

corporate portraits
event coverage
food and product


proven results

in with the new
makeup for portraits


dog portraits
the animus  project
hamilton portrait series
 




melanie gillis photographer specializes in portrait photography, maternity and pregnancy photography, nude photography, boudoir and glamour photography, corporate photography, fine-art photography and headshots for actors, artists and business people. she also shoots corporate events, and her fashion and editorial photography has been featured in magazines such as view weekly, echo weekly, motivated, cbc online, toronto star, the globe and mail, the hamilton spectator, photo life magazine.
                
              the melanie gillis photography studio and gallery is at 126 james street north, hamilton ontario, l8r 2k7. it is in the heart of hamilton’s artist district of james street north. 
              
              all photo sessions with melanie include light make-up for one, the studio or location session, a complete set of proofs to be viewed on line, and a post session consultation.


behind the scenes


if you dread your photo shoot, you are not alone.
people often ask me if i find corporate head shots boring. the answer is, absolutely not. with social media, and the common...                            
                            continue reading →





this slideshow requires javascript.





news & events

second friday of every month is art crawl. come join us at the studio for art, wine, and great conversation. 7 – 10pm
...                        
                        continue reading →









 ©2013 melanie gillis professional portrait photographer - 126 james street north, hamilton ontario canada l8r 2k7 - 905-297-7050 
website design by ryan ahrens.
 






 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email



name



website














































