









	bein & fushi | dealers, experts & restorers of rare, antique & modern violins, violas, cellos and their bows	































































 


skip to content
featured instruments

violins
violas
cellos


featured bows

violin bows
viola bows
cello bows


notable sales
sales staff

gabriel ben-dashan, owner and executive director
john gerson, sr. sales executive


services

appraisals
certificates


about us

about us
stradivari society
our founders

geoffrey fushi
robert bein


contact us


 








subscribe
follow us
bookstore
magazine
shop hours
312-663-0150
 














current offerings
an outstanding viola by
giuseppe guadagnini
como, 1780 "wanamaker"


            

 … read more 






current offerings
a fine cello by
vincenzo postiglione
naples, 1893 ofra harnoy


            vincenzo postiglione (1835-1916) is considered the most influential maker of the modern neapolitan school.  his work is representative of the oldest of the modern italian makers.  his early career was influenced by the workshop of the prolific gagliano family.  an extremely productive maker, he made approximately 400 violins. it is, however, his cellos which are sought after throughout the world.
this exceptional example we are offering has a beautiful two-piece quarter cut back as well as equally beautiful, flamed ribs.  the varnish is a rich and flexible amber color.  the instrument has great depth and quality throughout all registers.  this postiglione has a powerful soloistic projection that has been tested in concert halls around the world as performed by the great concert cellist ofra harnoy.
 … read more 






current offerings
an outstanding violin by
lorenzo storioni
cremona, c. 1769


            one of the leading cremonese makers in the last half of the 18th century, lorenzo storioni was influenced by the work of the legendary giuseppe guarneri del gesù, but in the spirit of del gesù, developed a unique style all his own. instruments by storioni are highly prized by professionals for their balanced proportions, tonal breadth, brilliance, and power. with its dependable, solid depth of quality in sound and genuine power, this violin encompasses all of the hallmarks of what makes storioni great. 
						






current offerings
a superb viola bow by
eugène nicolas sartory
(1871-1946) paris


            a prodigy in bow making, eugène sartory set up his personal studio when he was just eighteen years old. over his remarkable half-century-long career, he never ceased to impress musicians and fellow makers with his steady and consistent production of the highest quality. in fact, his bows are among the most sought after by prominent artists around the world. the legendary violinist eugène ysaÿe commissioned several bows from the maker. influenced by both voirin and lamy, sartory bows are well balanced and even with abundant strength.
this viola bow is inscribed on the under side of the ferrule dedicating it to his friend, violin maker amati mangenot. the bow is crafted with exquisite precision and plays as perfectly as it looks. it is in mint condition and is accompanied by certifications by millant, raffin, salchow and sons, and bein & fushi.
						






current offerings
a superb violin by
jean-baptiste vuillaume
paris, 1826 no. 41


            j. b. vuillaume made over 3,000 instruments and this beautiful violin was his forty first, showing his unmistakable personal touch. this early example from the french master has everything you’d expect and want from a j. b. vuillaume: a strong projection, evenly balanced throughout, and highly responsive. it’s easy to play, easy on the eyes, easy on the ears, and easy to fall in love with.
 … read more 






current offerings
a fine violin by
gasparo da salò
brescia, 









current offerings
a superb viola by
giuseppe guadagnini
como, 1780 "wanamaker"









current offerings
a superb violin by
giuseppe guarneri 'filius andreae'
cremona, c. 1717


            we are very pleased to offer this truly extraordinary violin by the celebrated maker, giuseppe guarneri ‘filius andreae’. this instrument was made during the time when giuseppe’s younger son, the great guarneri del gesù, was fully engaged in the family workshop, and instruments made by giuseppe during this period share many characteristics with del gesù’s work. this is especially the case with this robust violin. there is something so special about a cremonese instrument of this caliber built on a large pattern. the power and richness of sound make this a perfect instrument for any soloist. this violin indeed has a history of performances on the world’s greatest concert stages.
						















phone 312.663.0150           fax 312.663.0873           410 south michigan avenue chicago, il 60605     |     contact us 





 








 
