  





home page | wedding party gifts, wedding decorations, wedding supplies & party favors






















  







  the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.    javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.            skip to content currency usd - us dollar aud - australian dollar eur - euro       sign infaq  create an account                         sign increate an account  my cart        gifts  corporate gifts  wedding  stationery  bridal shower  bachelorette party  top deals       gifts    corporate gifts    wedding    stationery    bridal shower    bachelorette party    top deals   
faqs
track my order
my account
contact us
sign out
sitewide sale!free shipping on order over $125  detailssitewide sale!free shipping on order over $125  detailsclearance flash sale! shop now →extra 15% off clearance items. use code clear15 at checkout.free shipping on orders over $125  *north america only details15% off totes use code: 15tote detailsget $5 off your first order  detailscovid-19 update detailsscheduled maintenance - thurs. feb.9 at 10:30 am - 11:00 am est. the website will be unavailable during this time.free shipping details:
please note the following exceptions will apply:

free shipping applies to orders within north america only (contiguous united states and canada)
qualifying amount applies to product value only
qualifying amount excludes personalization fees, setup fees, or applicable taxes
bulk glassware, personalized playing cards, heavy or bulky items are not available for free shipping option
if your location is deemed remote by fedex, free shipping is not available. this will show in the checkout
close               personalized giftsfor everyoneshop nowpersonalizedbridesmaid giftsshop now

shop gifts

shop women’s gifts
shop men’s gifts
shop kid’s gifts
shop bridesmaid gifts
shop groomsmen gifts
top trending personalized gifts more personalized gift ideas      personalized flasks      personalized robes & pyjamas      personalized gift boxes + packaging      personalized tote bags & travel bags      "excellent!"rated 4.6 out of 5 based on 8,400+ reviewsweddingfavors, reception, ceremony, décor + moreshop nowtop rated favors wedding style ideas      modern floral      love wreath      rustic love      greenerystationery by typewedding invitations, save the dates, day of stationery, wine labels and more.shop by typestationery collectionsa wide range of exclusive designs ready to personalized by you!shop by collectionmore face masks + accessories bridal showerdecorations, favors, partyware + moreshop nowbridal shower theme ideas   
garden party   
bridal brunch   
blushing bride   
aloha   
she got scooped up   
bridal tea party   
she said yes!   
love wreathbachelorettepartyapparel, partyware, decorations, favors + moreshop nowbachelorette party theme ideas   
beach + pool   
las vegas   
final fiesta   
country girls   
kissing the single life goodbye   
tropical vibes
nautical   
mermaid   
party like a princess   
hot glam   
girl's night inthe knot shop wedding supplies, gifts & decorations
hundreds of trendy wedding essentials, all in one place
welcome to the knot shop: your source for tailored-to-you wedding décor and more. our discriminating team has hand-curated a collection of awesome wedding gifts, favors, decorations, bridal accessories and stationery to help you tie together a theme and style that’s all you. our wedding shop has everything you need for standout styling every step of the wedding planning way, from delightful save the dates to old-school disposable cameras for candid reception snapshots. make the knot shop your first and last stop, from wedding decor inspiration to your final accessory purchase.favors & gifts they’ll cherish forever
spoil your crew with custom bridal party gifts from our handpicked selection. most of the bridesmaid gifts and groomsmen gifts in our custom wedding store can be personalized with the first names or initials of each member of your wedding party. make a memorable toast with stylish, custom glassware — filled to the brim with bubbly, of course — or get your girls pampered in personalized bridesmaids’ robes and comfy foldable flats embroidered with her initials. we also have the best-ever assortment of wedding favors, from practical wine bottle stoppers to cute custom playing cards that your guests will actually want to use post-nuptials. the knot shop's clientele leaves plenty of thoughtful reviews to help you decide.
pretty in white: bridal accessories that shine
in addition to a wide variety of gifts, ceremony and reception décor, the knot shop also has our very own bridal accessory boutique complete with garters, jewelry, veils, hair pieces, handkerchiefs, bridal clutches and more. brides-to-be love our collection of cute and comfortable bridal flip-flops with a special message on the soles, especially when paired with our cheap, cool sunglasses that make the perfect dance floor accessory!more  









  join our party! join our email listget our emails for exclusive deals and fresh inspiration. get in on exclusive deals and fresh inspiration delivered to your inbox.sign up!join our email listget in on exclusive deals and fresh inspiration delivered to your inbox.sign up!      let us help you

about weddingstar inc.
contact us
view my shopping bag
faqs
shipping info

track an order
return policy
store settings


currency: united states dollars $


units: imperial

change store settings


legal

privacy policy *updated
terms of use *updated

do not sell my info


©2022 the knot shop


all rights reserved.


      legal

privacy policy*updated
terms of use*updated

do not sell my info


©2025 the knot shop


all rights reserved.

  
   