
















home page | spokane journal of business



















homeabout ussubscribeadvertisenewsroom





sign in


create account


sign out


my account



 




labelcurrent issuelatest newsspecial reportup closeopinionnews by sectorreal estate & constructionbanking & financehealth careeducation & talentnorth idahotechnologymanufacturingretailgovernmentroundups & featurescalendarpeoplebusiness licensesq&a profilescranes & elevatorsretrospectiveinsightsrestaurants & retailsupplements & magazinesbook of listsbuilding the inwmarket fact bookeconomic forecastbest places to workpartner publicationse-editionjournal eventselevating the conversationworkforce summiticonswomen in leadershiprising starsbest places to workpeople of influencebusiness of the year awardspodcastssponsored


journal names 2025 business of the year awards finalistslatest newsall finalists will be recognized—and the winners will be disclosed—at an event scheduled for wednesday, march 26. 


city leaders propose removal of building height limits downtownlatest newsspokane mayor lisa brown and members of the city council have proposed an interim zoning ordinance that would eliminate building height limits in and around downtown.


hillyard pda plans $12.5m mixed-use project latest newsthe northeast public development authority plans to break ground on a $12.5 million mixed-use building later this year. 





ashley store & outlet plans three-floor store at northtown malllatest news


in-home care provider buys its largest inw competitorlatest news


buywander to move to larger warehouse latest news


white rock coffee co. to open on north sidefeatures


daily news updatessubscribe today to our free e-newsletters!subscribe
latest news

latest newsready for takeoff: plans gel for spokane's aerospace tech hub the $48 million federal grant will be used exclusively to acquire equipment for the advanced aerospace materials manufacturing center


latest newsnorth idaho ai startup gains momentuma communications startup in coeur d'alene geared toward detecting harmful language is getting a big boost from local investors and notable people in the tech world. 


latest newsspokane area is expected to share in vc reboundearly-stage funding for founders of startups in the pacific northwest, including the spokane area, is expected to improve this year following a stubborn downturn in funding activity in 2023 and 2024.

more in latest news

roundups & features

latest newsparting thoughts: alan lesher, president and ceo of ymca of the inland northwest alan lesher, president and ceo of the ymca of the inland northwest, will retire from his role at the end of the month after a 16-year tenure with the nonprofit organization. 


latest newscatching up with silver valley's sunshine minethe current owners of the sunshine mine complex, near kellogg, idaho, are working on a plan to reopen the mine in about five years and eventually employ about 250 miners.


latest newsfive takeaways: talent acquisition & healthy workplacesthe journal of business hosted spokane dutch bros. ceo kevin parker for its most recent elevating the conversation podcast.

more in roundups & features

real estate & construction

latest newsdevelopment group buys north spokane retail propertythe franklin park shopping center property that holds the former burlington coat factory building and the neighboring rite aid store was sold for $10.2 million last month.


latest newsrathdrum plans $15m city hall, community campusthe city of rathdrum is developing a new $15 million city hall that will combine municipal departments under one roof and anchor a 30-acre community campus.


latest newsspokane doubletree property changes hands in $35m transactiondoubletree by hilton spokane city center hotel was purchased for $35 million in december by spokane hotel llc.

more in real estate & construction

banking & finance

latest newsheritage bank targets spokane for regional expansionolympia, washington-based heritage bank is expanding with a new commercial banking team in spokane that will serve the greater inland northwest market.


latest newsfamily offices gain traction as strategy for ultra wealthya centuries-old approach to wealth management, dubbed the family office, is gaining traction once again, due to a growing demographic of highly affluent families in the market.


latest newslunch money: student-run credit union program expandsa student-run gesa credit union branch opened earlier this month at ridgeline high school, in liberty lake.

more banking articles

health care

special reportheart institute upgrades to help meet demandthe need for cardiovascular care is growing, and the planned renovation of providence heart institute is expected to help meet that demand.


latest newsnorth spokane treatment facility plans major campus expansiondemand for addiction treatment and recovery services has reached a critical level at spokane falls recovery center, prompting a major expansion project at the company's campus in north spokane.


latest newswhitworth works to address mental health needs of youthwhitworth university has received a $3.4 million grant to establish a new program to address critical mental health needs of students in rural communities and refugee and immigrant students in spokane county schools.  

more in healthcare
stay ahead of your competition with knowledge.subscribe today and get full website access!subscribe now!
sponsored content

sponsored contentsponsored content ...avoid hidden drug costs by understanding pharmacy benefit managerspharmaceutical costs only seem to go one direction—up. why? the buzz in healthcare around rising drug costs lately is focused on pharmacy benefit managers (pbms). 


sponsored contentsponsored content ...when childcare falls apart: tackling a $5 billion problem impacting our economy
according to the most recent spokane county state of the children report, the economic impact around lack of affordable childcare is clear with impacts to spokane employers, families and small business childcare providers. a statewide ready nation report tags the economic impact of lack of care at approximately $5 billion throughout washington state.


sponsored contentsponsored content ...how we got our start, and why we do what we doi am sometimes asked how the journal of business got its start. the answer is the kind you can’t exactly provide in an elevator speech. but i was there, so if you have a few minutes, let me tell you the story.it’s a yarn i’ve written in various ways for past anniversaries of this cherished newspaper, so my apologies if you’ve heard the punchlines before. it’s also a story of how a new publication beat the odds to survive in a difficult industry, and one that became even more challenging years later.

more sponsored articles

events

20feb2025 annual meeting & best in bid awards


25febcoffee with spokane public schools


27febpathways forward: supporting youth

more in events
news contentnewsspecial reportup closeroundups & featuresopinionmore contente-editione-mail newslettersnewsroomspecial publicationspartner publicationscustomer serviceeditorial calendarour readersadvertisingsubscriptionsmedia kitother linksabout uscontact usjournal eventsprivacy policytri-cities publications






all content copyright ©  2025 by the journal of business and northwest business press inc. all rights reserved.design, cms, hosting & web development :: epublishing


