


home - northern illinois chapter of ashi

























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to mailing listmember loginmenuhome benefits affiliate members event calendar new member signup









welcome to the northern illinois chapter of the american society of home inspectors (nic-ashi). 
the knowledge you gain will be second to none.








about us

nic ashi is dedicated to enhancing the technical skills and professional practice of home inspectors, and maintaining high professional standards through education and discipline. this is accomplished through various means such as:

monthly meetings every 2nd wednesday of the month, that continually bring topics that either enlighten or reinforce a home inspectors’ knowledge
mentor programs and ride-a-long inspections that provide guidance to new inspectors.







upcoming events
upcoming events










home buyers


home buyers
we understand that your home is the biggest investment you'll make in your lifetime. but before you make your final buying or selling deision, we encourage you to get a professional home inspection.
learn more





real estate professionals


real estate professionals
whether you are an agent or a broker, lender, appraiser, builder or real estate attorney, your customers often look to you for reccomendations on who they should hire to conduct the home inspection.
learn more














members & affiliates









members


members
join nic-ashi, and be added to our database for potential customers to find you! you’ll also receive industry updates, news, and tips as part of your yearly membership.


note: although anyone can join nic-ashi, you must also be an ashi member in good standing in order to be listed on this website.
become a member





affiliates


affiliates
become an affiliate of nic-ashi to be featured on our website!


note: affiliates can not also be members.
become an affiliate










standardsas a member of the american society of home inspectors, we follow the standards of practice and code of ethics set byhttps://www.homeinspector.org/resources/standard-of-practicelearn more









home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









