




pashley manor gardens - gardens to visit on the border of sussex & kent

















































 



 



skip to main content





select language:  
tickets


twitterfacebookinstagram
 









 0044 (0) 1580 200888 

open mobile menu



home
gardens 

the gardens
history


visiting 

opening times and admission
information about your visit
map of the garden
how to find us


groups 

group visits
joint visits
printable group information & booking form


special events
sculpture & art
news
café & gift shop 

café
gift shop


café menu
contact us












wishing a happy new year to all our visitors.
in 2025 our gardens will re-open on tuesday 1st april and our tulip festival will run from easter monday 21st april every day through to bank holiday monday 5th may.



















pink dahlias along terrace








back of house with tulips and wisteria








jackson sculpture in the hot borders








kitchen garden








greenhouse and sinclair sculpture











welcome to pashley manor gardens





at pashley you will discover 11 acres of beautiful borders and vistas – the culmination of a lifetime of passion for gardening, an appetite for beauty and an admiration of the tradition of the english country garden.  these graceful gardens, on the border of sussex and kent, are family owned and maintained – visitors often express delight at the attention to detail displayed throughout and the intimate, peaceful atmosphere.
all the ingredients of the english country garden are present – sweeping herbaceous borders, ha-ha, well maintained lawns, box hedges, espaliered rose walk, historic walled garden, inspiring kitchen garden, venerable trees and the grade i listed house as a backdrop.  the gardens are a haven for wildlife – bees, butterflies and small birds as well as moor hens, ducks and a black swan.  then, of course, the plants!  borders overflowing with perennials and annuals – the look changing through the seasons, but always abundantly filled, and each garden ‘room’ planted in a different colour theme.
pashley is also renowned for fantastic displays of tulips, roses and dahlias.  our annual tulip festival features more than 40,000 tulips this year!  during special rose week over a hundred varieties of rose swathe the walls, climb obelisks and bloom in flower beds.  then in late summer our dahlia days event transforms the gardens once more with bountiful, brightly coloured dahlias in every border and pot.
add to all this a café and terrace with excellent garden views, serving delicious homemade lunches, scones and cakes; sculpture and art exhibitions; a gift shop with plant sales; and a friendly, knowledgeable team waiting to welcome you,  and the recipe for a wonderful day out is complete.





garden events


tulip festivalfor updates on how the tulips are coming out please see our news page or facebook page.  in late april/early…view event→special rose weekfor updates on how the roses are coming out please see our news page or facebook page. come mid-june the…view event→kitchen garden weekfor updates on what’s out in the kitchen garden please see our news page or facebook page. gardeners love to…view event→











contact us





pashley manor gardens
ticehurst
near wadhurst
east sussex
tn5 7he


0044 (0) 1580 200888info@pashleymanorgardens.com groupbookings@pashleymanorgardens.comtwitterfacebookinstagram


opening times





gardens, café and gift shop
open 1st april to 30th september 2025;
tuesday to saturday, bank holiday mondays
and special event days; 10am to 5pm (last entry at 4pm)
(click here for special event days and times).





























© pashley manor gardens 2025 - all rights reserved | website by 


cookie policyprivacy policyterms and conditions 




back to top 










