






st johns ucc boalsburg





























home
about us

church history
for visitors
dürner organ
staff
teams


faith formation

christian education
music ministry
safe church policy
youth groups


church events
photo album
special services

weddings
memorial or funeral service
baptism


contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 













pastor tom
rev. dr. tom blair and the st. john’s congregation, welcomes you to celebrate worship with us on sundays.  our  worship service begins at 10:30am.  you may encounter pastor tom out and about.  say hi!
stop by and check out st. john’s and boalsburg!








linus explains christmas
charlies brown asks, “isn’t there  anyone who knows what christmas is all about?”
a great message any season!
click here for the answer








charles durner organ
please visit centre counties first and oldest pipe organ!
just click the photo!








colors in the churchever wonder what the colorful coverings (paraments) in the church represent?  click here to read about the meaning.








join us!218 n. church streetboalsburg, pa 16827814-466-7162
sunday school begins at 9:15am worship begins at 10:30am
summer worship begins at 9:30am
 
contact us for more information








st john’s ucc boalsburgwhere we are dedicated to serving our neighbors and
 following jesus christ.
welcome to st. john’s united church of christ, boalsburg.no matter who you are, you have a place here, where all are loved.
online & in the sanctuary!








get involved!always something happening at st john’s ucc.
come join the fun and service to others this year!
the mission of st. john’s unitedchurch of christ is to:live our faith;love our community;share the love of jesus christ with all.
come join us in 2025!








music sunday 10/8/2023relive the wonderful music sunday service from october 8, 2023.
so many talented local musical people!
 
click here!













monthly calendar
download our monthly calendar!
 








check us out on facebook
follow us and see what we are up to on facebook, plus our recorded services are there!








special services
st. john’s ucc boalsburg would love to help you with life events such as weddings, funerals or baptisms.








st. john's ucc events
see what our congregation has been up to with our fun photo album!





links to st john’s recorded services.








st. john’s is more like a church family that supports each other and encourages god to be the biggest part of your life.
stephanie











join us!
218 n. church streetboalsburg, pa 16827
814-466-7162
welcome to st. john’s united church of christ, boalsburg.no matter who you are, you have a place here, where all are loved.







sunday school and worship
sunday school begins at 9:15amworship begins at 10:30am
summer church at 9:30am







useful ucc links
ucc office cleveland
penn central conference
northern association













 










facebook


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 
















