



home - midwest inspectors institute
























































home
about us
classes

80-hour inspector education 
print reading 
exterior insulation & finish systems 
new construction code compliance 
structural deficiencies 
vinyl siding installation 
heat pump theory & inspection 
old house wiring 
carbon monoxide 
irc residential series test prep 
3-d report writing software 
3-d advanced 
business operations 
marketing to realtors 
becoming an expert witness 


inspector iq
puzzle
testimonial
gallery
blog
contact us








 

























 



welcome!!providing training for home inspectors, appraisers, builders, site superintendents and code enforcement officers, since 1993, midwest inspectors institute is one of the oldest and most successful facilities in the industry. over the years, it has been our goal to make quality education available for the new home inspector as well as continuing education for experienced home inspectors and all those involved in real property, across the nation.
midwest inspectors institute has a strong background of successful graduates, offering quality home inspections and reassurance to home buyers from anchorage, alaska to key west, florida and many states in between. many of our graduates have become leaders in the home inspection industry.  at midwest inspectors institute, we have long believed that “knowledge is for everyone.” national home inspection organizations and licensed states have set the minimum standards for the inspection industry. we are undertaking the task of raising the educational bar for those in the industry by providing the most up to date educational information and expertise of our educational staff. using our resources, we are able to offer an impressive array of courses for home inspectors, novice and experienced, appraisers, builders, site superintendents and code enforcement officers.  inputenroll nowcrossword puzzlecrossword-1-printed  
this video is an expose that kctv5 did a few years ago, their reporter followed city code inspectors from 5 jurisdictions in the kansas city area. their finding showed that professional home inspectors will are needed to protect the home buyers financial interests. even new homes need us to perform inspections. the city does not look at all facets of the construction process. where home inspectors review the whole house and its systems.
performing new construction progress inspections require further knowledge beyond that of a whole house inspection. the midwest inspectors institute also offers international residential code classes to prepare you for those additional inspections.  meet our staffall instructors at midwest inspectors institute are actively involved in the home inspection industry. our full-time instructors are tom lauhon and miki mertz but it is not uncommon to see ron rusch or charles sanderson, both graduates of midwest inspectors institute and part-time/on-call instructors.  tom lauhoninstructormiki mertzinstructor


			0		
lorem impsum





			0%		
positive feedback





			0		
lorem impsum





			0%		
happy customer



things i liked most about the classes
  tom’s knowledge from his own personal experiences, and stories about prior home inspections.adom rhaving the overall knowledge on proper home construction and maintenance.tracy hthe visuals in the classroom, hands on displays and the in field inspections.doug di came to the course with very little knowledge of this type of material. i think i have a lot better understanding……rob m









quick linkshome
about us
classes
meet our staff
graduates
legislation
organizations
resources
contact us
 

informationenroll now
education materials
inspector iq
formsets
blog
 

newsletter

 

contact usmidwest inspectors institute
p.o. box 186 lansing, ks 66043
facility address: 512 delaware st
leavenworth, ks 66048(913) 680-1757info@midwestinsp.comfacebooktwittergoogle+youtube 





site credits: azzile
copyright © 2009 midwest inspectors institute. all rights reserved.
































