salesforce: the customer company | salesforce india

























skip to content














humans with agents, driving success together.

        discover agentforce
    



















    
    try salesforce starter suite for free.
    


unite marketing, sales, and service in a single app. try salesforce starter suite today. there's nothing to install. no credit card required.





        start free trial
        
    

        



        watch demo
        
    

        



















    
    learn what salesforce products can do for you.
    














    small business
    


sales, service, and email outreach tools in a single app.





        learn more
        
    

        
















    sales cloud
    


                close more deals and speed up growth with the #1 crm.
            




        learn more
        
    

        
















    service cloud
    


                make customers happy faster and build loyalty with service cloud.
            




        learn more
        
    

        
















    marketing cloud
    


                build customer relationships for life with data-first digital marketing.
            




        learn more
        
    

        










        view all our products
        
    

        
























    
    we bring companies and customers together
    


salesforce is the world’s most trusted customer relationship management (crm) platform. we help your marketing, sales, commerce, service and it teams work as one from anywhere — so you can keep your customers happy everywhere.






        start free trial
        
    

        



        watch demos
        
    

        












    
    learn valuable skills for free, with trailhead.
    


follow guided learning paths and get hands-on to learn salesforce, digital, and soft skills from anywhere.














        learn for free
        
    
        















    
    over 150,000 companies, both big and small, are growing their business with salesforce.
    


 






        view all customers
        
    

        






















































































    
    try salesforce for free. no credit card required, no software to install.
    


 





        start free trial
        
    

        



        see pricing
        
    
        















    
    how can we help grow your business?
    












        sell faster
        
    

        














        close more deals
        
    

        














        scale service
        
    

        














        build customer relationships
        
    

        















    
    our technology helps people create better jobs, lives, companies, and communities.
    












            
    technology given for free or discounted

        














fortune 100 best companies to work for 2024 (16 years in a row)















fortune world’s most admired companies 2024































    
    questions? we’ll put you on the right path.
    


ask about salesforce products, pricing, implementation, or anything else. our highly trained reps are standing by, ready to help.





        contact us
        
    
        






        editions & pricing
        
    

        

















