






























 
 
 
 










overview
 
 references

figures

publications
links

news

acknowledgments

 

























welcome 
                    to climatechange.net


internationally recognized for research, policy analysis and outreach in climate change, dr. stephen h. schneider focused on climate change science, integrated assessment of ecological and economic impacts of human-induced climate change, and identifying viable climate policies and technological solutions.  
                  
                  
                  more...


click on overview to get started

















climate change: from science to policy 
                     - stephen h. schneider public symposium
                      august 24-27, 2011 boulder, co 
view the complete program of webcast videos!
celebrating the life of steve schneider: memorial program and event videos from december 12, 2010









 


 




 






stephen 
                      schneider affiliations 
                      1945-2010



melvin and joan lane professor for interdisciplinary environmental studies




 professor, department 
                  of biology


 professor, by 
                      courtesy, civil & 
                  environmental engineering


senior fellow, stanford woods institute for the environment.




biography


  "just 
                    because we scientists have ph.d.'s we should not hang up our 
                    citizenship at the door of a public meeting."           - steve



 


 







  the climate change problem - an overview and introductory perspective on the 
                            four major areas of concern: climate change science, 
                            impacts, policy and reporting.
 
getting informed - mediarology: 
                            how to evaluate climate change reporting; what is credible?
 
what are the odds? - what can 
                            happen, what are the odds of it happening, and how 
                            do we know what is going on with global climate change.
  special events: annual stephen h. schneider memorial lectures:
  

	2024: 12th annual stephen schneider memorial lecture. anna lappé, an internationally recognized expert, sustainable food systems and executive director, global alliance for the future of food: "you are what i eat - i am what you eat: a diet of interdependence in an age of crisis". join us to engage in discussions about climate change, environmental justice, and other social issues, challenges, and solutions of our time with other members of the stanford community.
         thursday, march 7, 2024. 7:00 to 8:30 pm. register free here. bishop auditorium 518 memorial way, stanford, ca 94305, sponsors: students for a sustainable stanford and the stanford woods institute for the environment.
event co-sponsored by the stanford woods institute for the environment.
  

	2023: 11th annual lecture. dr. kealoha fox, president of the institute for climate & peace, a non-profit working towards climate-resilient futures in the hawaii-pacific-asia region.
         watch full lecture (mp4)
  

	2022: 10th annual lecture. dr. mustafa santiago ali, vp environmental justice, climate & community revitalization for the national wildlife federation. 
         watch full lecture
  

	2021: dr. ayana elizabeth johnson, marine biologist and policy expert: "fireside chat."  
         
	  

	2020:vandana shiva, "soil not oil: biodiversity-based agriculture to address the climate crisis." 
         watch full lecture
  

	2019: nainoa thompson, "finding our way: a master navigator's worldwide voyage of tradition, stewardship, and discovery." 
         watch full lecture
  

	2018: geisha williams. "energy network of tomorrow: how to reach california's climate goals"  
 watch full lecture
 

	2017: john holdren, "science, technology, and environment in the white house." 
 	watch full lecture
 

	2016: will allen, "growing power, inc." 
 watch full lecture
 

	2015: dr. sylvia earle, "sustainable seas: the vision, the reality" watch full lecture
 

                 2014: lisa jackson, "the private sector as public servant" watch full lecture
 

                 2013: al gore, "peril and opportunity: solving the climate crisis and reinvigorating democracy" watch full lecture





 






   science as a contact sport
                      is steve  schneider’s first-hand  account of a scientific odyssey of the “battle to save the earth’s  climate”…




 climate change science and policy equips readers with all they need to know to rebut the misrepresentations being propagated...



 preparing for climate change
  argues that we need to start adapting to climate change now, while reducing greenhouse gas emissions...



 ipcc report 2014: the report by the intergovernmental panel on climate change’s strongest warning yet that earth is warming is unequivocal and that most of the warming over the last 50 years is due to greenhouse gas emissions from human activities.











 
                    gifts can be made by check payable to:
                    "stanford university, stephen schneider memorial fund"
                    mail to:
                    stanford university
                    gift processing
                    326 galvez street
                    stanford ca 94305-6105
                    credit card:
                    gift processing 650.725.4360




 





 


copyright 
        2024, stephen h. schneider, stanford university


 


