






 



wood flooring store long island | flooring store long island ny



















































































skip to content



over 500 five star google reviews
highest rated in tri state area.
 hicksville ny (516) 932-0434
serving long island and 5 boroughs



gold coast flooring supply
flooring supply

home flooringash flooring solid oak flooring wide plank flooring custom flooring high end flooring store engineered flooring wide plank flooring long island, suffolk prefinished flooring reclaimed flooring long island unfinished hardwood flooring vinyl flooring  machinesfestool galaxy american sanders lagler proteam  supplies service & repair live sawn white oak flooring nassau, long island, suffolkmanufacturers  showroom contact us 



 
home flooringash flooring solid oak flooring wide plank flooring custom flooring high end flooring store engineered flooring wide plank flooring long island, suffolk prefinished flooring reclaimed flooring long island unfinished hardwood flooring vinyl flooring  machinesfestool galaxy american sanders lagler proteam  supplies service & repair live sawn white oak flooring nassau, long island, suffolkmanufacturers  showroom contact us 


top quality hardwood flooring & suppliesfrom traditional to contemporary. we carry it!huge showroom on long islandmost popular flooring supplies in stock nowmanufacturing on premisewood flooring available for immediate pickupfree delivery across long island & 5 boroughs














gold coast flooring stocks the finest hardwood flooring and contractor flooring supplies on long island
 
gold coast features the largest wood flooring showroom on long island. our showroom floor is assembled with the consumer and contractor in mind. it is built with huge installed sections of exotic and domestic flooring species. the number of choices and possibilities are incredible. the selection process is simplified by seeing and experiencing the numerous flooring products that are installed and custom finished at the gold coast showroom.
as a primary supplier to contractors, decorators, architects and the trade professional, we have every type of flooring product, installation tool and finishing supply that is available in our industry. consumers will experience the pleasure of shopping in a state of the art facility with every possible flooring choice clearly presented, as it would be, in any home.


learn more about us >some manufacturers we work with



we are proud to offer exclusive collections that are all manufactured in the usa. these fine collections offer exceptional quality, so you can be certain your new floor covering will enhance the value of your home. visit our showroom today and let our experts help you to select the perfect hardwood flooring for your home and lifestyle.


wood flooring
gold coast flooring supply offers a huge selection of high quality wood flooring in prefinished, unfinished and custom cut wide plank. visit our showroom today.
view flooring options >>
flooring supplies
gold coast flooring supply has a wide selection of wood flooring supplies in stock now. from sanding pads to floor finishes, we have it all. call us today.
view flooring supplies >>
service & repair
we offer an in-house service center. factory trained technicians are available to diagnose, repair & service all sanding equipment and power tools.
learn more >>
convenient locations in nassau & suffolk county. delivery from montauk to manhattan
view our virtual showroom tour >>visit our showroom
come visit our conveniently located long island flooring showroom and contractor supply warehouse in hicksville, ny and experience the gold coast difference.
store locator >>



our showroom was designed with you in mind. stop in and view a selection of our beautiful floors in a natural interior setting – not on a 2′ x 2′ square of a discount store. our knowledgeable staff will be standing by to assist you in selecting the right flooring and equipment for your needs. for a virtual tour of our showroom, click here >>




convenience of free delivery across long island






se habla español




gold coast flooring is long island’s preferred hardwood flooring and contractor supplier
“gold coast flooring took their time to work with us in selecting the best wood flooring for our home. with so many types, colors and styles to choose from, we were able to find the perfect one for us!”  – cindy m., bethpage, ny












free delivery across long islandshowroom hours monday – friday: 8:00 am – 4:00 pm
saturday: 9:00 am – 3:00 pm
sunday: closed

trade area hours monday – friday: 6:30am – 4:00pm
saturday: 8:00am – 3:00pm
sunday: closed

nassau county showroom & supplies 870 south oyster bay road
hicksville, new york 11801
phone: (516) 932-0434
serving nassau county, suffolk county 
facebook page opens in new window

 








© copyright 2024 | all rights reserved by gold coast flooring supply







go to top


















































