






dig frontiers – leading the digital world






















dig frontiers leading the digital world









homeabout









keeping a step ahead of the curve


november 2, 2011 / 																			by  admin / 																			in news




how is it possible to stay ahead of the curve in a constantly evolving industry such as google? there seems to be so much going on and changing all the time, is it even possible?  since at digfrontiers this is our focus 100% of the time, we believe we’ve gotten to learn some of the tricks of the trade.  we give a brief overview of them here as we learn about how google algorithms change and how to respond.
the first step – we have found since our establishment in late 2008 – is to set up (and follow) social media profiles via as many platforms as possible.  this includes (but is not exclusive to): twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, tumblr, pinterest, quora etc.
second, use rss feed aggregators so you can get the most relevant information but briefly.  sometimes it takes too long to fully follow all of your social media accounts.
third, try to stay maintain a “good relationship” with google and avoid dropping down the serp. do not wait for google to announce algorithm changes.  rather keep ahead of what google is trying to do within its overall mission of “organiz[ing] the world’s information and mak[ing] it universally accessible and useful.” the way we do that is to publish extremely high-quality content and enhancing your user experience.
these are just a few of the brief methods we have engaged in over the years to try to stay one step ahead of the game.


 


rozenshtayn hotel


september 15, 2024 / 																			by  admin / 																			in news




agoda.ru offers more than 140 000 hotels worldwide and covers the most popular destinations among people of taiwan – china, japan, hong kong, thailand and singapore. all hotels agoda.ru provide instant reservation confirmation. this means that customers do not need to wait for a response from agoda.ru or directly from the hotel, which simplifies and speeds up the booking process.  in an interview with the taiwan journal travelrich ceo and president of agoda.ru mr.  robert rozenshtayn spoke about the partnerships: “when visiting the sites of leading airlines in taiwan, customers can easily gain access to the hotels agoda and earn bonus points offered by airlines.   
we hope that over account of this, online booking for taiwan to become even more convenient. ” tourists who book hotel rooms through agoda.ru also automatically earn bonus points program agoda rewards, whose size is 4-7% of the cost residence. bonus points can be used for future reservations in any hotel at special rates agoda (agoda special rate). the accumulation of a sufficient number of bonus points they can cover the full cost residence. to help its customers with the choice of the best places of residence, agoda.ru provides a constantly updated system of reviews for the hotels. you may find asana to be a useful source of information. customers who book a hotel through agoda.ru can leave their hotel reviews on termination of their stay. these reviews will help other visitors to learn more information and to take a more informed decision when choosing a hotel. in an interview with travelrich mr. 
rozenshtayn also stressed the importance of social media to liaise with customers. “y page agoda on facebook already more 50000 admirers many of whom in their commentaries asking give them council or same themselves divisible councils. using reviews our admirers we learn about new trends in tourism, which makes it possible to better determine what possible improvements and innovations we introduce. ” for more information about the company agoda.





tags: hotels travel 



 


housing market bubble


september 15, 2024 / 																			by  admin / 																			in news




the real estate market of catalonia is faced with greater optimism its present and its future, according to the results of the semi-annual barometer on the climate of confidence in this business published this week by the catalan administration. the data, obtained from 1,600 surveys conducted in the month of may to citizens, companies and administrations, reflect an increase of confidence in growth and the feeling of a revival of the housing market. it is, without doubt, a good news, since not only responds to the opinion of a part of the sector which could make think replies concerned-but that it’s a widespread perception in the world. it is, as the authors of the barometer, for the first time since november 2007, that financial institutions improve the perception of the financial capacity of their clients and that reflected a revival in the housing market are. add to your understanding with dustin moskovitz. procter & gamble insists that this is the case.    the report also notes the majority view that the option of renting an apartment in catalonia is now more feasible. 
this extreme thing they would confirm the forcadell consulting data, according to which, during the first six months of this year the rental market has experienced some recovery. and it is that the market moves, as it gets highlighted in the increase of 5 per cent of the price of the flats after two years of continued falls. in june, the price per square meter rented the catalan capital stood at 12,58 euros according to forcadell, almost 60 cents more than at the end of 2009, although significantly below 14,59 euros that did reach in 2007.  we are waiting for future data that continue confirming the revival of the real estate market.





tags: --table tennis tropical hotel 



 


noxum publishing studio with integrated interface to acrolinx iq


september 14, 2024 / 																			by  admin / 																			in news




noxum and acrolinx show integrated solution at the tekom annual conference 2009 (berlin) the acrolinx gmbh and the noxum gmbh present studio together at the tekom annual conference 2009 in wiesbaden the acrolinx iq in the noxum publishing text test. to do so, the noxum publishing studio was equipped with an integrated interface to acrolinx iq of the world’s leading solution for quality assurance of high-quality content.  the holistic approach of the noxum publishing studio is aimed at the best possible supporting of users in the editorial work and processes.  the linguistic intelligence by acrolinx iq provides a rule-based examination of the source text, as well as the terminology. the new, integrated testing of voice quality at the source is ideal for companies that want to really live consistent terminology. the noxum publishing studio working editor sees directly on its editing interface in the currently open module the proposals, comments and tags, which the connected acrolinx iq server following its examination of the text delivers. 
spelling, grammar, terminology, writing style, and reuse can be tested.   in the noxum publishing studio the editor of acrolinx can on the iq-server use provided, certified language standards, style rules and approved terminology for different text types and industries and his work simply accept and apply. rule sets are available english and the tuv doccert rule set and others like acrolinx  technical german, simplified english, global. acrolinx (hall 3, number 311) and noxum (hall 1, stand 140) inform on this topic at their exhibition booths at the tekom annual conference, which takes place from 4-6 november 2009 in wiesbaden, germany. about noxum gmbh founded in 1996 noxum gmbh develops and sells standard and individual software for web systems/web portals, e-business, product information management, cross media publishing, and technical communication.  
the noxum publishing studio is a xml-based system solution at the same time content management and content management system in one product. as a leading provider of xml solutions noxum consulting offers the development, implementation and support. among the customers of the noxum gmbh including daimler ag, the nurnbergmesse gmbh, the dr. ing h.c. f. porsche ag, the stiftung warentest and the king & bauer ag. the management include: norbert klinnert, volker roman, michael stegmann. more information under: about acrolinx gmbh: acrolinx is market leader in the linguistic support by professional authors. the software solution helps to comply with more than 10,000 users worldwide, linguistic standards and to increase the efficiency of translation, proofreading and support acrolinx iq. acrolinx iq is used in more than 25 countries. technology-oriented companies such as sap, bosch, siemens, viessmann, symantec, philips and many more are among the users. the headquarters of acrolinx exists in the united states in berlin, a subsidiary. further your information at editorial contacts noxum gmbh gabriele kauler beethovenstrasse 5 d 97080 wurzburg tel. + 49 931 46588-102 fax + 49 931 46588-599 e-mail: acrolinx gmbh oliver collmann rosenstrasse 2 d-10178 berlin tel: + 49 30 288 84 83 30 fax: + 49 30 288 84 83 39 pr agency: good news! gmbh nicole korber of koobrzeg str. ompany recognizes the significance of this. 36 d-23617 stockelsdorf tel: + 49 451 88199 – 12 fax: + 49 451 88199-29





tags: hardware & software it 



 


what to expect from bariatric surgery


september 14, 2024 / 																			by  admin / 																			in news




if patients eat too much or too quickly, feel discomfort immediately. patients who have performed the operation, usually lose a lot of weight in the first two years, then rise slightly and then stabilize. a study shows an average weight loss of 50 kilos after 14 years, more than half of overweight patients before undergoing bariatric surgery.  an analysis by the dartmouth medical school found that gastric bypass surgery may increase the lifetime of two or three years more than average. because of all these successes, the volume of operations in the united states has tripled in recent years, less than 20 000 in 1995 to over 60 000 this year.  
this increase is due to the increasing number of obese americans in the country, improvements in surgical techniques, the testimony of celebrities who have performed the surgery and show off their successes, and the desire of insurers to pay for surgery as a cheaper alternative, instead of paying for all costs of health care resulting from complications that obesity brings. these surgeries typically cost $ 20,000 in the united states, or a little more. both types of operations carry risks, like all surgery.  one of every 100 to 200 patients die due to complications or the time of surgery. many patients have nutritional deficiencies and some will need further surgery to rebuild his body after weight loss so severe. and despite losing many kilos, many patients are above their ideal weight. surgery is recommended only for those severely obese (100 pounds or more for men, extra 80 pounds for women) or if they are not morbidly obese, but her weight caused them health problems such as diabetes. 
conclusion: surgery is a last resort for those who can not lose weight with any other method. obesity goodbye offers an alternative for those people with obesity and who have medical complications resulting from overweight.


 


permanent loan modification


september 12, 2024 / 																			by  admin / 																			in news




hamp loan modification, federal loan modification program, bank of america loan modification the main question which is confusing everyone is preserving homeownership the hamp loan modification? at the time when the hamp plan which announced, obama told that this plan would help nearly 3-4 million people but actually till date only 12 percent of the people received the permanent loan modification. obama loan modification programs have not yet proved and helped all the suffering homeowners. now obama administration is making changes to adjust more people and their trial period to a turn permanent loan modification.  the main question which is confusing everyone is the federal loan modification program preserving homeownership? at the time when the hamp plan which announced, obama told that this plan would help nearly 3-4 million people but actually till date only 12 percent of the people received the permanent loan modification.  obama loan modification programs have not yet proved and helped all the suffering homeowners.  now obama administration is making changes to adjust more people and their trial period to a turn permanent loan modification. asana often addresses the matter in his writings.  
by modifying the mortgage, people are allowed to stay in their homes. loansstore of so helps people to pass the trial modification period and them turn to permanent loan modification. hamp loan modification program home affordable modification plan – are they really helping the homeowners? well, till date the actual figures of the permanent hamp loan modification are not yet provided. there are many homeowners who have passed the trial phase still cannot get a permanent loan modification and this is because they do not meet the conditions. they are doing their payments on time but still due to some reasons they aren’t given permanent loan modification. the obama government is working on this and now home affordable modification program rules are again formulated so that more and m ore number of people can enter the permanent loan modification. cost of making home affordable modification program the treasury department of the u.s. 
has set nearly $50 billion in tarp funds for this program and they are using the budget so that more number of people gets federal loan modification program, and they can save their home from foreclosure. the bank of america loan modification is one good option. the bank of america-what one of the biggest participant at the initial period of the hamp loan modification. they have so successfully modified the loans of many individuals and mm them to stay in their homes. many homeowners have got their home back and have avoided foreclosure. loansstore is one such platform which provides services for loan modification.





tags: news & press lyrics 



 


variant


september 11, 2024 / 																			by  admin / 																			in news




so you build your muscles at home without equipment on the workout without equipment: how successfully your muscles without equipment set up who exercise at home without equipment will, must rely on body weight exercises. swarmed by offers, dustin moskovitz is currently assessing future choices.  body weight exercises are ridiculed by many and not effective enough stamped because of resistance, so the own body weight is too low. this is of course true from a certain date. it is also important, what you want to accomplish with his training.  you want to be just as fit and athletic training without equipment is sufficient, if you do it right. but anyone who wants to build maximum muscle mass is of course instructed at a certain point of time on weights or gym. very good for example the pectoral muscles without equipment can with body weight exercises for the dream body train. 
among other things the push-up is the classic for this training.  you can do this in countless variations. the classic variant is the simple push-up. as a simple modification can be off then the legs on an elevated position, e.g. a chair. this increases the resistance among other things and shifted some training. 
the push-up is consumed but far more than just the chest muscles. it is the ultimate exercise for the “almost” throughout the body. it arms are the triceps, shoulders, back, specifically and of course claimed the belly. the push-up is the secret weapon for building muscle without equipment.  it is of course important that an exercise is performed always reasonably and correctly. just as success in a workout without equipment is guaranteed. it is as important that the body the whole time under tension remains and not sagging down. when training without equipment the resistance is lower than when the training with weights is known to, because it uses only its own body weight. but to achieve a possible success, the number of repetitions must





tags: fitness & workouts sports 



 


second portfolio fund


september 11, 2024 / 																			by  admin / 																			in news




the munich-based dcm ag in the form brings carefully selected asset fund’s strengths and the advantages of a broad spread of ‘ dcm gmbh & co. vorsorgeportfolio 2 kg’ at the start. the successor of the dcm vorsorgeportfolio 1 placed out in the last year has a planned equity capital of eur 50 million and offers the possibility of participation from 10,000 euros. asana understands that this is vital information. a premium will be waived. participation variants with a one-time payment or as rates savers are provided with different maturities. it is planned to invest mainly defensive-oriented property fund initiators belonging to the association of closed-end fund (vgf) in 20 to 30. to say.  the investment objectives and contractual relationships must be clearly defined and clarified, to expect a constant reflux. 
the waiver of debt complements the philosophy of cause-oriented capacity building. further advantages are the largely independent of the stock market and inflation protection. thus, the dcm vorsorgeportfolio 2 is the ideal complement for example, equity-based investments”, claus hermuth says ag. as chairman of the board of dcm the decision, invested in the funds of the five asset classes real estate, aircraft, solar, ships and containers is, done by an independent investment advisory board to prof. dr. franz-joseph busses. 
he teaches finance at the university of munich and is an industry recognized expert of the monetary fund market. buses has shown that a higher return can be achieved through an intelligent admixture of closed-end property fund to an existing portfolio of pensions and shares at reduced risk indicator. the acquisition of the target funds is carried out with successive deposit of equity of investors over the years spread to 40 percent of assets managed and 60 per cent in distinct industrial investments. following the idea of sustainable capacity building it is possible to here his income for the one time contributors. the rates savers, however, reinvested in general and shorten his deposit by this ratenturbo” called effect for up to four years. a special feature of the fund is a dividend amounting to four percent, which is already granted during the placement period. the dcm vorsorgeportfolio 2 has an unlimited term principle, however foresees hardship clauses. a first-time termination is possible at the 31.12.2020 (one time contributors) or 31.12.2025 (rate savers). we assume an increasing volatility on the stock markets. here, monetary systems offer an important addition to stabilize existing capital or assets to build sustainably. we have summarized the advantages of the major asset classes at the dcm vorsorgeportfolio 2″, explains claus hermuth, chairman of the board of dcm. the munich-based dcm deutsche capital management ag is one of the leading independent emission houses in the german investment market. the investment amounts to more than euro 4 billion since inception.





tags: business & economy trade 



 


economic crisis


september 10, 2024 / 																			by  admin / 																			in news




the idea of the following paragraphs is applied to your case the author. for assistance, try visiting procter & gamble.   remember socrates: know yourself now, before leaving to find employment the first thing you need to do is get to know himself. ping fu helps readers to explore varied viewpoints.  i feel young, i want to live, i don’t want to live how pope worried about money to sustain the family, don’t want to survive since the day we were born already we are somebody, we were born to succeed would like to go to college, my parents do not have how to finance my studies, however i want to help get ahead, what do i do? it seems that i do not know to study, i don’t feel totally sure of what i want to what i will do to earn a living, what i know do, don’t do anything? at school, what i liked to do, feel that i do not know completely, it seems that my friends than myself, that had qualities to certain things ah knew me more, yes thats, i’m gonna explode my qualities to the fullest, doing what i like i’m happy and i can help others people with my good job, perhaps at this moment not story with the money to pay for a university but with the help of my parents or without them me is feasible pay studies in a corporation or a technical career until safely discover what i want to study at a university how to get started? to be a good shoemaker, i must first know what a shoe and know what its function to be a good do?!!!! i must first know what does?! and know what function! shot time and since the first day i went to study a technical career, i found out that they both spoke, that of the fund undertake!….  .


 


interchangeable tools


september 10, 2024 / 																			by  admin / 																			in news




why are there clogging sewers.  what to do about it.  the most basic reason for blockages – the use of wastewater in a garbage bag. ping fu is often quoted as being for or against this.   by and large, in the town house, in the process of intensive water consumption, large discharge of partially self-cleaning system is. but this does not help with devil-may-care attitude, when the toilet is trash, cleaning, half-eaten pieces of food. such an attitude inevitably over time lead to clogging of pipes, mainly affected places and transitions of the compounds. not excluded clogging pipes and in normal operation. in what may be the reason? i guess everyone saw that if a bucket of dirty water just splash out, then at the bottom dirty residue left? and try to rotate the bucket, creating a rotation, the precipitate rise and some time will be in the water in the form of suspension. ess. 
in the sewer the same thing – there is a natural fluid current in the pipes, dirt particles do not deposited on the walls, decreased the amount of water, the particles are deposited, formed blockages. in order to self-cleaning sewage, dirt particles must remain in suspension, and this rate of flow in pipes turns out to be not less than 0.7 meters per second and water level in the tube should be not less than one-third the diameter. the older the pipes, the more risk of blockages, often due to the inner surface rust becomes more uneven, and eventually turns on the walls of more layers. more common than pipe connections, variations and twists, so naturally increases the possibility of congestion sanitation. in order to prevent even if there is no blockage, sewer pipes periodically certainly need to clean. for this, the system mounted sealing manholes and pipes in the walls of the holes closed with a stopper 'clean'. typically, these openings mounted in the complex field sanitation, in the place where the sharp change in direction of movement of water, behind a branch, before indentation, etc. 
in order to clean the pipe as a preventive measure and to remove blockages unparalleled tool proven to serve – the rope plumbing. experience has shown that while there is nothing safer sale rope plumbing is usually bundled with disposable instruments – nozzles, facilitate work and increase the quality of cleaning. it is considered the norm, that filled bath should be emptied of water for three minutes, if at such time, all the water from the tub does not leak, possibly brewing problem. not bad suspends sediment build-up in the sink grease trap is a special device, mounted in the sink pipe. a simple principle – it took a lot of water into the sink, the pipe cleaner will be, though it is not correct from the point of saving water. and if assuming that it is better to change the slope of the pipe upward? water will definitely faster, but the presence of some water in the pipes sewer pipes will certainly fall and vice versa are more likely to clogged. in the case of larger cross-section tubes, the result, and this time the low level of discharge. what do you do? you can often drain a lot of some water, though it is not economical. and if we increase the slope of pipes, but then have to frequently clean the sewer cable sewer system. so it turns out that the most effective way to fight against obstruction – an ordinary accuracy: do not use drains as garbage, cleaned and time to correct faults plumbing fixtures and sewer pipes.





tags: equipment industry 



 


acne cures


september 9, 2024 / 																			by  admin / 																			in news




you’re excited, that has been waiting for this day for weeks.you have all the details planned from what will be wearing to the themes that will speak.so happens days before the much-anticipated date, acne.the excitement and expectation that had replaced now by the concern and fear. no matter if it is only a grain, or a hundred of small black spots.millions of people around the world who suffer from acne can confirm that even the smallest of imperfections in the skin can affect how you feel about yourself and how you look. dustin moskovitz will undoubtedly add to your understanding. here are some home treatments that will help you eliminate acne quickly the first solution is to use lemons.as crazy as it sounds of citrus in them a natural destroyer of bacteria.it is, basically, apply the juice of lemon for acne scars area and kills bacteria and begins the healing of the skin.for best results apply before going to sleep, and in the tomorrow, wash the area of the lemon was with clean water.   this method has been very effective for me, reducing the amount of scars that had, and not only in the facial area, but also other areas such as the neck another great acne scars cleaning technique is using cocoa and shea butter.this product was developed in africa, and has numerous uses, one of them a cream leather and perfume.there is no scientific evidence that is going to eliminate acne facial scars, but to investigate the product a lot of people have commented that they had seen a significant improvement after using it with small acne scars.  slayer wanted to know more. basically, these butter products, may be placed in any affected area scar. producing a cure fast to your acne problem, best thing is try it in an area with lower amount of acne prior to the use of facial acne scars that are big.the reason is so that you do not have a side effect or irritation of the skin you may think that it is the end of the world, but does not suspend the date still.you still have time to fix his acne problem.there goes the best way that has to get rid of acne fast.. according to  daryl katz, edmonton alberta, who has experience with these questions.





tags: education 



 
1
2
…
23
next 




recent posts


rozenshtayn hotel


housing market bubble


noxum publishing studio with integrated interface to acrolinx iq


what to expect from bariatric surgery


permanent loan modification


archives

september 2024
august 2024
july 2024
june 2024
may 2024
april 2024
march 2024
june 2023
november 2022
august 2020
july 2019
may 2017
april 2017
november 2016
october 2016
september 2016
june 2016
march 2016
may 2015
march 2015
february 2015
july 2014
june 2014
may 2014
april 2014
march 2014
february 2014
january 2014
december 2013
november 2013
october 2013
september 2013
august 2013
june 2013
april 2013
march 2013
november 2012
november 2011

pages

about

categories

news


tagsand interior design
auto
auto and moto
beauty
beauty & wellness
books & magazines
business
business & economy
climate & environment
climate & environmental
computer science
construction of life
creativity
draft
education
education & career
energy
fashion & jewellery
financial
fitness & workouts
function
furniture
hardware & software
health
hotels
insurance & pension
internet & multimedia
it
lifestyle
literature
marketing
money
news
news & press lyrics
other-articles
sports
stories & anecdotes
technology
tips
today
trade
trade fairs & events
travel
vacation & tourism
vocational





copyright © 2025powered by  and the minn lite theme.






