










 










borescopes | videoscopes | hawkeye® precision borescopes



































































































request a free trial





account
view cart























request a free trial
800-536-0790




products






rigid borescopes
pro hardy (6.35 mm dia.)
pro slim (4.20 mm dia.)
pro slim prism (4.20mm)
pro superslim (2.40 mm dia.)
pro microslim (1.85 mm dia.)
pro microflex semi-rigid (0.9 – 1.5mm dia.)
 






micro flexible borescopes
micro video borescopes – q2 (.95 – 2mm dia)
pro microflex flexible (0.5 – 1.5mm dia.)
 






flexible video borescopes
v3 hd video borescopes (4 and 6mm)
q2 hd video borescopes (2.8, 3.9 and 6mm)
q2 dual view hd video borescopes (2.8, 4.5 and 6mm od)
q2 micro video borescopes (.95, 2.0mm od)
e-series video borescopes (2 and 2.8mm)
 






video systems
luxxor® ltc borescope camera
luxxor® lpc borescope camera
 





lighting


accessories


product search


choose by size
under 2mm diameter (.078″)
2-4mm diameter (.078″ – .157″)
4-6mm diameter (.157″ – .236″)
6-8mm diameter (.236″ – .315″)
 





new products
about

about glc
choosing a borescope
our technology
customer service


applications

aircraft maintenance
fuel systems
metal casting inspection
hydraulics
metal machining
precision shooting borescopes
welding
gearbox inspection


industries

aerospace
automotive
medical device manufacturing
metal casting
power gen
welding


video library
blog

hawkeye blog
case studies


faqs
contact us


account
resellers
view cart






















industrial borescopes
as the leading borescope manufacturer in the usa, we pride ourselves on providing the best quality video, rigid and flexible borescopes that exceed industry standards. our innovative borescopes allow professionals in the aerospace, automotive, power generation, precision welding and metal machining industries to inspect with unparalleled quality.
hawkeye precision borescopes










industrial video borescopes
hawkeye video borescopes provide the best resolution, durability and value on the market today. ranging in diameter from .95mm to 6mm we can meet all of your industrial borescope needs.
industrial video borescopes










aviation and aerospace video borescopes
the hawkeye v3 hd video borescope is the most popular choice for aviation and aerospace maintenance. the v3 hd video borescopes provide users with an hd image, touchscreen interface, servo joystick articulation and interchangeable tips exceeding the needs of aviation maintenance application in the market today.
v3 hd video borescope










metal machining and tube welding borescopes
we manufacture a wide range of borescopes for the metal machining and welding industries. the hawkeye pro rigid borescopes offer a user friendly, durable, high-resolution solution for common metal machining and tube welding applications. if you your tube has bends we offer a wide range of flexible video borescopes.
hawkeye pro rigid borescopes














q2 dual view hd video borescopes

hd image with 0 and 90 degree cameras…
the hd q2 dual view video borescope offers the benefit of 2 videoscopes for the price of one. with both 0 degree and 90 degree cameras, users can change between a forward view and a side view with the press of a button. the hawkeye® q2 dual view is perfect for engine and weld inspections as well as automotive and aerospace parts.
view dual view video borescopes


micro q2 video borescopes

hi-resolution under 1mm diameter…
at only .95mm in diameter the hawkeye® micro q2 video borescope provides crisp, clear images. the micro q2 video borescope has 8x better resolution than a fiberoptic borescope while having the ability to capture still images and videos. the micro q2 is perfect for inspecting small diameter medical devices, aerospace and automotive parts.
view micro q2 video borescope


q2 hd video borescopes

lightweight, portable hd image quality…
the new hawkeye® q2 hd video borescope has 6x the resolution of its predecessor the v2. with 4 way joystick controlled articulation, a 4 hour battery and interchangeable insertion tubes, the q2 is  an outstanding value at an economical price. with diameters of 2.8, 3.9, and 6mm there is a q2 videoscope for almost every application.
view q2 hd video borescopes


v3 hd video borescopes

our premier hd video borescope…
the hawkeye® v3 video borescope features a new micro hd camera, 5.5″ touchscreen display, servo-driven articulation, wifi streaming, integrated illumination, anti-glare, center and edge exposure weighting, and 90 degree and close focus tips. aircraft and turbine engine inspection in particular, are perfectly suited for the v3.
view v3 hd video borescope


rigid borescopes

when the entry path is straight…
if you have a straight path, meaning that you do not have to go around any bends, then a rigid borescope is almost always the best choice. rigids have superior sharpness, durability, and are our most cost-effective scopes. our rigid borescopes can be connected to a camera, making it a low cost, highly durable video borescope.
view rigid borescopes


micro flexible borescopes

when you need small diameter…
if you need to inspect small components the hawkeye micro flexible borescopes are the best solution. with both video and fiber options we are confident our borescopes will provide you with the highest image quality in the world at a great value. side view options available as small as 1.8mm for the small orbital welds.
view micro borescopes


video borescopes

hi-resolution, full screen inspections…
hawkeye® video borescopes simply deliver the best image quality of any borescope on the market today! hawkeye® video borescopes range from .9mm to 6mm and lengths up to 7.5 meters. our innovative technology like the q2 dual view camera or micro .9mm diameter are paving the way for industrial visual inspection.
view video borescopes


video systems

video systems designed for you…
our experienced sales team works with you to create the right combination of borescopes, lighting, and accessories to suit your specific inspection needs! the system may incorporate a video monitor, innovative software or your own laptop/pc. feel free to contact us about your application to learn more.
view video systems













featured video


choosing a borescope
with so many different borescopes available on the market, choosing the right scope can be confusing. in this short video, glc’s chief scientist explains each of the different types of borescopes in order to help you choose the best quality, most cost-effective solution for your application. read more
view full video library







view full video library





						borescope supplier & manufacturer
					

						gradient lens corporation is a borescope supplier and manufacturer that provides cost-effective, high-quality borescope equipment, perfect for your next inspection. our hawkeye precision borescopes are carefully vetted and made from top-grade materials that are guaranteed to exceed your expectations. we are the leading borescope supplier and manufacturer in the us, and we offer rigid, flexible, and video-precision borescopes.  
whether you need a cost-effective rigid borescope that’s best for straight path casting or a flexible fiberoptic borescope used by professionals working with curved paths regularly, we can help. our fully integrated portable video borescope is best used in complex casting and inspection of critical parts found in air crafts, diesel and turbine engines, and more. as the number one borescope supplier and manufacturer, we’re proud that our borescope equipment is made in the us and delivered overnight. to find the right combination of borescopes, lighting, and accessories that suit your specific inspection needs, call (800)-536-0790 today. 
					










featured applications


aircraft maintenance

aircraft maintenance inspections using hawkeye video borescopes and flexible borescopes.
learn more »


fuel systems

fuel systems inspections using hawkeye borescopes.
learn more »


hydraulics

hydraulics inspections using hawkeye borescopes.
learn more »


metal casting inspection

metal casting inspections using hawkeye borescopes
learn more »


metal machining

borescopes for metal machining.
learn more »


precision shooting borescopes

learn more »


welding

learn more »













user guides
data sheets
v3 brochure
q2 brochure
customer service
terms & conditions
privacy policy
contact us
 








                            207 tremont street
                            rochester, new york 14608
                        
800-536-0790 or 585-235-2620











© 2025. gradient lens corporation. all rights reserved. 










 





















 





chat with us,
    powered by livechat






