



  


bill keale 


































 










show navigationhome
events + performances
discography
gallery
about
booking + contact
 home
events + performances
discography
gallery
about
booking + contact


























 





 


 events + performances










 

 

discography







yesterday
with a soulful voice and personal touch he honors some of the great artists of our time with a style all his own.








by request
this album includes original music and songs by request. inspired by his audience it still remains a landmark and essential part of their music collection.








with aloha
"his voice smooth and melodious. a well-crafted assortment of island standards, ernest originals and soothing hawaiian slack-key instrumentals. this album the local record industry would be proud to claim".
-john berger music editor author island mele honolulu star-advertiser  








what a wonderful world
this artist will move you with his unique voice as feelings, memories and emotions are rediscovered in every song he shares.








after the rain
after the rain remains a timeless favorite. from wherever you are in the world the magic of the islands will always be with you.



 






gallery


 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 






 

 testimonials
from his early introduction into hawaiian music, slack key guitar, pop & folk, bill keale’s smooth vocal style adds a special touch
to audiences everywhere. it’s that intangible, acoustic, organic profile as a solo artist that remains evident and pure.
his unique guitar styling and vocals is a reflection of his approachable and personable interpretation of aloha.
to find out more about bill keale, fill out the form below.
"his voice, smooth and melodious, is the key ingredient to his success. keale identifies the people he honors in song."~jberger music editor/author island mele honolulu star-advertiser"pure music...all heart"~mom - hana, maui"bill keale ~ the best of central oregon ~best musician and best singer songwriter awards!"~the source weekly-bend oregon"another sold out event... simply amazing!"~bmyrick-broken top country clubboth approachable and professional, bill keale delivers a stellar performance.~jwillis - sunriver resorthis easy going style and thoughtful personality brings warmth to any room. what a voice!~lchu - proprietor 5 fusion & sushi bar"we pride ourselves in showcasing the best artists and artisans nation wide. we are now the number one arts festival in the land! thank you for your beautiful music bill!"~csalamone - executive director la quinta arts festival palm desert california"listen to his gentle, passionate voice and guitar and hear his story of making a place in music."~k.c.cowan oregon art beat opb
  

 contact

 













name
			






email
			








message
			














send message






for booking information, submit this form or leave a voice message at this number:
541.815.3590
		





 

 


connect with us


 

scroll to top


    ©2025 bill keale music    |   powered by the garage inc







































