



home | starfighters international













































about us


leadership



our aircraft


f-104 starfighter



operations


starfighters international



news

contact
 




starfighters international, inc. kennedy space center, florida  



























about us


leadership



our aircraft


f-104 starfighter



operations


starfighters international



news

contact
 






starfighters international inc. kennedy space center, florida
















iconic speed. proven performance.accelerating aerospace research and development.

iconic speed. proven performance.accelerating aerospace research and development.































early



            1990
        

                s
            


company founded


mid



            1990
        

                s
            


f-104 fleet acquired


during



            2000
        

                s
            


commercial operations


beyond



            2020
        

                s
            


aerospace expansion









starfighters international operates an active fleet of f-104 starfighters and is the only commercial company in the world with the capability to fly at mach 2 while launching payloads into space. 













f-104 starfighter











speed



            1328
        

                mph
            









climb



            50000
        

                fpm
            









ceiling



            90000
        

                ft
            









thrust



            15600
        

                lbf
            






















we are your strategic partner for global aerospace initiatives


























29 years of excellence in aerospace innovation





































ceo & president rick svetkoff, industry veteran.  over 29 years of operational excellence, collaborating with nasa, space florida, air force research laboratory (afrl), florida institute of technology as well as  various private, commercial and dod entities to deliver cutting-edge rdt&e  innovation and streamlining






read more



 multi-role capabilities the f-104 aircraft are versatile platforms, capable of handling various roles such as air launched 1st stage simulation, supersonic payload deployment, and national interest related priority testing, which will diversify the types of aerospace operations occurring at efd-gsa.





expertise in supersonic testing & support






























expertise in high-performance flight operations. specializing in supersonic testing, payload launches, spaceflight support, and research and development. trusted by leading governmental agencies, space agencies, and the private sector.  





















































































iconic speed. proven performance.accelerating aerospace research with the   f-104 starfighters.
















starfighters international is an opportunity to participate in high-demand commercial space activities. located at nasa’s kennedy space center in florida alongside spacex, blue origin and united launch alliance  f-104 acts as first stage carrying payloads to 45,000 feet for air launch to space  hypersonic testing as part of air launch partner development program fleet of seven f-104 fighter jets - the only commercial fleet in the world - will be capable of launching payloads through starfighters starlaunch program market ready with minimal r&d time given proven propulsion technology we aim to be one of the most cost-effective launch providers* current customers include lockheed martin, ge, innoveering, meggitt, space florida, and the u.s. air force research laboratory










starfighters international is poised to service one of the largest growing economies. 

 captive carry of payloads and test articlesmicrogravity experimentssupersonic/hypersonic rdt&espaceflight hardware testing/qualificationsuborbital spaceflight simulationhuman factors & flight physiology












teaming synergy























services, provided by the aerospace industry, meet the requirements of the most demanding clients.

seamless integration with partners amplifies collaborative opportunities in research, testing, and commercial space endeavors, particularly in r&d and t&e, strengthening partnerships within existing networks.

rick 'comrade' svetkoff rick, a former us navy pilot, is the president and ceo of starfighters. after leaving the navy, he served as a captain at continental airlines (now united), where he flew the b727, md80, b757, and b767. shortly after starting with continental, rick purchased an f-104 and began flying at air shows. he then acquired a fleet of the jets for a three-aircraft starfighters demonstration team. ultimately, he envisioned this f-104 fleet as the core asset of a small, fast reacting aerospace company for a wide range of missions.

driving supersonic innovation 

rapid and efficient deployment

supersonic speeds and payload launch capabilitieshigh-altitude performanceall weather high-g maneuverabilityflight systems, avionics, and payload testingdurability and reliability














©2024-25 starfighters international all rights reserved.


























this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. 


got it



 





