



	welcome to physicslab!


















      
      













 













                            welcome to the online physics program, physicslab™!
                        

                        physicslab was started in june of 1997, while i was teaching at mainland
                            high school in daytona beach, florida.  on may 30, 2018, after teaching a total of 44 years, i permanently retired from the classroom. at that time the website included almost 1900 interactive lessons, labs and worksheets. despite my retirement, physicslab will continue to be maintained and new curriculum developed each year. you may examine
                        the curriculum through any of the links provided on the sidebar. 
                        


                        physicslab is included, under the title physics lab online, in
                        
the american association of physics teachers' compadre website 
                        for recommended instructional materials
the merlot ii collection for physicslab's (physics lab online) overall content and special references to the resource lessons, labs, and amusing problems
the national science digital library (nsdl)


                        all of this in addition to the greatest affirmation that lies in the fact that countless teacher-based instructional websites throughout the nation link to physicslab to assist their school's students with its lessons, worksheets, and labs.
                        


                        also available on site are four collections of past state and national tests which have been re-formated into interactive formats.  
                        
28 years of the new york regents physics exams from june 1996 through june 2024.
introductory physics exams from the massachusetts comprehensive assessment system (mcas) from 2004 to 2024.
north carolina physics exam questions from 2004 to 2019
30 years of the physicsbowl exams as well as numerous physics olympiad screening tests sponsored by the american association of physics teachers (aapt) 

						in addition, there is a searchable collection of 41 years of ap physics b, as well as 36 years of physics c-mechanics, and physics c-e&m free response questions. 
					the ap review sessions for ap physics 1 and ap physics 2 have been updated to reflect the new course and exam descriptions released by the collegeboard for the 2024-2025 school year.
						
						
                        a compilation of random number drills can be accessed on the sidebar. these worksheets allow students to practice "classic" problems with a different set of values each time they reload the page. additionally the sidebar provides links to general groupings of interactive resource lessons, worksheets, and labs.
                        

                        the table of contents presents the site's curricular materials in a chapter format, while the search engines allow you to locate
                        curriculum by course, curriculum group, topic, skill, and keyword. any of the original curriculum which was not
                        converted to our new xml format can still be accessed by visiting physicslab's first edition companion website,
                         curriculum guide, where online materials are organized into content areas and
                        instructional units for visiting educators. note: this listing is limited to materials created from 1997 until 2003 and is no longer as comprehensive as our current search engines and table of contents.                        
                        

                        collateral math lessons, studyaids, and practice pages that support over 150 algebra,
                        geometry, trig, calculus, and statistics topics needed for the successful completion
                        of high school science courses are available through algebralab, a two-year project
                        funded by florida's enhancing education through technology grants.(2002-05)

                        please take a moment and generalize yourself with the directions on how to use physicslab. although there is no fee to access these materials, my usage and copyright requirements are provided on the site's directions page.
                        

catharine h. colwell

















physicslabcopyright © 1997-2025catharine h. colwellall rights reserved.application programmer    mark actonalgebralabcopyright © 2003-2025all rights reserved.application programmers    mark acton    jeremy r. blawnproject director    catharine h. colwell
ccttusdoe challenge grantcopyright © 1997-2003all rights reserved.project director    marshall ransom












