


network notes




















 
monday, october 13, 2008
a blog of her own

nnpcw's blog has a new look, a new name, and a new location!"network notes" is now "a blog of her own."come visit us, and let us know what you think!network notes archives will continue to be available on this site.
 

    	posted by noelle at 5:52 pm
    	
    		| link
			
				| 0 comments
 
thursday, october 02, 2008
internship opportunities in geneva, switzerland

the world student christian federation, a global federation of student christian groups, is offering two year-long internships based in geneva, switzerland.one of the interships will focus on wscf's work on human rights and solidarity, and the other will focus on communications.applications are due at the end of this month.  the internships run from feb 2009-jan 2010.  the starting date is negotiable.please email noelle.gulden@pcusa.org for a copy of the full job description and job application.you can visit wscf's website for more information about the organization.
 

    	posted by noelle at 11:30 am
    	
    		| link
			
				| 0 comments
 
monday, september 29, 2008

october is domestic violence awareness month.each year the presbyterians against domestic violence network (padvn) provides a packet to assist congregations and communities in ministering to individuals and families afftected by domestic violence.this year's packet focuses on elder abuse, but you can find materials related to other forms of domestic violence here.i encourage you to check out these resources and lead a worship service or domestic violence awareness event at your church, on your campus, or at your campus ministry. unfortunately, domestic violence affects every community of faith. the congregation where i worship was recently confronted with this brutal fact when one of our members was shot and killed by her husband. the resources offered by padvn have been helpful to our faith community as we deal with the aftermath of this tragedy and as we seek to prevent such violence from occuring again. it is my prayer that they will be helpful to you as well.let us know what you do this coming month to help raise awareness about domestic violence. 
 

    	posted by noelle at 4:05 pm
    	
    		| link
			
				| 0 comments
 
thursday, september 18, 2008
how then shall we vote?

as each of us discerns how we are going to vote in this and subsequent elections, i would like to point you to several wonderful resources produced by the presbyterian church (usa).1. presbyterian social witness policy compilation:throughout the history of the presbyterian church (usa) and its predecessor denominations, the general assemblies have adopted numerous social witness policies that help the church to discern faithful acts of public witness to the gospel of jesus christ.all of these policies have been brought together in an online guide arranged by topic. (i suggest that you view the guide in java by clicking the tab that says “java” just beneath the pc(usa) logo.)as you examine what the candidates have to say about such issues as war, public education, reproductive rights, immigration, and the economy (to name a few), you can use the compilation to see what our church’s social witness policies have to say about these same issues.this resource is produced by the general assembly advisory committee on social witness policy, and is updated annually. (please note that the current copy online does not yet include policies adopted by the 218th general assembly, which met this past june.)2. “christian and citizen” booklet:the “christian and citizen” booklet identifies some of the main policy issues that will be highlighted in this current election campaign, and gives the reader a sample of general assembly statements that relate to these specific public policy issues.the booklet also includes an theological introduction that outlines the challenging call we have as christians to engage in political life.this resource is produced by the pc(usa) washington office, and it does include policies adopted by the 218th general assembly.3. pc(usa) washington office election year resource list:the pc(usa) washington office website provides an extensive resource list every election year.it includes voter registration information, worship resources, a study guide on christians and government, and several “how to” guides.many blessings as we each discern god’s call to engage in the public witness of the gospel this election season!
 

    	posted by noelle at 10:59 am
    	
    		| link
			
				| 0 comments
 
tuesday, september 16, 2008
reframing the conversation

a good conversation was begun over the weekend about the current presidential race, but as some of my postings and comments were perceived as supporting one party over the other, i want to reframe the conversation.  therefore, i have removed my last two posts.  please check back this week for new posts and a new conversation about the issues surrounding this race.blessings,noelle
 

    	posted by noelle at 10:22 am
    	
    		| link
			
				| 4 comments
 
tuesday, september 02, 2008
nnpcw rocks my world

a reflection on nnpcw's annual event by abigail king kaiserthe national network of presbyterian college women just might be the most fabulous part of pcusa. though no longer a "college woman"(i am a student...) i always wanted to go to a nnpcw leadership event and never could make it while i was in college. but here i am in the same city as their annual leadership event, so i signed up and today i went."no one can give you the work you must do... your soul must call forth the work."rev. dr. katie cannon's keynote this morning took my breath away. she taught me a lot about myself. she challenged us to listen to our pleasure... something difficult for me. i think life should be hard, and that if i am not stressed and stretched, i am not working hard enough. i tend to think that if i am not hurting in some way, i am not contributing to the world. rev. dr. cannon reminded me that what we love, what gives us joys, what connects us with the divine is the imago dei in us... and to step on that or to allow others to step on that is a sin.it is important to remember those folk who got me where i am... there are a long list of them... but it is also important to be able to see the contributions i make to others. these days i find myself apologizing to others (perhaps for no reason, or before the fact, or just in case) and calling myself/thinking of myself as just a minion--a tiny, replaceable cog in a big machine. maybe this is true, maybe it is not. but i, of all people, should not be giving myself a hard time. i am my biggest obstacle most often, and rev. dr. cannon showed me that... something important to remember as i embark on new journeys as a "pastoral assistant" and "local assistant to the moderator" (i promise to try to stop calling myself a minion and thinking of myself that way. big sin.)and after this bit of church (it was a sacred time and place) i lead a workshop. there... i claimed my authority. i lead a workshop and had a blast! six fabulous women joined me and we played with art, talking through how the arts can contribute to our faith lives and social change. we did a visual lectio divina of micah 6:6-8, in two languages. i learned from each of the women about who god calls us to be. the beautiful images they created are still swirling in my head. i was worried i wouldn't be able to fill up an hour and a half (and yes found myself apologizing to these ladies before we had even done anything) and couldn't believe how quickly the time went. i hope they had as much fun as i did. and i hope that i am blessed enough to continue to work with some of these women in the church in the future.so in closing, i heart nnpcw and you should too.
 

    	posted by noelle at 2:49 pm
    	
    		| link
			
				| 2 comments
 
saturday, july 26, 2008
"what you don't know can't hurt you."  really?

here's something i didn't know until about five minutes ago:  there is more than one type of breast cancer, and the most aggressive type is undetectable by self-examination or mammogram.  it is called inflammatory breast cancer.my younger sister sent me a youtube video about ibc, which was the first time i had ever heard of it.  please watch the video.here are some of the major symptoms of ibc, according to the ibc research foundation:swelling, usually sudden, sometimes a cup size in a few daysitchingpink, red, or dark colored area (called erythema) sometimes with texture similar to the skin of an orange (called peau d’orange)ridges and thickened areas of the skinnipple retractionnipple discharge, may or may not be bloodybreast is warm to the touchbreast pain (from a constant ache to stabbing pains)change in color and texture of the areolaas i've been writing this, i've had the tv on in the background, and i've already heard several commercials about weight loss, feminine odor, and cosmetics--all targeted to women.  it's this overabundance of useless information, and the dearth of life-saving information about women's health and overall wellbeing, that reminds me of why women's movements are absolutely crucial."what you don't know can't hurt you."  so the saying goes, but i choose to disagree.  i hope you will, too.please educate yourself, spread the word, and keeping working for a more just and loving world.
 

    	posted by noelle at 11:30 pm
    	
    		| link
			
				| 0 comments
 


nnpcw

welcome to network notes, the blog of the national network of presbyterian college women (nnpcw).

nnpcw, a ministry of the presbyterian church (usa), is a group of young women connected by their belief in god, seeking to understand what it means to claim a christian faith that empowers women.
about me

name:  noelle 
location:  louisville, kentucky, united states 
hi!  i'm the staff person for the national network of presbyterian college women.

i manage nnpcw's blog, but i am not the only person who posts to this blog.  each week a member of nnpcw's coordinating committee shares her thoughts with you through the blog, and every so often i chime in, too.

please join the conversation by leaving a comment.

welcome!
view my complete profile
archive

january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
september 2008
october 2008

learn more about nnpcw:

nnpcw web site 
about us
nnpcw network
leadership event
resources/links
our alumnae
news/photos
join nnpcw
support nnpcw



 







 
 
 

