




forest hills umc












































 

















home
about
worship 

in-person
livestream


grow
connect + serve
wayfinder
resources 

discipleship resources
following god into a hopeful future resources


 i'm new!



day school  give
sunday worship: 10 am








god’s grace is at
work in nashville
together, we’re increasing our awareness of god’s presence and seeking to join in god’s mission of hope and healing in our world.
 
i’m new  sermons












hope lives!
worship in person (10 am sundays) or online as we gather, hear the word proclaimed, and are sent out to share and receive love in the world. let’s journey together.
worship livestreams












journey together on the discipleship pathway
where can i find meaningful friendships? what am i meant to do in this world? how can i grow in my faith? where do i start if i want to get connected to a church?
we’ve been there. we’re asking these questions, too. we don’t promise to have all the answers, but do we commit to walking with you on your spiritual journey. the discipleship pathway is designed to guide you in taking a next step in your faith, wherever where you’re starting. join us as we follow jesus towards god’s vision.
take discipleship quiz






testimonials






“from the very first sunday we visited, we felt the holy spirit at work in the people of forest hills umc. we are so blessed to have found a community who fosters our family’s discipleship through relationships, mission opportunities, and the constant reminder of god’s love…no matter what.”
– priscilla, kevin, and kyler (14)


“i have never been expected to be a certain kind of christian to fit in here. whether i already know god deeply or still have many unanswered questions, fhumc has always been a place where i, together with my church family, have been able to find answers.”
– susan


“i love wonder worship and the songs we sing, learning about god and the story about god, and sharing god’s love.”
– alaina (8)


“we have been experiencing the presence and love of god through the community at forest hills umc since the first moment we walked through the door. this church is a family, and we’re grateful to get to share our life and faith journey with them.”
– john, irene, sophie (13), and zachary (11)


“on january 24, 1965, i joined waverly place methodist church (now forest hills united methodist church). one of the main reasons i chose waverly place was the caring, friendly people; and that is one of the main reasons i am still a member 55 years later.”
– frances






previous



next

















ready to take the next step?
let’s worship together


 
sunday mornings at forest hills umc involve fellowship time, sunday school classes, worship services designed for an encounter with god’s love, and opportunities to take a next step in your faith journey.
 
still have questions? we encourage them!
 
contact what to expect


 
1250 old hickory blvd. 
brentwood, tn 37027
 
sunday mornings
10:00 am worship
11:15 am bible immersion hour








stay connected
sign up for the wayfinder
the fhumc weekly e-newsletter, 
unsubscribe at any time.





sign up for the
wayfinder newsletter










copyright © . forest hills united methodist church.
site built with love by honey creative.


home
about
worship
grow
connect + serve
day school


give
contact
calendar
staff & leadership
resources
disciple growth guide


wayfinder
 
i'm new
 
1250 old hickory blvd.brentwood, tn 37027(615) 373-3131


follow us on social media!






















