


howell event and party services, llc - northeast alabama's #1 party source!














































home
about us
contact us
price list
faq














howelltoparty.com


where's the party?










moonbounces
interactive inflatables
midway games
advertising balloons
concessions
other









moonbounces

we carry over 16 styles of jumpers in many attractive styles to suit your theme. the children at your event will love bouncing all through the party.
we provide all the necessary setup items ground stakes, sandbags, drop cords, safety rules, etc. no location charge inside calhoun county, charges may apply to other areas.
 view available products…









interactive inflatables

make sure your party or event offers cutting-edge fun with our interactive slides, obstacle courses, boxing, bungee runs and so much more fun.
 view available products…









midway games

your carnival or fun day will be stress-free and full of fun when you rent your midway games from us. we have a huge supply of games that will captivate your guests and provide fun for everyone. view available products…









advertising balloons

need to attract attention to your business or location? no one can drive by and not notice when you have one of our advertising balloons setup.
we have many styles and options available, including custom banners. view available products…









concessions

every event, depends on the food. let us take the stress out of your refreshment planning. everyone loves sno-cones, cotton candy, hot dogs and all of those classic carnival treats. our machines make it easy for you to provide these. they are easy to operate, safe, and clean! view available products…









miscellaneous items

we can provide all the other little details you may need for your event. including dunking booths, sumo, lighting, sound, fans, coolers, generators, helium, clowns, etc. … we can make sure you have everything you need. we have a huge selection of practical items like  tents, tables & chairs. view available products…











about

safety is our #1 priority!
find everything you need to rent from one reliable source. we cater to churches, schools, birthday parties, fun days, company picnics & parties, family reunions, fund raisers, storefront grand openings & more.

we offer moonbounces, interactives, concession rentals, clowns, midway games, advertising balloons and much more.


gallery

 









recent

weddings / catering
we have decided to enter into the “wedding – catering” market as of 2013! this decision was made after many customer request looking  read more...


miscellaneous items
 we can provide all the other little details you may need for your event. including dunking booths, sumo, lighting, sound,  read more...


concessions
 every event, depends on the food. let us take the stress out of your refreshment planning. everyone loves sno-cones, cotton  read more...


advertising balloons
 need to attract attention to your business or location? no one can drive by and not notice when you have  read more...











   all the glory is his!
			 776816 visits since december 10, 2009

        






© 2009 howelltoparty.com. all rights reserved.


designed by moxie style marketing












