








palmer animal hospital - veterinarian myersville, md
























































top 





menu







south mountain standard poodles
after hours
testimonials
 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentpalmer animal hospitalveterinarian myersville, md 




home
about

about us
veterinarians & staff
after hours emergency resources
testimonials


services
forms

client registration form
questionnaire for annual well pet visits
sick patient history questionnaire


news
contact
 (301) 371-3333we understand the value of family & the role your pet plays in yourslearn moreabout uspalmer animal hospital is a complete care facilitythe goal of dr. palmer and his staff is to provide quality, personable service for you and your pet. we offer all of the services necessary to keep your pet a happy and healthy member of your family for years to come — from preventative care and vaccinations, to medical and surgical care, in-house laboratory testing, and even referrals when necessary. boarding services are also available for our patients.learn moreour servicespalmer animal hospital is a complete care facility offering the following veterinary services...view all servicespreventative careregular examinations and testing are important to identify and address health concerns in your pet earlier so we can try to resolve them sooner.vaccinationsyour pet can be protected against many common diseases through vaccination.   ask us what vaccinations your pet should have.medical/surgical serviceswe can provide in-house medical care for sick pets if needed as well as perform most routine surgeries such as spays, neuter, growth removals, etc.dentistrythe majority of pets have dental tartar and periodontal disease by 3-4 years of age.   keeping your pet’s teeth clean will keep both their teeth and bodies healthier.in-house laboratory testingour in house lab is able to process most routine bloodwork and urinalysis on the same day.in-house pharmacywe stock many common medications for your pet’s care including heartworm preventative and flea/tick medications.prescription dietsour office carries hill’s science and prescription diets as well as purina and royal canin prescription diets.   many medical conditions can be improved or managed with a special diet.boardingwe offer boarding as a service to our clients.  your pet must be up-to-date on their vaccinations.your best friends deserve the best carefor over 20 yearssouth mountain standard poodlessouth mountain standard poodles is a home-based breeding program at the top of south mountain in scenic middletown, md. learn morenews & updatesview all newsfebruary 11, 2025closing at 4pm on tuesday, feb 11th due to winter weather
we will be closing early at 4:00pm on tuesday, feb 11th due to the winter weather.  we expect to be open for regular business hours on … read morejanuary 6, 2025snowstorm:  monday, january 6th
with today's snowstorm, we are open this morning with a limited staff and schedule, but will be closing early around noon.   we expect to be … read morejanuary 5, 2025winter storm blair:  monday, january  6th, 2025
we are expecting a significant snowstorm tomorrow, monday, january 6th with snow accumulation that is expected to be 6 inches or more.    we … read more
subscribe to email updates

  stay up-to-date on pet care advice, veterinary care and news from palmer animal hospital. we promise — no spam!










leave this field empty if you're human: 
testimonialswhat our patients are saying“they have always taken wonderful care of our pets. especially when there is an emergency. i moved out of the area and never found a vet to compare so i make a longer drive back to palmers as it is well worth it.”

darlene donaldson“i’ve taken my pets here for the past 14 years and always find the staff friendly and caring. dr. palmer and his team always take great care of the animals and help people make good choices taking each situation into consideration.”

larry hector“dr palmer did an amazing job with our dog bailey’s surgery. have been a customer for more than 20 years and have been completely satisfied with the service here.”

scott sheppard“great staff and always very accommodating and sweet. they really care for the animals that come in and the vets have all been very friendly.”

anna lebo“i’ve been going to dr. palmer since he first opened years ago. he has saved and worked on many of pets for me. i don’t know what i would have done without him!!! great place. great drs. great staff!!!”

sherry fisher“i have been taking my dogs to dr palmer for over 15 years. the animal hospital staff is always very kind and proffesional. his charges are very reasonable also. top knotch !!”

malea sanbowersfooterget in touch9405 baltimore national pikemyersville, md 21773phone: (301) 371-3333fax: (301) 371-0019email us!office hoursmonday 8:00 am until 8:00 pmtuesday 8:00 am until 8:00 pmwednesday 8:00 am until 5:00 pmthursday 8:00 am until 8:00 pmfriday 8:00 am until 5 pmsaturday 8:00 am until 12 noonhelpful links
services
forms
south mountain standard poodles
contact
after hours emergency resources

connect with us© 2025 palmer animal hospital · website design by datachieve digital


















