







seville home







































































































              home
            

              about
            

            contact
          

              gallery
            

            blog
          



              brands
            

              promotions
            

              designers
            

              services
            

        shop
      

            designer partner program
          















































































homeaboutcontactgalleryblog







preferred by designers. open to everyone.




brandspromotionsdesignersservicesshopdesigner partner program









scroll



























 
 interior designers

 
 blog 
 
 email savings

 
 financing 








 

preferred by designers and open to everyonefamily owned.  designer led.  nearly 25 years of furnishing the finest homes in kansas city and beyond.  that's what you will experience at seville home.  our expansive 18,000 sqf gallery is filled with more than 3,000 beautifully crafted creations.  for every room and every style . . . living, dining, bedroom, area rugs, accents, home office, outdoor and more.  lamps, framed artwork and the region's first and only bernhardt interiors boutique. choose in-stock or custom order from the most prestigious brands available. our design center features hundreds of styles and fabrics, many exclusive to us.at seville home, our inventory changes often, so plan to return again and again to experience, explore and discover the most beautiful home furnishings and fashion imaginable.  simply stunning and surprisingly affordable!











 




 

the complete seville home experienceat seville home, expect to experience an attentive level of personalized service from our outstanding group of design professionals.  never pushy.  always with your ultimate satisfaction in mind.  with hundreds of unique fabrics and leathers both in-stock and available for custom order, we will refresh your retreat and help you create spaces that are truly stunning, inside and out.many items are available for immediate purchase and delivery.  and our delivery is insured, bonded and able to place your new furniture exactly where you want it . . . never in a box on your driveway!at the end of the day, your complete satisfaction matters most.  being local and family-owned, you'll never wait weeks for a response or request.  if something needs attention, we'll move quickly and professionally to make it right.  kansas city's top designers prefer seville home for our service, beautiful selection and outstanding value.  you will too!




    learn more
  

  







 

our brands






































    more brands
  








offer



button



who we are



design servives



our brands








  



5205 w 135th st,
leawood, ks 66224,
united states of america


hours




let's connect(913) 663-4663 5205 w 135th streetleawood, ks 66224





























  











open mon. thru sat.10 am - 5 pm



email updates





sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up






thank you!













