



































































fremont tribune | breaking news | | read fremont, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















5°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



nation & world



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists




sports


high school



huskers



college



professional




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



movies & tv



music



comics



games



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



pets



people



faith



travel



celebrations




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




our publications


fremont tribune



burt county plaindealer




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



diers ford



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

diers ford









5°
cloudy
























        
        
            nebraska's cam jurgens celebrates super bowl win with a beer-chugging, jerky-tossing week

former nebraska offensive lineman cam jurgens soaked in a super bowl win this week with an appearance on "the tonight show" and more following a breakout season with the philadelphia eagles.

















        
        
            nebraska women's basketball 'thrilled' with 'aggressive' play from alberte rimdal

alexis markowski and britt prince attract plenty of attention from opposing defenses. alberte rimdal is starting to make teams pay.

















        
        
            shatel: greg sharpe's burning passion for life will be his defining legacy

tom shatel believes a man’s legacy is how he made people feel. starting with his family. but also anyone he came in touch with. we are seeing what we already knew, that greg sharpe made a lot of people feel good and will continue to inspire.

















        
        
            jordy bahl pitches no-hitter, nebraska softball breezes to 2 more wins in new mexico

nebraska has yet to play a full seven-inning game at the troy cox classic as it improved to 7-2 on the young season saturday.

















        
        
            amie just: greg sharpe was a hall of fame broadcaster, but his legacy transcends sports

those who know greg sharpe best know that, as talented as he was at radio play-by-play, he was an even better person, writes amie just.

















        
        
            what nebraska basketball's first 4 minutes say about escaping northwestern trap game

even if each nebraska basketball game is 40 minutes long, the opening four minutes have shown a trend of success or failure for the huskers in big ten play. 

















        
        
            'i loved this man': colleagues, friends remember nebraska broadcaster greg sharpe's impact

broadcasting friends and colleagues delivered an outpouring of admiration and love for the legacy of nebraska football and baseball broadcaster greg sharpe.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you












        
        
            creighton alumna creates fund for nurses to gain higher degrees and global practice


















        
        
            starbucks' policy change flushes out a debate over public restroom access


















        
        
            'for sharpie': gabe swansen's swats lift nebraska baseball over no. 16 vanderbilt















                
                the latest










        
        
            update: cold weather advisory issued for nebraska until sunday morning

on sunday at 3:36 a.m. the national weather service issued an updated cold weather advisory in effect until 9 a.m. the advisory is for columbus area and fremont area as well as knox, cedar, thurston, antelope, pierce, wayne, boone, madison, stanton, cuming, burt, colfax, washington, butler a…












        
        
            extreme cold watch affecting nebraska from tuesday to thursday

an extreme cold watch was issued by the national weather service on sunday at 3:36 a.m. valid from tuesday midnight until thursday noon. the watch is for columbus area and fremont area as well as knox, cedar, thurston, antelope, pierce, wayne, boone, madison, stanton, cuming, burt, colfax, w…




















        
        
            update: cold weather advisory issued for nebraska for sunday

an updated cold weather advisory was issued by the national weather service on saturday at 2:44 p.m. valid for sunday between midnight and 9 a.m. the advisory is for columbus area and fremont area as well as knox, cedar, thurston, antelope, pierce, wayne, boone, madison, stanton, cuming, bur…




















        
        
            dodge county real estate transfers

read through real estate transfers recently processed in dodge county.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            'for sharpie': gabe swansen's swats lift nebraska baseball over no. 16 vanderbilt

on the day after nebraska baseball lost play-by-play announcer greg sharpe, nu slugger gabe swansen helped delivered an emotional, upset win over no. 16 vanderbilt




















        
        
            tigers run gambit of emotions at class a state tournament

fremont bowling experienced highs and lows at the 2024 edition of the class a state bowling tournament at sun valley lanes in lincoln.




















        
        
            fremont's juan gonzalez earns second gatorade cross country runner of the year award

for a second-straight year, fremont's juan gonzalez was named the nebraska gatorade boys cross country runner of the year.





















        
        
            nebraska's fred hoiberg after loss to maryland

nebraska's fred hoiberg after loss to maryland 












                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 




















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!












sponsored








        
        
            protein packed, flavorful and lean… pork checks all the boxes!

content by national pork board. learn about the benefits of pork from registered dietitian and certified executive chef amber pankonin.












sponsored








        
        
            this sweet and savory holiday ham recipe will delight you and the whole family

content by nebraska pork producers association. pig farmer karen grant shares a wonderful easter ham recipe. 
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            sutton dermatology + aesthetics



                                        1710 s 70th st, lincoln, ne 68506
                                    






















        
        
            sandhills global



                                        120 w harvest dr, lincoln, ne 68521
                                    






















        
        
            impulse salon



                                        417 n grant avenue, york, ne 68467
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















car





        
        
            p & l automotive - ad from 2025-02-14
























jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-15
























other





        
        
            wes ewasiuk - ad from 2025-02-16







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


burt county plaindealer

the plattsmouth journal

lincoln journal star

beatrice daily sun

columbus telegram

get healthy




services


subscribe

contact us

newsletters

work here

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        fremont tribune, 135 n. main st. fremont, ne 68025
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























