











natural physiques



























skip to content





home
fitness & nutrition calculators
fat loss mistakes
abs
body fat percentage guide
calories/lb. of fat
 







featured article		


flexible dieting using macros helps cut fat & build muscle






 

there’s a new trend gaining popularity among those wanting to cut fat and gain lean muscle and it’s called flexible dieting or iifym (if it fits your macros). basically, it teaches you how to count macros in a way that will accomplish your goals. the best thing about flexible dieting is a person’s ability to… read more »


category: muscle nutrition weight loss





featured article		


body fat percentage guide for men to ten percent






 

what does ten percent (10%) body fat look like? have you ever wondered how you would appear at a certain body fat percentage? i have documented my fitness progress for several years. this is a guide to various levels of body fat percentage down to ten percent body fat to help you get an idea… read more »


category: tools weight loss
tags: popular




featured article		


body fat percentage calculator






 

this body fat percentage calculator will allow you to learn how to take your body fat measurements – 3-site and 4-site methods. measuring instructions method 1: measure skinfolds at the abdomen, suprailiac, triceps, and thigh method 2: take only 3 measurements. men – chest, abdomen, thigh. women – triceps, abdomen, suprailiac stand relaxed with your… read more »


category: tools






3 ways to manage back pain at home






 

living with chronic or occasional back pain can take a toll on your quality of life and productivity. but, there are some proactive steps you can take to manage it from the comfort of your own home without seeking treatment from stem cells denver medical facilities. in today’s blog, we’ll discuss three tried-and-true methods for… read more »


category: health and wellness






embracing a lifetime of healthy living: a guide to sustainable well-being






 

in a fast-paced world dominated by busy schedules and instant gratification, prioritizing long-term health can often become an afterthought. we think about the types of windows to put in our homes, where to go on vacation, and what new car to buy. however, making living healthy a life-long goal is essential for overall well-being and… read more »


category: health and wellness






family systems therapy: what you need to know






 

families are complex systems, and often, we experience difficulties and conflicts in our relationships with our family members. to address these issues, family systems therapy is becoming increasingly popular. it is an approach that recognizes the importance of understanding a family as a whole rather than as individual members. if you are facing issues within… read more »


category: health and wellness






four strength-building cable machine workouts






 

while a cable machine can be used to improve everything from endurance to balance, there are plenty of people who want to increase their strength levels, pure and simple. thankfully, there are all sorts of different workouts that you can do in order to achieve your particular goal in the way that you would want… read more »


category: arms strength training






what is the difference between addiction aftercare and sober living?






 

recovering from addiction can be a long and challenging process, but there are options available to help individuals in recovery stay on the path to sobriety. two of these options are addiction aftercare and sober living. although both terms refer to programs that provide 24/7 support for recovering addicts, there are some key differences between… read more »


category: health and wellness




post navigation
← older posts





fitness calculators 
how many pounds/calories?
one rep max
body fat calculator
zig-zag fat loss & muscle gain
target heart rate calculator
fat free mass index(ffmi)
body mass index(bmi)
calories burned during exercise
calorie and gram nutrition calculator
see all calculators

fat loss topicsfat loss topics
select category
abs
arms
carbs
cardio and aerobics
diet
fat loss mistakes
fat loss/muscle building reviews
foods for fat loss
health and wellness
how to
legs
motivation and personal development
muscle and fat q&a
muscle nutrition
personal development
sports training
strength training
stretching
success stories
supplementation
supplements
tools
weight loss
weight training
women’s health





recent posts


3 ways to manage back pain at home


embracing a lifetime of healthy living: a guide to sustainable well-being


family systems therapy: what you need to know


four strength-building cable machine workouts


what is the difference between addiction aftercare and sober living?


pages

about
contact us
fitness and nutrition calculators
terms of use

 
 



copyright 2021 naturalphysiques.com all rights reserved





iconic one theme | powered by wordpress








