




earl the retired electrical worker – lights out























		skip to content	


earl the retired electrical worker

			lights out		







my friends business buying old cars in ottawa.

hey guys it’s been a while since i wrote here. i went down to mexico. drank tequila and just general enjoyed the sh%$ out myself for a good three week. i went down there with my good friend matt from junk car ottawa. he opened up shop a while ago and has been crushing it.… continue reading my friends business buying old cars in ottawa.


published november 18, 2016categorized as cars  



the importance of establishing a baseline audit before perfoming contracting work

there are 2 sorts of power audits you could select. preferably, you need to select both. the very first one is easy due to the fact that there are calculators offered, both online and also offline, and also you could do it by yourself. it is advised that you obtain an electrical contractor for both… continue reading the importance of establishing a baseline audit before perfoming contracting work


published october 3, 2016categorized as retirement  



potential vacation destinations for your retiremen

i’ve been doing a lot of relaxing and hanging out around my home since i retired, but i’ve also had the opportunity to do a fair bit of travelling. i recommend you go see as much of the world as you can before it’s too late. retired life is an awaited part of our lives.… continue reading potential vacation destinations for your retiremen


published april 2, 2016categorized as retirement  



interesting video about how electricity works

i worked on the front lines of the electricity industry in alberta for over 40 years, so i think it’s safe to call me an “expert”. you can’t explain the ins and outs of electricity in a short video, but i came across this video on youtube that i thought was pretty good… i never heard… continue reading interesting video about how electricity works


published march 13, 2016categorized as electricity  



thoughts on retirement

i’ve been retired for a couple years now and more and more of my friends have been joining me. so, i figured i’d offer some thoughts on my experiences with retirement. a lot of them functioning people imagine retirement with terrific visions of being on permanent holiday, sleeping late on a daily basis, as well… continue reading thoughts on retirement


published march 13, 2016categorized as retirement  






search…



categories

cars

electricity

retirement




recent posts


my friends business buying old cars in ottawa.


the importance of establishing a baseline audit before perfoming contracting work


potential vacation destinations for your retiremen


interesting video about how electricity works


thoughts on retirement


 



																						earl the retired electrical worker																		

				proudly powered by wordpress.			



 




