




 craig thatcher band




















                    home


                    about 



  craig thatcher's bio




                    shows 



  eric clapton retrospective




                    schedule


                    media 



  cd releases

  picture gallery

  video




                    martin experience









craig thatcher
guitarist / vocalist / songwriter











 with both worldwide recognition 
                and a slew of lehigh valley music awards, the craig thatcher band has a well earned reputation for 
                blending classic rock and blues standards with impressive original tunes, all with a joy of playing 
                that's up front and bold. chico huff's awesome bass playing, billy wear's drums and cliff starkey's keyboards/vocals  
                only take craig's breathtaking guitar work to even greater heights. hey, they're the best! 
— godfrey daniels




  latest news



please note: po box no longer active. please contact craig via email. thank you!








  please check out our tribute shows

(click image to visit the show page)
(click/tap image to visit the show page)
(tap image to visit the show page)



 
                            eric clapton retrospective
                        




 
                            experience hendrix
                        











  please enjoy a selection of our 
                        releases   
  audio player help
                        










0:000:00














































                                        a christmas song (happy christmas from the valley)                                    



                                        bay of tears (beside you)                                    



                                        because of you (because of you)                                    



                                        before i go (from the valley to the world)                                    



                                        can't get you off my mind (temptation)                                    



                                        carol of the bells (passion, spirit & strings)                                    



                                        count on me (steel town refrain)                                    



                                        fields of joy (under the supermoon)                                    



                                        god rest ye merry gentlemen (passion, spirit & strings)                                    



                                        hard times (steel town refrain)                                    



                                        in the bleak midwinter (happy christmas from the valley)                                    



                                        jersey diner (under the supermoon)                                    



                                        let it go (beside you)                                    



                                        let it go (instrumental) (beside you)                                    



                                        lonely when you're gone (under the supermoon)                                    



                                        mary did you know (eventide)                                    



                                        missin' you blues (because of you)                                    



                                        oh, johnny o (temptation)                                    



                                        road to fairview (from the valley to the world)                                    



                                        see that my grave is kept clean (from the valley to the world)                                    



                                        song for alyssa (happy christmas from the valley)                                    



                                        streets of london (eventide)                                    



                                        temptation (temptation)                                    



                                        the parting glass (eventide)                                    



                                        the shannon meets the sea (from the valley to the world)                                    



                                        the way you are (because of you)                                    



                                        the wexford carol (passion, spirit & strings)                                    



                                        what child is this (happy christmas from the valley)                                    



                                        zoetermeer (steel town refrain)                                    



audio is also available on the cd releases page. additional audio is available on the tribute show pages.


  featured video



dick boak interview with craig thatcher, part 3


 view all videos
                    

 view our photo gallery
                    












  picture
        





            loading picture.please wait ...
            














  help: main audio player
        


 the main audio player plays select tracks all in one place.


             the player includes standard audio controls: previous track, play/pause, next track and volume controls.
        


            you can set the player to shuffle the tracks and play them in a random order and/or to play in a continuous loop. an icon 
            highlighted in blue indicates the option is selected. (eg: the 'loop' button shown.)

in order to play an audio track: click/tap the 'play' button or click/tap the track 
        name in the playlist. the player will continue to loop from one track to the next.
        
        using your mouse, you can easily scroll through the list of tracks by using the play list scrollbar. 
        on touch-screens,  you can simply swipe up/down on the play list to scroll the tracks.



  close












  our next gig      sat, mar 1, 2025 @ 7:30 pm — ct acoustic quartet with billy, cliff,  chico & craig @ nazareth center for the arts   (click/tap to view schedule)











  craig thatcher band
                            
                        
  craig & nyke
                           
                        
  craigandnyke.com
                        





 craig thatcher bandpo box 445coopersburg, pa 18036craig@craigthatcher.com










 






  sitemap
                    






© 2018, craig thatcher










 

