



































skip to content




lily auchincloss foundation















 







 menu



about

mission & history
who we are


apply

types of grants
cycles & deadlines
eligibility
instructions
sample application


grantees

grantee information
past grantees


contact

get in touch
faqs


login

account login
create an account


 
search

search

 









supporting the arts, human services, & environment in nyc
learn more 





3 applications a year: winter-human services spring-environmental fall-arts
when to apply 





helping to enhance the quality of life in nyc for over 20 years
our mission & history 






about us
founded in 1997, the mission of lily auchincloss foundation (laf) is to provide grants to enrich the quality of life in new york city.
lily auchincloss foundation envisions a more affordable and vibrant new york city. the foundation aims to enrich the lives of new yorkers through grants in support of the arts, the built and natural environments, and human services. the foundation provides foundation grants and discretionary awards.
as of september 1, 2020, our office is fully remote and can no longer accept mail. to contact us, please visit get in touch.
foundation grants
there are three categories of foundation grants — each category has its own cycle and application deadline that occurs once per year: the spring cycle for environmental, the fall cycle for the arts, and the winter cycle for human services. learn more here.
before a cycle opens, we encourage you to browse a sample application and review our eligibility criteria. you may also find some helpful information in our faqs.

how to apply
discretionary awards
discretionary awards are by nomination only by members of the board of directors. you will be notified if your organization has been nominated for a discretionary award.


announcements


looking to submit an application? all application materials are accepted via our grant portal according to the grant cycle calendar. note that if a deadline falls on a weekend or a holiday, it is extended to the following business day at 5pm.
the winter 2025 human services cycle closed on january 15, 2025.
the spring 2025 environmental cycle will open on march 15, 2025 and will close on tuesday, april 15, 2025.
the fall 2025 arts cycle will open on august 15, 2025 and will close on monday, september 15, 2025.
login 

important dates and information
the foundation’s eligibility criteria and a description of each cycle is available here.
a list of resources for past grantees is available here.
we are a small foundation and will respond to questions as soon as we can. in the meantime, here’s a list of frequently asked questions.
winter 2025 human services
december 15, 2024 – january 15, 2025 application open
january 15, 2025 5:00 pm est application deadline
february – march 2025 proposal review & applicants contacted
april 2025 grantees notified
spring 2025 environmental
march 15 – april 15, 2025 application open
april 15, 2025 5:00 pm est application deadline
may – june 2025 proposal review & applicants contacted
july 2025 grantees notified
fall 2025 arts
august 15, 2025 – september 15, 2025 application open
september 15, 2025 5:00 pm est application deadline
october – november 2025 proposal review & applicants contacted
december 2025 grantees notified


please note that lily auchincloss foundation has narrowed the scope of its arts grants.
given an overwhelming number of applications in recent years, the foundation will focus its arts funding on organizations providing the experiences and services described below. please review the information carefully to assess your eligibility.
lily auchincloss foundation recognizes the arts as an essential component of life in new york city. arts and culture enhance our lives in countless ways, subtle and profound. the foundation’s arts grants support organizations that help to make the city affordable and welcoming for audiences and for artists.
organizations may request general operating support or program support in the following areas:
1. access for audiences
lily auchincloss foundation funds organizations with a history (3+ years) of providing free exhibitions, performances, and events that welcome audiences to take part in arts-based experiences, including arts education programs.
2. access for artists
lily auchincloss foundation funds organizations providing artists with free and low-cost professional support, including studio space, specialized equipment and workshops (i.e. papermaking, glass-making facilities, printmaking studios), and career services.


lily auchincloss foundation’s office is now fully remote. we are no longer able to receive mail. we still love hearing from you! we are a small foundation. please reach us by phone or email.
get in touch 








get in touch
please contact us by phone or email. we are a small foundation. please include your name and telephone number. we will get back to you as soon as we can.
212.737.9533
info@lilynyc.org

follow us
follow us on social media and stay up to date about opportunities, announcements, & more.
instagram: laf.nyc

account login
log into your account to continue with an application, or create a new account.
login
create an account


© 2025 lily auchincloss foundation inc. all rights reserved. site by level group.

























