
      banking services for personal & business needs | bnc national bank
      







homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. announcementclose alert all bnc national bank locations will be closed on monday, february 17th in observance of presidents day.

please note: mobile and online banking remain available 24/7. thank you. bnc national bank search for...  start site search  toggle site searchcontact us log in close online bankingaccount type select optiononline banking - consumeronline banking - business401ktrust accountremote depositcredit cardloan payment - personalloan payment - businessusername log in forgot password?sign uponline banking id log in to 401k accountlog in to trust accountlog in to remote deposit accountlog in to credit card accountlog in to personal loan payment accountlog in to business loan payment account

personal


checking

savings

personal loans & locs

personal credit cards

wealth management

personal online & mobile banking



business


checking

savings

business credit cards

ag & business loans

wealth management

401k planning & administration

business online & mobile banking



about us


our history

meet our team

our customers

locations & hours

careers



resources


quick links

blog & news

guides & ebooks

calculators



 search mobile for...  start site search  toggle mobile site searchtoggle navigation  bnc national bank   welcome to bnc national bank
your trusted financial partner for both personal and business banking.      locations & hours scroll down for more. 
what we do
manage your money your way.
take control of your finances today with a team of experts to show you how to get started.
  
personal banking
access checking and savings accounts, manage credit and debit cards, and take out home and equity loans.  
business banking
conduct 401k planning, access checking and savings accounts, and apply for commercial and small business loans.  
online & mobile banking
take care of your personal or professional banking wherever you are—at home or on the go.    
what sets us apart
there's a better way to bank.
  
manage all of your finances in one place.
do all of your banking—personal and professional—under one roof.
  
customize your banking according to your goals.
leverage a full suite of online and mobile money management tools.
  
enjoy surcharge-free atms, thanks to moneypass®.
use your card at qualifying atms to avoid surcharge fees.
  
secure your financial future with wealth-building strategies.
take control of your wealth journey and financial success.
  
business banking
banking for your business just got easier
  
business checking accounts
choose from our three different business accounts.
learn more
  
business savings accounts
discover how our financial calculators help you plan ahead and increase savings.
learn more
  
ag & business loans
secure business loans, ag loans, real estate loans, sba loans, and more.
learn more
  
401(k) planning & administration
develop & administer retirement plans that fit your business & employee needs.
learn more
    
personal banking
personal banking that feels ... personal.
  
personal checking accounts
manage your spending in one place. our online and mobile banking options give you quick access to your accounts and allow you to move and withdraw funds in a matter of minutes.
learn more
  
personal loans
access a variety of loans including personal loans, vehicle loans, equity loans, and mortgages. we’re here to help make money management hassle-free for all of our customers.
learn more
  
wealth management
invest in your future. get financial management and wealth advisory from our team of professionals. we’ll guide you through the process so you can make informed decisions for your future.
learn more
  
about us
you're in good hands.
  
our team
meet bnc national bank and our team of dedicated professionals.
learn more
  
our customers
read customer success and community impact stories.
learn more
  
our locations & hours
search bank locations and view operating hours.
learn more
  
testimonials
our customers say it best:
  
bnc clearly has a focus on the community. when we first got started they really cared about how successful we were and why it was important to us, and you can tell that they want us to get better. bnc really cared about us succeeding.
    dan polk, president/owner silicon plains    
you get a one-on-one relationship like you can't get at a lot of large banks. as a small business owner you never know what's coming next so you need a flexible relationship with your bank. i would never bank anywhere else other than bnc.
    rhett benning, franchisee cold stone creamery    
with over 50 years providing quality potatoes to our customers, it takes a strong work ethic, good partnerships (like our relationship with bnc national bank) and in this case a true dedicated family commitment to continue growing day to day.
    joseph holt, president sage and sand potato processing co., inc.    
the entire staff at bnc made this process clear, concise, and expedited. partnering with bnc national bank to assist with our financing has helped our business grow to seven orangetheory fitness locations and five americare locations with other franchisee ownership opportunities still available.
    david and matt kafora, business partners orangetheory fitness                        
our approach
partners in your financial success.
  
we treat our customers as individuals.
every customer comes to us with unique needs. we'll prioritize your financial goals to achieve sustainable outcomes.  
we seek to serve and to educate.
through online education and personalized banking expertise, we ensure customers feel supported throughout their financial journey.  
we give back to our communities.
our local communities are the backbone of our operations and the inspiration for every great customer success story.  
getting started
begin your journey with us today.
  
schedule an appointment.
have questions? we're here to help. click the link to fill out a form and get in touch with one of our bankers. your journey toward a brighter financial future starts today.
learn more
  


schedule an appointment.
set up a time to speak to a banker at bnc national bank.


speak with one of our experienced bankers.
together, explore banking solutions to meet your everyday needs, including wealth management, loans, savings, and deposits.


make a plan for your financial future.
set up a plan to manage your funds and track your long term financial goals.


    blog
aligning your finances with your goals: tips from your community bank
read more    guide
the guide to retiring
read more    
blog
small business owner's guide: how to get an sba loan
read more
   
your financial future awaits.

   bnc national bank we help you manage your personal and business finances on your own terms.

get in touch


contact us

locations & hours

join our team

investor relations



about us


blog

our community

quick links





linkedin

facebook

instagram

youtube

get the newsletter©  bnc national bank.all rights reserved.

security is a partnership

privacy policy

terms of use

accessibility statement

 

  








cookie settings

