



tahitian pearls & golden south sea pearls | tahitian pearl necklace















tahitian pearls |  south sea pearls | golden pearls  




 
• about of our pearls
• 45-day guarantee
• pearl education
•1-888-869-8889 



international orders | customer testimonials| free shipping offer*






shop by pearl type 
			  	  tahitian pearls
golden south sea pearls
white south sea pearls
akoya  | freshwater

welcome to our tahitian pearls 
                    collection. we sell the finest, natural 
                    color tahitian pearl jewelry. visit our 
                    tahitian pearl necklace collection for 
                    tahitian pearl strands starting under $300! 

visit our sale section for outstanding values in tahitian pearl necklaces, 
                tahitian and south sea pearl 
                jewelry, and south sea pearls.  










shop by jewelry type pearl necklaces
pearl rings
pearl earrings
pearl pendants
pearl bracelets
pearl brooches
 jewelry for men | unisex
 

our golden south sea pearls are completely natural in color, 
  never dyed, or color-
  enhanced in any way. 
  our prices on 
  golden south 
  sea pearl 
  jewelry 
  cannot be beat! . 

our south sea pearls collection includes beautiful white south sea pearls in addition to golden pearls.  there are incredible values to be found in our south sea pearl 
                  necklace collection, as well as south
                  sea pearl earrings and south sea
                  pearl ring selections at low prices! 









our tahitian pearls collection... 
tahitian pearl necklace
tahitian pearl ring 
tahitian pearl earrings
tahitian pearl pendant
tahitian pearl bracelet
tahizea designer collection 


              we offer pearl cufflinks and pearl tie tacks with tahitian pearls, white south sea pearls, and golden south sea pearls. we also offer mens' south sea pearl and tahitian pearl necklace and bracelet collections
  
 . 
 
incredible value ! we're pleased  
                  to offer a spectacular price on  
                 this south sea and tahitian pearl                   necklace. grab a deal on this beautiful, multi-colored strand. we have many affordable tahitian earring styles that can be prepared with pearls to match!'







our golden south sea pearls collection...
gold pearl necklace
gold pearl ring 
gold pearl earrings
gold pearl pendant
south sea  pearl bracelets 
 south sea pearl brooches 

our white south sea pearls collection... 
south sea  pearl necklace
south sea  pearl ring 
south sea  pearl earrings
south sea  pearl pendant
 south sea pearl bracelet 
south sea pearl brooch



akoya pearls 

luxury collection 
 
  designer collection

freshwater pearls 








  

				 










we are a full service jeweler. if you cannot find exactly what you are looking for, please email us or call toll-free 
                1-888-869-8889
      and let us help.


      customer satisfaction is 
      our #1 goal! read what 
      our satisfied customers 
      have to say on our 
testimonials page and 
      check our return policy.


      we are pleased to be celebrating our 18th year in business. if you would like to learn more about us, you can visit independent forums like pricescope and search our website name!
  

                new arrivals update  
 we recently received an very special lot of high luster south sea pearls. these pearls are semi-round, with exquisite luster and beautiful overtones of pink and gold. we will be preparing finished jewelry with these pearls and adding these styles to our site. if you are interested in purchasing loose pearls from this lot, please contact us. we also received a lot of round tahitian pearls in 12mm to 15mm size. we are working hard to turn them into strands, and the prices are really remarkable! you can see some of them in our tahitian pearl necklace section already. we have also received many white south sea pearls in teardrop shapes, and will be working on making jewelry such as pendants and earrings using these pearls. we also got some great golden south sea pearl strands, and we added several to the site.  did you know that we make custom pieces, also at wholesale prices? contact us to make a custom piece to your specifications! as always, we will work hard to add these items to our website, but make sure to call to request photos to have first-crack at these deals, and to be added to our interest list. 

 
what's new  
the colours collection


custom jewelry 


gift ideas







  

 
 
quick pearl guide
tahitian pearls are black pearls that are grown in the waters of french polynesia. although they are commonly referred to as black pearls, tahitian pearls are found in a large variety of natural colors such as silvery white, light and dark grays, greens, blues, yellows, and purples. they range in size from about 7mm to over 18mm. our tahitian pearl jewelry is made to order with fine export-quality tahitian pearls, individually inspected by the government of french polynesia. our tahitian pearls are always natural in color, never dyed. south sea pearls are among the largest and most sought-after pearls in the world. white south sea pearls are grown in australia, while golden south sea pearls are grown in indonesia, the philippines, and burma (myanmar). they range in size from about 8mm to over 18mm. our white south sea pearl jewelry and our golden south sea pearl jewelry are made with genuine south sea pearls with only the thickest nacre. we do not sell color-enhanced golden south sea pearls. akoya pearls are the original japanese salt water pearl. they range in size from about 4mm to 9mm, and are the most popular pearl variety. freshwater pearls are grown in china, and come in beautiful, natural white, pink, lavender, and apricot colors. they range in size from about 4mm to 13mm. we use only top quality, natural color (not dyed) in freshwater pearls in our jewelry.




tahitian pearls | golden south sea pearls | white south sea pearls | privacy policy | links |
  please read our terms and conditions ! 


tahitianpearls.biz 1-888-869-8889 toll free in us customerservice@tahitianpearls.biz
  international dial 001-858-349-5088
  mailing address: 2658 del mar heights rd. #252 del mar, ca 92014 (not a showroom)
©2004-2010 reingold imports inc.













