

  







school of celtic studies – dias








































 
















 dias headquarters, 10 burlington road - d04c932
 contact@dias.ie
 00353 (0) 16140100




search

















dias






about us

governance
contact us
our people
vacancies


celtic studies
cosmic physics

astronomy & astrophysics
geophysics
dunsink observatory


theoretical physics
news
events

dias 2020 – marking 80 years of discovery
samhain agus science

samhain agus science 2024
samhain agus science 2023
samhain agus science 2022
samhain agus science 2021
samhain agus science 2020




research opportunities














school of celtic studies
 










lecture series 2025
a series of talks taking place in dias over the coming months. all welcome!
full programme



summer school 2025
14–25 july 2025
programme and applications



call for papers: (re)creating stories
a conference on (early) modern irish adaptations of old and middle irish prose and poetic narratives
23–24 may 2025
further information

the school of celtic studies is dedicated to the study of irish and the other celtic languages, both written and spoken, throughout their history, as well as related areas of cultural, social and legal history. employing both academic staff and post-doctoral scholars, we publish books and other online resources, issue our journal celtica, and host events such as our annual conference, tionól.
major projects of the school include:

irish script on screen (isos), making hundreds of manuscripts freely available online
ogham in 3d, producing three-dimensional models of ogham stones, on which ireland’s earliest form of writing is preserved
the bibliography of irish linguistics and literature, listing thousands of publications relevant to celtic studies

we also host important online resources in our field.

monasticon hibernicum, a database of early christian ecclesiastical settlements inireland, produced by ailbhe macshamhráin with nora white and aidan breen at maynooth university
the bardic poetry database, by dr katharine simms of the department of history, trinity college dublin.











search



school of celtic studiesabout us
people
events

tionól
statutory public lectures
summer school 2025
past conferences

symposium: new approaches to brittonic historical linguistics
dindṡenchas érenn
symposium: dánta grádha
genre in medieval celtic literature
xiv international congress of celtic studies
medieval multilingual manuscripts 2021
irish platonisms conference




publications

celtica


library
vacancies, fellowships and scholarships
the scs research podcast: ní hansae
 

recent postslecture series 202510th february 2025‘st. laurence o’toole and his afterlife: dublin’s medieval saint at home and abroad’27th january 2025book launches at tionól 202425th november 2024celtic studies summer school 202512th november 2024call for papers: (re)creating stories5th november 2024language switcher english en gaeilge ga 


















publicationsbookshop
dair
celtic studies
theoretical physics
geophysics
astronomy & astrophysics
policiesprivacy
customer charter
foi
accessibility
othersfind us
links
sign up to our newsletter mailing list










copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · dias
dias · rss feed · log in











we use cookies on the dias websites. accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 


























