     ted britt ford fairfax - new ford & used dealership in fairfax, va                             

                                             ted britt ford of fairfax        sales 571-200-3444    service 571-351-2222  parts 571-200-2777      11165 main streetfairfax, va 22030                            service        map        contact                       ted britt ford of fairfax             call 571-200-3444   directions                       new   search new inventory   new f-150 inventory   new escape inventory   new explorer inventory   new mustang inventory   new ford suvs   search ev inventory   sell us your car   custom factory order     ev   new f-150 lightning   new mustang mach-e     used   search used inventory   search used ford inventory   vehicles under 20k   sell us your car   carfax 1 owner     work trucks   commercial vehicles tax benefits   search new work trucks   search used work trucks     specials   specials   new vehicle specials   service & parts specials   military and first responders discount   college graduate discount     finance   finance   finance application   apply for credit   credit assistance programs   finance department   value your trade   what's my buying power?   get pre-qualified   business credit application     schedule service   schedule service   why do i need an oil change?   ford accessories   ted britt ford pro elite commercial service center   service & parts specials   service department   quick lane appointment   quick lane   schedule mobile service    service department   schedule truck service   tires program   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   shop ford parts     research   research   ford protect   new ford trucks   2024 ford escape   2024 ford explorer   2024 ford mustang   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford expedition   2024 mustang mach-e   2024 ford bronco   2024 ford bronco sport   2024 ford edge   2024 ford maverick   2024 ford ranger   2025 ford explorer     about   hours & directions   contact us   our dealership   meet our staff   hablamos español en ted britt fairfax   career opportunity   ted britt 4 life   leave us a review   our blog                     home   new   search new inventory   new f-150 inventory   new escape inventory   new explorer inventory   new mustang inventory   new ford suvs   search ev inventory   sell us your car   custom factory order     ev   new f-150 lightning   new mustang mach-e     used   search used inventory   search used ford inventory   vehicles under 20k   sell us your car   carfax 1 owner     work trucks   commercial vehicles tax benefits   search new work trucks   search used work trucks     specials   specials   new vehicle specials   service & parts specials   military and first responders discount   college graduate discount     finance   finance   finance application   apply for credit   credit assistance programs   finance department   value your trade   what's my buying power?   get pre-qualified   business credit application     schedule service   schedule service   why do i need an oil change?   ford accessories   ted britt ford pro elite commercial service center   service & parts specials   service department   quick lane appointment   quick lane   schedule mobile service    service department   schedule truck service   tires program   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   shop ford parts     research   research   ford protect   new ford trucks   2024 ford escape   2024 ford explorer   2024 ford mustang   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford expedition   2024 mustang mach-e   2024 ford bronco   2024 ford bronco sport   2024 ford edge   2024 ford maverick   2024 ford ranger   2025 ford explorer     about   hours & directions   contact us   our dealership   meet our staff   hablamos español en ted britt fairfax   career opportunity   ted britt 4 life   leave us a review   our blog               

















   inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       











                                                                              disclaimer                                              disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                             search new inventory     search used inventory          choose your vehicle      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      transit   

     








finance
fill out our online credit application.



get pre-approved












service
schedule your next appointment today.



schedule service












specials
check out our latest special offers.



view specials






     






2024 ford f-150
the truck of authority
the f-150® is purpose-built from the ground up - designed to be tough and productive. this is what happens when you merge premium-grade muscle with finely tuned intelligence and design. a beast with brains. a relentlessly tough, high-strength, military-grade, aluminum-alloy body and torture-tested high-strength steel frame with new tech to help you work smart and hard.
view inventory






schedule a test drive
get behind the wheel and book your next test drive.



book test drive



      

ted britt 4 life
lifetime vehicle coverage
ted britt 4 life lifetime vehicle coverage is now available on all new & pre-owned vehicles with less than 100,000 miles! this coverage includes battery replacement, powertrain coverage and so much more. 
learn more


            



    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 9:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 9:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 9:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 9:00pm    friday 9:00am - 9:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 5:00pm         service hours         monday 6:30am - 8:00pm    tuesday 6:30am - 8:00pm    wednesday 6:30am - 8:00pm    thursday 6:30am - 8:00pm    friday 6:30am - 8:00pm     saturday 8:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 8:00am - 5:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 5:00pm    friday 8:00am - 5:00pm     saturday 8:00am - 1:00pm    sunday closed        

     your new & used ford dealership in fairfax, va - ted britt ford fairfax
ted britt ford fairfax is your leading new ford and used car, truck, and suv dealership in fairfax. if you are in the market for a new ride, come and let our friendly sales staff help you start the shopping process today. we proudly serve fairfax and the surrounding areas, including alexandria, arlington, manassas, ashburn and many others. we pride ourselves on offering the best selection of ford trucks, suvs, and cars, including the ford f-150, ford f-250, ford escape, the new ford mustang, and more! our finance department will help you find a comfortable financing plan that works for you and your lifestyle. the award-winning service department at our dealership will ensure that your vehicle stays in its best shape to ensure you and your family’s safety. start shopping with us today and our convenient location, 11165 fairfax boulevard, fairfax, va 22030.


new ford cars, trucks, and suvs in fairfax
at our ford dealership, we appreciate the finer things in life. that is why we strive to offer our valued customers the best selection of new ford trucks, suvs, and cars at affordable prices! whether you are looking to ride in style, accommodate your growing family, or are looking to tow, we are guaranteed to have a huge selection of options, like the new ford explorer or ford edge! our sales staff is waiting to make the buying process hassle-free and enjoyable for you and your family. when you visit our ford dealer, you will see amazing new car specials that will fit your budget and lifestyle perfectly! we also offer easy online scheduling for remote test drives! conveniently browse our new ford inventory online to see some of the options our dealership has to offer you.
used & certified pre-owned ford cars, trucks, & suvs 
there is a lot of responsibility that comes with providing quality, pre-owned cars, trucks, & suvs to fairfax and the surrounding areas. we surpass expectations thanks to our award-winning service department running thorough diagnostics to ensure that only the top quality cars, trucks, and suvs get sold to you on our lot. these more affordable used car options do not lack style, durability, or longevity. our finance department is proud to help every customer find a used ford truck, car, or suv to fit their lifestyle and budget. don't forget to check our fantastic used car specials as well as used cars under 15k to get even further savings! come visit our ford dealership in fairfax or browse our used and certified pre-owned inventory online to get an idea of what we have to offer you.


ford loan & lease options at ted britt ford fairfax
at ted britt ford fairfax, we recognize that financing is typically the most stressful part of the car buying process for our customers. here, we strive to make the financing and leasing process as hassle-free as possible while finding you the perfect option for your budget. we provide easy-to-use tools like our 10-second trade-in value that helps you save time researching the right car for you. whether you're looking to finance or lease your new ford car, truck, or suv, our team can help. our finance team will work diligently with you, even those with credit challenges, to drive off our lot in a car you love at the best rate possible. don't let the fear of financing stand in your way of getting a new or used ford truck or car that you love. complete our online financing application now, or swing by our finance department to see what financing option is best for you!
ford service, repairs, & maintenance in fairfax
maintenance and repairs on your vehicle can be a worry and a hassle. our ford service department ensures that you never have to worry if your vehicle will return to you in its best condition possible! we pride ourselves on having highly-qualified technicians and the most up-to-date diagnostics equipment to service your ford in the most efficient and thorough way possible. our auto mechanics use genuine ford parts that will perfectly fit your ford and keep it running at peak efficiency. take advantage of our service specials to help make your routine maintenance and repair needs much more affordable. then easily schedule your next service appointment online now to save your precious time & make the experience even more hassle-free!

         although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.



shop

 new ford vehicles for sale
 used cars for sale
 used ford for sale
 new ford work trucks for sale



popular new models

 new ford escape
 new ford explorer
 new ford mustang
 new ford f-150



service, parts, and financing

 ford service
 ford parts
 schedule service
 service & parts specials





while we make every effort to ensure the data listed here is correct, there may be instances where some of the factory rebates, incentives, options or vehicle features may be listed incorrectly as we get data from multiple data sources. please make sure to confirm the details of this vehicle (such as what factory rebates you may or may not qualify for) with the dealer to ensure its accuracy. dealer cannot be held liable for data that is listed incorrectly. although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. tb4l price includes all standard factory rebates available to all customers, destination, and retail trade assistance when applicable. additional rebates and incentives, such as military or college graduate programs, may apply to those who qualify. select apr financing, such as 0%, may not be compatible with all applicable rebates. for select inventory incentives, the vehicle must have arrived at the dealership at least 61 days prior to the sale date. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, license, processing of $999 and processing fee for electric vehicles is $1799. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy  | your privacy choices  | additional disclosures ted britt ford of fairfax | 11165 main street, fairfax, va 22030 | sales: 571-200-3444 |                




















  cookie consent: by continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies. accept learn more                     