







home | business executives for national security

















































































skip to content
















































contact us









member login










search



				search			







close



 









about us our mission our people annual report employment & fellowship opportunities contact usour work how we engage modernizing infrastructure geopolitical and economic insights scaling technology enhancing human capitaleventsinsightsget involved become a member become a partner planned giving




menu 




×
about us our mission our people annual report employment & fellowship opportunities contact usour work how we engage modernizing infrastructure geopolitical and economic insights scaling technology enhancing human capitaleventsinsightsget involved become a member become a partner planned giving










 







 







securing america's future through partnership




































comprised of accomplished business leaders and entrepreneurs from across industries, business executives for national security (bens) elevates the national security dialogue and applies diverse insight, innovation, and private sector best practices to strengthen our nation's defense and security, ensuring a safer and more resilient united states for generations to come.

















bens for over 40 years has served as the critical bridge between the national security community and the private sector, fostering collaboration to tackle america’s most pressing security challenges through nonpartisanship, expertise, and integrity.
 
 







learn more












 






play video




















bens for over 40 years has served as the critical bridge between the national security community and the private sector, fostering collaboration to tackle america’s most pressing security challenges through nonpartisanship, expertise, and integrity.







 






play video




















bens for over 40 years has served as the critical bridge between the national security community and the private sector, fostering collaboration to tackle america’s most pressing security challenges through nonpartisanship, expertise, and integrity.












 






play video



























































our focus & insights




























modernizing national security infrastructure



bens supports modernizing national security infrastructure through initiatives, partnerships, and scoping sessions. by leveraging member expertise, bens helps improve military property and defense systems management.






















providing geopolitical and economic security insights



in today's interconnected world, national security threats arise from complex geopolitical and economic challenges. bens leverages member expertise to provide insights that help principals and security professionals develop more informed, strategic responses.






















streamlining adoption and scaling of technology



the rapidly evolving tech landscape demands national security to keep pace. bens bridges the gap by advising on smoother innovation, scaling, and adoption, ensuring cutting-edge advancements are integrated into defense strategies.






















enhancing human capital



a skilled, agile workforce is essential for national security, and since 2014, bens members have supported government partners in addressing challenges like recruitment, retention, and diversity.








































































strengthening u.s.-vietnam ties in a
china+1 strategy
with its strong economic growth, strategic location, and deepening partnership with the u.s., vietnam is well-positioned to address shared challenges and advance mutual interests. a new report, authored by a bens delegation that recently returned from the nation, examines these opportunities through the lens of the china plus one strategy...







read more









































biotechnology's security frontier: navigating innovation and safeguards
biotechnology's rapid evolution is critical for national security, with significant advancements necessitating public-private collaboration to mitigate risks. the dual-use nature, supply chain issues, and innovation security heighten the need for protection. bens explored these challenges by interviewing industry leaders patrice bonfiglio, dr. ansbert gadicke, and john prufeta for deeper insights....







read more


























news & event recaps


























news





											how to win the global south’s energy race									


			january 30, 2025	
















member news
 / 
press releases





											bens welcomes anthony weiss to board of directors									


			november 22, 2024	
















blog
 / 
member news





											on-the-ground in colorado – bens members explore military space operations, cybersecurity, and strengthening defense-industry collaboration									


			october 18, 2024	
















news





											vietnam will expand us security ties incrementally									


			october 13, 2024	
















news





											vietnam ties deepen france’s indo-pacific engagement									


			october 13, 2024	
















news





											pact on icebreakers will strengthen us arctic presence									


			october 6, 2024	
















member news





											bens member, jared isaacman									


			september 16, 2024	
















event recaps





											event recap: august 26, 2024									


			august 26, 2024	
















event recaps





											event recap: august 19, 2024									


			august 19, 2024	
















event recaps





											event recap – july 29, 2024									


			july 29, 2024	




























upcoming events












view all





























20
feb



														luncheon on nuclear deterrence and usaf bomber force operations											


ny



    join a luncheon discussion on current operations for the u.s. air force bomber force and the importance of nuclear deterrence...

















25
feb



														luncheon on u.s. middle east policy in 2025 (dallas)											


dallas, tx



    please join a luncheon discussion on u.s. middle east policy under the second trump administration with gregg roman, director and...

















26
feb



														luncheon on the aukus agreement (atlanta)											


atlanta, ga  | 																																	southeast



    join a luncheon discussion on the aukus agreement, a trilateral security pact between australia, the united kingdom, and the united...






















past events












view all


















04
feb



														luncheon on the chip war: the fight for the world’s most critical technology 											


boston, ma










04
feb



														luncheon on the houthis of yemen and the threat they pose (san antonio)											


san antonio, tx










31
jan



														harnessing technology and innovation to transform industrial networks											


atlanta, ga








































learn about membership




learn about partnering




donate today


 









 















connect with us














202-296-2125 














1030 15th street nwsuite 200 eastwashington, d.c. 20005 














regional offices 














bens@bens.org 











visit our linkedin page





visit our twitter page





visit our instagram page





visit our facebook page





 








about us







leadership
how bens works
reports and publications
financials and by-laws






























resources






become a member
become a partner
privacy policy





























































© 2025 business executives for national security. all rights reserved.









 

scroll to top























