




prayer vigil for the earth

















home
about us

who we are
founders
organizers
sponsors
related organizations


background

spiritual context
history
elders
previous prayer vigils

2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007


honoring native americans
ceremony
children & youth
prophecies
creation myths
testimonials


gallery

photo gallery
prayer vigil song
video clips


donate
volunteer

opportunities
guidelines


contact us



















 
images from past prayer vigils    


what was the prayer vigil



		      for the earth?
...where



people of diverse faiths, cultures, backgrounds and ages came together



to practice peace with self, peace with others, and peace with the



earth with one mind, one voice, one heart and one prayer.
the



host tradition was native american, joined by spiritual leaders and



representatives from major faiths, spiritual beliefs and anyone who



wanted to be part of this magical, exhilarating and peaceful experience.
each



year, a sacred fire burned continuously in the center of a circle of



tipis, african and christian alters, a jewish sukkah, a tibetan stupa



and other religious traditions' symbols. there was a labyrinth, a prayer



grove, a children's activity area and other offerings.
prayers and ceremonies were continuous for 33 hours beginning saturday at sunrise and concluded midday sunday. 



experience



nature's rhythms expressed in music, ritual and prayer by cultures east



and west, far and wide. hear african drumming along with the japanese



taiko drummers.
listen to the prayer vigil song 















                based   on elders' messages to us

join us in prayer, meditation, chanting, dancing freely!
100% volunteer event 















                and open to all! 

  





the prayer vigil for the earth 















       1993 - 2012















        washington, dc 
experience community                explore green living



      empower the next generation


 as a seed of living prayer, the prayer vigil for the earth wove a seamless tapestry of many traditions through collective experiences of faith.  held every fall near the washington monument or lincoln memorial in washington, dc from 1993 to 2012, the prayer vigil remains an icon of spirituality in the united states' capital. people of diverse faiths, culture, ethnic background and ages came together to practice peace with self, peace with others, and peace with the earth. the host tradition was native american and, at their suggestion, was joined by spiritual leaders and representatives from all major faiths. a sacred fire burned continuously in the center of a circle of christian and african altars, tipis, a jewish sukkah, a buddhist stupa, a prayer grove, a labyrinth, a children's activity area, and other structures.  the tipis and various sacred structures stood as symbols of spiritual community amidst the nation's prominent monuments. the prayer vigil for the earth continues to spiritually exemplify and inspire the joy, wonder and benefits of mutual respect, cooperation, and discovery.  may the seed it planted flourish in our nation and around the world.
for beautiful photos and text, please visit the gallery tab to access photos from many years, several videos, and the prayer vigil song mentioned in the side bar. or, click zenfolio to go directly to the photos. bill sanda, our photographer, has added explanatory captions to each photo in many sections. some may be interested in the spiritual context for the event. see background tab for native american prophecies, creation stories, and participant testimonials.
      

the prayer vigil remained a 100% volunteer event for 20 years with all services, logistics, and support donated by the participants and its supporters.
the prayer vigil for the earth

         








    


 home | contact us | site map | the paryer vigil for the earth 
amazon photo and text book; working on e-book version
©2007-10 the circle

 


