





laura – lewis




































 



skip to content









homeaboutpodcast 




blogwork with mecontact




















homeripesol@gmail.com2023-09-28t14:20:40+00:00 
it’s the lalaguru here, aka laura lewis, head honcho of lalapow, and exactly who you’ve been searching for! tune in to the lalaguru show, check out the blog, and get ready to start living your best life now!it’s the lalaguru here, aka laura lewis, head honcho of lalapow, and exactly who you’ve been searching for! tune in to the lalaguru show, check out the blog, and get ready to start living your best life now!hey there! i’m laura lewis.my mission in life is to empower, inspire, educate and motivate women around the world to embrace their true, beautiful, extraordinary destiny. not the sad, going-nowhere-what-happened-to-my-dream-destiny. i’m talking about the one that you feel in your gut, in your bones, in your heart…in your soul.
in the media
laura lewis has appeared as the primary host of numerous shows and has represented a range of products as a spokesperson. past media venues featuring laura include: living well with montel williams, the tv food network; the discovery channel; the healthy living channel; and hundreds of radio and television shows across the nation.
the speakerlaura became a popular guest expert and successful motivational speaker through overcoming great personal struggles and sharing her uplifting, and often-humorous stories of rebuilding her personal and professional life.hey there! i’m laura lewis.my mission in life is to empower, inspire, educate and motivate women around the world to embrace their true, beautiful, extraordinary destiny. not the sad, going-nowhere-what-happened-to-my-dream-destiny. i’m talking about the one that you feel in your gut, in your bones, in your heart…in your soul.
in the media
laura lewis has appeared as the primary host of numerous shows and has represented a range of products as a spokesperson. past media venues featuring laura include: living well with montel williams, the tv food network; the discovery channel; the healthy living channel; and hundreds of radio and television shows across the nation.
the speakerlaura became a popular guest expert and successful motivational speaker through overcoming great personal struggles and sharing her uplifting, and often-humorous stories of rebuilding her personal and professional life.the writerlaura is the author of two books; 52 ways to live a long and healthy life and 52 ways to a healthy you as well as one audio book, 52 ways to a healthy you.the story behind laura’s passionlaura’s journey was dotted with unspeakable challenges. it was then that she decided to turn her personal life lessons into victories for herself and others.the former aerobics queen
a strong background in fitness, laura has been an active member of the american council on exercise and was one of the first idea foundation gold (now ace) certified fitness instructors in the united states.
the texas girllaura was born in philadelphia and raised in upstate new york until the age of 13, when her father’s work transfer brought them to reside deep in the heart of dallas, texas. now, laura owns eight pairs of cowboy boots and can often be found listening to country music, while driving through austin, texas, where she now resides.the lalaguru show, with laura lewisthe lalaguru show is a podcast series with seasoned talk-show host laura lewis, featuring candid interviews with women who share real stories, of moving beyond life’s challenges and are making magic happen in the world.
instagram





follow us on instagram





------    follow me




 
 
© 2020-2024 laura lewis. all rights reserved, laura lewis enterprises, inc.
(terms & conditions)


 
 
page load link



this website uses cookies and third party services.					

ok		



















































































































go to top



