





















































archaeology center










skip to main content


stanford university



archaeology center




stanford


archaeology center
 school of humanities & sciences






search









      menu
      

aboutland acknowledgementnewscontact usmake a giftpeopledirector and stafffaculty and lecturerspostdoctoral & visiting scholarsresearch affiliatescurrent studentsalumniadvisory councilacademicswhy archaeology?undergraduate programgraduate programfield experienceresearchresearch areaspublicationslabsfaculty projectsfundingfaculty research supportfor studentsstanford research communityeventsupcoming eventsconferencespast eventscollections & exhibitionsarchaeology collectionscurrent exhibitionresourcesresources 














 
 

archaeologyarchaeology provides students with a broad and rigorous introduction to the analysis of the material culture of past societies.




field experiencesintegrates artifactual evidence




previousnext













main content start










we would like to recognize that stanford sits on the ancestral land of the muwekma ohlone tribe. this land is of great importance to the ohlone people, and has been since time immemorial. consistent with our values of community and diversity, we have a responsibility to acknowledge, honor and make visible the university’s relationship to native peoples.  
read more on the history of the muwekma ohlone tribe.




read more on the history of the muwekma ohlone tribe.












our mission




 
the stanford archaeology center is an interdisciplinary hub focused on innovative research and education in archaeology and heritage. we seek to understand the past and also the complex ways in which the archaeological past contributes to contemporary and future worlds. we work to redress the colonial foundations of archaeology through an enduring commitment to ethics and to advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion. through dedicated lab facilities, workshops and lectures with distinguished scholars, opportunities for hands-on fieldwork and access to the stanford university archaeology collection, the center supports excellence in archaeological research and fosters dynamic links between scholars in disparate fields.  





explore our program












 












undergrad program


stanford's archaeology program provides students with an interdisciplinary approach to the material remains of past societies.










 












graduate program


graduate students participate in the archaeology program through their affiliate departments, from which they receive their ph.d. degree.










 












field experiences


our field experiences are an opportunity to participate in an active archaeological lab and dig research on campus and around the world! 










 












events


the center hosts a variety of events including lunch club, workshops, and distinguished lecturer series.










 












news


current news on our students, faculty, and the center.










 












collections


the stanford university archaeology collections (suac) is a museum-style collection of archaeology, anthropological, and archival materials.










events



 










 





february
18




black archaeology: an intergenerational conversation



datetuesday, february 18, 2025






speaker: theresa a. singleton, jodi skipper













 





february
19




the struggle to preserve heritage resources of slavery: a case study of the gullah-geechee in georgia, usa



datewednesday, february 19, 2025



locationbuilding 500, archaeology center
488 escondido mall, stanford, ca 94305
106


speaker: theresa a. singleton













 





february
20




searching for afro-descendant sites of the early modern world (1500-1800) in española



datethursday, february 20, 2025



locationbuilding 500, archaeology center
488 escondido mall, stanford, ca 94305
106


speaker: theresa a. singleton








see more events









news and announcements



 










 








krish seetah awarded the mcmurtry arts initiatives fund  by the office of the vice president for the arts 


 four stanford academic community members have been awarded 2023-24 grants from the …











 








krish seetah named new e-iper faculty director


 seetah, an environmental archeologist, will be leading the emmett interdisciplinary program in en…











 








danielle raad digs in as the new curator of the stanford university archaeology collections


 the new curator and assistant director of the stanford university archaeology collections says th…











 








crawford lake shows humans started a new chapter in geologic time, scientists say


 a humble lake in a canadian suburb may soon become the symbolic starting point for a radical new…






see more news









archaeology faculty bookshelf






 










 






book

regional economies in action. standardization of transport amphorae in the roman and byzantine mediterranean


justin leidwanger, 2023









 






book

connecting continents: archaeology and history in the indian ocean world


krish seetah, 2018









 






book

foragers, farmers, and fossil fuels


ian morris, 2015









 






book

maritime studies in the wake of the byzantine shipwreck at yassıada, turkey


2015









 






book

archaeology of china: from the paleolithic to the early bronze age


li liu, 2012









 






book

the archaeology of colonialism: intimate encounters and sexual effects


2012









 






book

bones for tools – tools for bones.


2012









 






book

italy’s lost greece: magna graecia and the making of modern archaeology


giovanna ceserani, 2012




see more publications












back to top



















contact us
488 escondido mall 
building 500
stanford, ca 94305
phone: 650-723-5731
archaeology [at] stanford.edu (archaeology[at]stanford[dot]edu)


connect with us
connect with us on facebook connect with us on instagram connect with us on x connect with us on linkedinjoin our email listdon’t miss out. get updates delivered directly to your inbox.  subscribe  


support archaeology
make a gift




 












sunetid login


sunet login







  stanforduniversity





stanford home
maps & directions
search stanford
emergency info


terms of use
privacy
copyright
trademarks
non-discrimination
accessibility



© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






