




home








the 
american self protection association, inc.

home of america's first 
mixed martial art training 
method for the entire family


home



  
 
 


 



there is nothing more
difficult to plan, more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than
the creation of a new system. for the initiator has the enmity of all who would
profit by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders
in those who would gain by the new ones."

"the prince" by niccolo
machiavelli, 1518





american self protection (a.s.p.) is america's first original 
mixed martial art training method (i.e., 1965, patent registration on march 
4,1969) developed by internationally recognized scientist and educator
evan s. baltazzi, d.sc., d.phil. unlike many 
traditional oriental or asian martial arts, a.s.p. continues to conduct research 
and evolve with the help of leading educators and scientists. 
a.s.p. was first conceived in 1954 and made public in 1965 at 
the west suburban ymca of metropolitan chicago, lagrange, illinois. by now it is 
known in the five continents. much has been accomplished during that time in 
terms of selecting and organizing material, refining teaching methods, and 
steering clear from detrimental compromises for the sake of expediency. this 
statement situates all martial artists in relation to a.s.p. once understood, it 
proves to be an ally rather than a competitor or a foe. u.s. patent office 
registration numbers: 865,959 (march 4, 1969) and 926,581 (january 4, 1972).


click any book 
for more information!
 











 
what is american self protection?
  
american self protection ("a.s.p.") is a holistic
      self protection program including: unarmed/armed self
      defense, mind-body (psychosomatic) exercises, nutrition, urban/wilderness survival techniques, first aid, water safety, orienteering, and
      overall physical/mental fitness.  american self protection (a.s.p.) was devised and developed
by evan s. baltazzi, d.sc., and d.phil. and is the result
of many years of rigorous research. dr. baltazzi is known
throughout the scientific community as a leading researcher and
has chaired major national and international scientific committees and symposia.  
		in order to be practical, a.s.p. contains little which is vague or 
		esoteric.  each one of its component parts are self contained and 
		may be studied independently of the others.  all the same, maximum 
		benefits are derived when one follows step by step its progression.     
  
a.s.p. is a holistic self protection program which is unique in terms of its training methodology as attested to by
several leading physical educators from here and abroad. american
self protection is a novel revolutionary concept for developing motion
skills and training in the mixed martial arts and sports. it is not another 
		"martial arts style", which are typically rearrangements of known martial 
		techniques to suite ones individual preferences, but a scientifically 
		developed method of mixed martial arts training and learning suitable to 
		all persons. 
  
a.s.p. is based on the systematic use of
the five universal principles governing all forms of
combat, without exception, whether one uses his bare hands or a missile,
and a limited number of select elements of motion of great versatility.
through their use in a great number of techniques practitioners develop
conditioned reflexes resulting in much faster learning, greater degree
of retention, and safer practice. 
 great emphasis is placed on mind-body
coordination.  a.s.p. methodology has been applied to a
wide variety of combative arts, sports, and
self-protective knowledge.  a.s.p. also includes self-defensive
aerobics, self-defense for people with disabilities and other areas of
self-protection.  individual a.s.p. techniques taken out of
context, while quite effective, do not demonstrate the a.s.p.
approach and derived benefits. only the progression within
the system does.
"the main theory behind the a.s.p. learning methodology is not to
teach numerous techniques, but to teach elements of motion
and few techniques with broad applicability to different situations."  
a.s.p. is a systematic method for developing
motor  skills particularly suited to the 
martial arts and sports.
at  the same time it develops mind-body coordination.   a.s.p. is
not 

a concoction of various martial arts techniques, but a system and method to 
acquire safely any combative knowledge faster and retain what has been learned 
much longer than with any other method.   asp techniques taken out of 
context, while quite effective, are not asp and do not demonstrate the asp 
system and method.
origin of of the term "martial arts"
the origins of all combative arts are survival and war. man is
deeply ingrained fighting spirit is such that, when strife subsides, he finds
pleasure in duplicating fighting under more or less safe conditions. he cannot,
however, easily dismiss the horror and the killing which are its integral parts.
rationalizing, he tries to guide his fighting instincts toward apparently
worthwhile goals. readiness against aggression is a time-honored subterfuge.
thus, the channeling of the fighting spirit and excess energy of youth are the
origin of all combative sports. through their practice, young people are benefited
in the area of general physical fitness and appropriate mental
attitudes, learning to accept challenge and face victory and defeat. physical
mental and even spiritual benefits derived from the practice of combative sports
have been recognized through the ages, and young people of both sexes have been
and are being encouraged to practice them. it is in this context that the
various warlike arts in which one either uses his own body as a weapon, or
weapons as such, became idealized into the various combative sports as we know
them today.
their practice has become safe to a large extent by the
adoption of rules of more stringent nature. with the progress of civilization
and man is increased concern for his fellow man, restrictions aiming toward
greater safety were gradually introduced resulting in more or less stylized
forms of fighting, with or without weapons. typical examples of such evolution
can be found in the comparison of modern fencing to ancient and medieval forms
of sword fighting and or primitive all-out weaponless fighting to grecco-roman
wrestling.
the main differences among various combative sports reside
mainly in their systematic approach to the corresponding knowledge and in the
rules adopted in order to make their practice safe. for instance, men have
noticed from time immemorial that poking someone in the eyes or twisting his
joints brought about spectacular results. depending on a number of reasons, such
dangerous practices were either eliminated or stylized for safety, according to
the often arbitrary requirements of each particular fighting system. it would be
naive to consider that any one person or people has invented such elements. for
example, many judo, jujitsu or aikido holds are known in their fundamentals to
free style wrestlers; however, much of this knowledge cannot be used in the
practice of their sport because it happens to be prohibited by its rules. many
other such parallels exist. in actuality, it is hard to draw a sharp distinction
between a safely practiced fighting art and a so—called combative sport. much
confusion exists in the use of these terms. such nomenclature should be
understood as a distinction in the extent of potential danger.
in recent years, particularly after world war ii, many
oriental combative arts were introduced to the western world, mainly because of
the impression they made on members of the allied forces stationed in japan.
these arts known hitherto under the inappropriately exclusive name of
"martial" were transplanted to europe, australia and the americas
where they quickly met with great popularity. in view of this historic
development, systems of fighting knowledge imported from japan were generally
considered by the non-initiated as an exclusively japanese invention. later,
when it was realized that the japanese did not have the monopoly on such
knowledge, chinese and generally oriental martial arts were incorporated under
the "martial" denomination. today, the word "martial"
(pertaining to the grecco-roman god of war aries, or mars) is almost exclusively
used in connection with oriental martial arts and sports. few will accept this
term as applicable to e.g., fencing, savate, free style, grecco-roman, swiss and
turkish forms of wrestling, cornubreton or any other non—oriental combative
system. this state of affairs is unfortunate because it creates the wrong
impression.
since the bulk of the population in australia and the americas
is descended from european immigrants, we shall briefly consider the evolution
of fighting arts in europe. even the most superficial student of european
history will be amazed by the incredible number of fighting arts and weapons
used by europeans since earliest recorded times.
ample evidence of this may be seen by any casual visitor to
european historical museums. the student of european history will also notice
that the intermingling of essentially all the european peoples through wars and
invasions, and their astounding technological advances, tended to destroy
traditions related to various forms of fighting as soon as these became of
questionable usefulness. furthermore, the interpretation of ideas and fighting
methods, and the slow disintegration of the rigid feudal structure prevalent in
the middle ages, led europeans toward new fighting arts and sports better
adapted to their needs. where tradition was somehow maintained, as for instance
in the case of fencing, unexcelled mastery was the result.
on the contrary, isolation and social thought patterns of an
essentially feudalistic society helped many oriental nations such as china and
particularly japan to maintain their traditional combative systems and to
develop from them sports suited to local needs. however, there is no doubt that
the elements in judo, aikido, etc., were known since ancient times. they have
only been put together in a way to yield systems best suited to local needs at
the time of their inception. their novelty then resided precisely and uniquely
in the system and not in its elements. the foregoing should not be misconstrued
as an attempt to detract anything from the many merits of the oriental martial 
arts - far from it.  let us repeat, oriental martial arts introduced to the
west have many merits which, however, are neither unique nor novel.
merits of a.s.p.
a.s.p. is not in competition with any other martial art or
sport, since, in a way, it encompasses them. it's method can be used by all and,
once understood, it becomes an ally rather than a competitor. a martial artist
who wishes to take up a.s.p., has to condition himself to see beyond its
individual techniques taken out of context, and to follow their progression.
only then will he understand the merits of a.s.p.  those with previous
martial arts experience discover quickly that much of their skills have a place
within the a.s.p. program. 
those not familiar with a.s.p. might be expecting to see a
very large number of techniques included in our system. this is not the case,
since we are not aiming at bulk but only at quality and yield; for this reason
we have confined ourselves to practically useful material.
techniques included lend themselves to a staggering number of
combinations.  the eager and thoughtful students will soon discover the merits of
a.s.p., while these will escape the superficial reader scanning this site only
for the purpose to find similarities with what he already knows or thinks he
does, so as to dismiss the whole a.s.p. system as being beneath his level of
expertise.
furthermore, anyone can pick-out an individual technique from the a.s.p.
program and say that it is, for example: aikido, jujitsu, kung fu, tai chi, or hapkido. 
the truth of the matter is that many of the same techniques can be found across 
the board in many of these oriental martial arts and beyond.  what
separates many of these oriental "styles" are: philosophical
differences in how to execute the techniques, focus on one technique set over
another (e.g., kicking vs grappling), cultural differences, religious beliefs, and
socio-political foundations.  some of the individual techniques are, in many cases,
the same.  an example of this is kote gaeshi which can be found across the
board in, for example: hapkido, aikido, jujitsu, karate, ninjitsu, tai chi, and kung
fu.  
all one needs to do to create a new "style" of
martial art is to rearrange known techniques to ones personal preferences,
perhaps focusing more on one area over another.  such new styles offer
nothing really new and are not holistic.  often, "styles" compete
with one another by bragging they have more techniques than the other. 
nothing could be more inefficient than to have five thousand self defense
techniques to master.  a select number of well practiced techniques that apply to numerous situations
is always superior to an individual technique designed for a one in a million
instance. 
having mastered several fighting arts dr. baltazzi knew well the
effectiveness of individual techniques. however, as a well established
researcher and educator, dr. baltazzi easily recognized the need for improved 
methods of learning by which a student would:  
1. develop mind-body coordination in a truly accessible, 
practical way.   
2. gain a much higher yield for his or her efforts. 
 
3. retain better what is learned.   
4. be able to progress at his or her own rate and be 
recognized for it.   
5. acquire the ability to develop his or her own techniques 
within a framework.   
6. find enough variety to suit his or her needs and 
inclination.   
7. be able to apply this knowledge effectively within the law. 
 
8. practice safely without risk of injury.   
the a.s.p. method was created after much thought and research, 
outside of individual technique concerns.  

 



[ home ] [ newsletter archives ] [ a.s.p.a. & instructors ] [ school listing ] [ technical program ] [ books & articles ] [ history ] [ forms library ] [ terms & conditions ]send 
mail to garycook1@windstream.net 
with questions or comments about this web site.copyright © 2001-2018
american self protection association, inc

