






adobe repair tucson | adobe masters – how to repair and maintain adobe homes.































 


toggle navigation



home
silox water repellents

silox original adobe water repellent
silox xtra
silox anti-dust formulation:  for adobe and rammed earth
silox flagstone water repellent
application of silox adobe/ rammed earth water repellents
special silox application recommendations


videos/tutorials

videos
articles on adobe repair


consulting
before & after
adobe repair manual

chapter one
chapter two
chapter three
chapter four
chapter five
chapter eight


rammed earth

ramseal


faq
advice

audio content


do-it-yourselfers

burnt adobe video repair course
crystal’s story
90 year old stan seals his own adobe home
bed and breakfast owner tells his story


the wrong way to build an adobe home
blog #1: asphalt stabilized mud adobe

blog #2
blog #3
blog #4:  adobe specialists
blog #5 sprinkler damage
what happened to the “adobe doctor”?
blog #7:  cement stabilized mud adobe





adobe brick repair tucson: repairing and protecting tucson’s adobe and rammed earth homes since 1985: (520-331-4004)


adobe masters specializes in burnt adobe brick repair in tucson.  we are adobe specialists and have been servicing the needs of asphalt, cement stabilized mud adobe and rammed earth homes as well for almost forty years—four decades:  (520) 331-4004. if you have damaged or deteriorating adobe bricks, cracks needing attention, your house sealed or resealed, whitewashes touched up or reapplied, or any repair or restoration work needed on your adobe home, the adobe king would be happy to assist you: email us at “adobemastr@gmail.com“. (if clicking on this this link does not work, copy and paste this into your preferred email provider:  adobemastr@gmail.com  )
thinking on purchasing an adobe home and want expert advice on what kind of shape it’s in and whether or not there may be hidden problems with it?  roy spears offers professional consulting services to help you in accessing the condition of adobe and rammed earth homes.  click here for more information and pricing.   keywords:  adobe brick repair tucson, adobe waterproofing, water repellents, seal, sealer, burnt, mud, asphalt and cement stabilized adobe repairs adobe king adobe specialists silox adobe and rammed earth water repellents. 
“do it yourself” water repellents and self-help instructions for sealing your adobe and rammed earth walls.

roy spears of adobe masters (520-331-4004) is a specialist in burnt adobe repair and in the application of adobe water repellents to burnt adobe brick homes in tucson, arizona. he began working on his first adobe brick home in 1985 which led into research and development of water repellants specifically formulated for the unique characteristics of earthen materials, including rammed earth.  this resulted in the manufacturing of a proprietary line of water repellents known as “silox adobe/rammed earth water repellents.” click on these bolded words to be taken to the silox page for ordering information.

he is considered one of the most knowledgeable, trusted, and experienced burnt adobe restoration professionals in southern arizona and is tucson’s first choice for troubleshooting and solving the issues surrounding the unique needs of your adobe home.  
securing the services of professionals for treating your adobe home with a quality water repellent can entail substantial expenses. leveraging almost four decades of specialized knowledge in adobe repair and sealing, spears extends his expertise to guide you in independently treating your adobe walls. this approach has the potential to yield significant savings, possibly amounting to thousands of dollars in labor costs. he will walk you through each step, ensuring meticulous execution. additionally, professional-grade rental equipment is available to enhance the efficiency of your “do-it-yourself” project. should you find the undertaking too daunting, please don’t hesitate to reach out for a discussion of alternative options.
call or text roy spears at (520) 331-4004 or email:  adobemastr@gmail.com

treating your adobe or rammed earth home with a speciality water repellent is one of the first safeguards against deterioration; many homeowners fail to realize the importance of this.  another essential factor is applying the correct water repellent: one formulated for adobe and rammed earth.  using the wrong product on your home can be worse than doing nothing at all. he recommends silox adobe/rammed earth water repellents. please call or text him at (520-331-4004) if interested in this excellent product, or contact him via email, “adobemastr@gmail.com”.  open by appointment only.  click here to be taken to the information page. 

silox adobe/rammed earth water repellents are formulated specifically for adobe and rammed earth. an “adobe master” approved product: $165.00 (silox original). (sold only in five-gallon buckets; single gallons not available.) call (520) 331-4004 to order today!



phone testimonial from chad finch, owner of “hidden oasis,” a bread and breakfast in the dragoon mountains in southeast arizona, on his success with the silox adobe/rammed earth water repellent:



click here to go to chad’s website.

march 5, 2021:  about eight years ago, marilyn levy purchased the silox adobe/rammed earth (original) for her home.  last week, marilyn called me to purchase additional product, correctly assuming it was time for another application.  i had her perform a simple water test to see whether or not her adobe was ready for another treatment.  below is her remarkable voice mail attesting to the quality of the silox:


repairing an adobe home requires specialized knowledge. in the following pages, you will also find information on the different kinds of adobe (burnt, sun-dried, pressed and stabilized) to choose from to build your own house, along with information on rammed earth.

adobe and rammed earth homes are unique structures with specialized needs. one misconception is believing adobe is similar to a concrete block or brick, often times referred to as “slump block.” this is false, particularly if the home has a “santa fe” building style.
santa fe styled homes have tall parapet walls, a flat roof with spacious back porches; the front porches are usually much smaller.  few santa fe homes are protected with generous overhangs except what is found underneath the aforementioned porches; most of the adobes are exposed to the weather. because of this, most of the walls receive the brunt of the weather and are susceptible to damage by the elements; most notably rain and wind. compared to a concrete or slump block, adobes are soft, making them prone to deterioration.
few homes can match the beauty of a well-built adobe or rammed earth home. no other can mimic the “feel” of a solidly built adobe or rammed earth structure. yet they have unique needs which homeowners must be aware of so that they can endure for decades…even hundreds of years.

“adobe and rammed earth homes are unique structures with specialized needs.”

i’ve been a contractor with over forty years in construction—most in the restoration of adobe homes. my perspective on adobe homes is taken from decades of working on, protecting, and repairing them from the damaging effects of water and the weather.
the proper repair and preservation of adobe can accurately be described as an art form. there are correct methods of restoration that when properly employed will enhance and prolong the life of your adobe. there are also incorrect methods and incorrect use of repair materials that can literally spell doom for your adobe and result in the acceleration of deterioration.
for example, putting a thick coat of stucco over an old mud adobe home can be among one of the poorest preservation choices you can make. many people have done just this, believing that it will solve their severe deterioration problems when in fact it may greatly accelerate the problem. one of the most important and critical questions when it comes to evaluating sound solutions for your adobe problems is “what is causing the deterioration in the first place?” no corrective or restoration method should be initiated until this question is thoroughly answered.

an old adobe home that has seen better days.
the greatest threat to adobe is when it comes in regular contact with water. one of the ways that water damages adobe walls is from the rainwater run-off from roofs. if your adobe home or building has a flat roof and the scuppers (drain pipes) do not protrude far enough away from the walls, the rainwater from these draining scuppers may very well “channel” down those walls with the potential of causing severe damage both to the exterior and interior of the earth walls. “splash back” is also a common problem. this occurs when the rainwater falling from the scuppers hits the ground below and “splashes back” towards the walls. worse yet is if the rainwater falling from the scuppers not only splashes back but actually drains towards the walls instead of away from the walls, soaking the ground beneath.
if your adobe home or building has a pitched roof and the eaves from that pitched roof do not extend an adequate distance past the walls, you encounter the same damaging scenario as that described in the paragraph above from a rainstorm. this situation can actually be worse than the one described above, for eves can extend across a great distance around the home and the falling water from the eves can affect a much greater area than the small target area underneath an isolated scupper.

a burnt adobe wall showing advanced deterioration.
another common problem that has the potential to cause great damage to adobe walls are careless watering or over watering of plants which have been planted too close to the walls. i encounter this problem all the time and i advise adobe homeowners who have concrete stem walls of a few inches (or no stem walls at all where the adobes are sitting right on the ground) to leave at least a minimum distance of no less than 24 inches between your adobe walls and your plants; 36 inches is even better. adobes are like sponges and they can absorb an incredible amount of water. keeping water away from contacting your adobe walls in any fashion is the single best measure for insuring the continued health of your adobe structure.
a continuing raging debate is whether or not one should apply a “sealer” (italicized to draw attention to the fact that the word is misused) to protect adobe. this is a valuable debate and should be thoroughly investigated before launching into any “sealing project” on your adobe home or building. in my repair manual, entitled “repairing and preserving your adobe home,” i delve into some detail on this subject.

“silox adobe/rammed earth water repellent (original)” $165.00.
“silox xtra” $189. (currently out of stock.)
regular price for the silox original is $165.00 per five gallon bucket or $189.00 per five-gallon bucket for the silox xtra. excellent for sun-dried mud adobe, burnt adobe, cement and asphalt stabilized mud adobe, and rammed earth, both interior and exterior. 
call (520) 331-4004 to order today!

there is no longer simple choices when it comes to choosing what kind of adobe you may wish to build your house out of. the choices between the various kinds of adobe can be quite bewildering to the adobe novice, and each type of adobe has its strengths and corresponding weaknesses. because of these myriad of choices, there is at least the same amount of confusing choices when it comes to figuring the correct repair methods for these different adobe “bricks.”
another important question to ask when searching for solutions to adobe problems is, “what kind of adobe is my house constructed from?” for example, if your house is built out of the “old” kind of adobe, where the actual adobes that make up the walls of your home was dug out of the earth that was around or near your house, these are commonly referred to as “sun-dried,” “mud,” or “natural” adobes. straw was commonly added to these adobes to help control the inevitable cracking that occurs in these kind of earthen bricks.
but you may not have this kind of adobe; rather, you may well have “burnt” adobe. i discuss these different kinds of adobe in one of the chapters of my book in more detail, but the repair methods for a sun-dried adobes is completely different than the repair method for a burnt adobe.
most people, when they think of “adobe,” think of sun-dried adobe, not realizing that this kind of adobe is one among a handful of others. i spend much time in this website discussing the proper repair and preservation of burnt adobe because in my restoration business, the majority of the homes i worked on over the decades were constructed out of this particular kind.
as technology has evolved, so has adobe. one would not think that digging dirt out of the ground and dumping this material into wooden forms to dry in the sun to form heavy slabs of earth that will then be mortared into a wall for a house can be subjected to technological advancements, but surprisingly, they are. adobe has come a long way since the hebrews under the pharaohs made earth bricks out of mud and straw over 4,500 years ago.
interestingly, the bible records the first instance, as far as i know, of adobes being made as a building material:
“so the same day pharaoh commanded the taskmasters over the people and their foreman, saying, ‘you are no longer to give the people straw to make brick as previously; let them go and gather straw for themselves. but the quota of bricks which they were making previously, you shall impose on them; you are not to reduce any of it…” (exodus 5:6-8[a])
straw, as noted above, is an important ingredient in making sun-dried adobes; it not only controls cracking, but also gives the adobes some slight tensile strength. evidently, as the above scripture reference points out, it was an essential element in the egyptian adobe making business.
adobe making has come a long way since the pharaohs used it in their building efforts. today, various additives are mixed with the soil, such as asphalt and cement, to impart a water-resistant aspect and strength to the bricks. though straw was a necessary ingredient in the manufacture of adobes in ancient egypt, advancements in soil analysis’ has evolved to such a degree that it is not necessary and is rarely used.
though the use of adobe in construction has been around for thousands of years and is a fairly user-friendly material, it is surprising how much technical knowledge is necessary for both building out of adobe and in its repair and restoration. as i mentioned in my first paragraph, adobe repair can properly be considered an art form. this is also true of its manufacture and construction.
since one is unable to trek down to your local home depot, lowe’s or neighborhood building materials supply store and purchase adobe, it is not a material that is commonly used in building one’s home. there are few masons who are skilled and knowledgeable in the proper methods of laying up an adobe wall. fewer still are those who know how to properly preserve and repair deteriorating adobe structures.
because of this lack of information, adobe homeowners need to familiarize themselves with the unique characteristics and needs of adobe if they want to insure that their homes are adequately protected. this due diligence is just as important when you choose a contractor who will be repairing your deteriorated home. there are not many specialists in this area, and hiring a contractor who is unfamiliar or inexperienced in the proper preservation techniques could end up doing more harm than good.
the picture below shows the “silox adobe/rammed earth water repellent” in the five gallon bucket. click this link for information and ordering: “silox adobe water repellents.”


this website addresses the particular needs of burnt adobe rather than the more traditional sun-dried adobe. this is because there is already a fair amount of information on the web concerning the history and proper repair methods of the latter and not much on the former. the repair and preservation methods for both these types of adobe are quite different.
since i spent a significant portion of my time on customer’s roofs when my company repaired their damaged adobes, i naturally became an expert on diagnosing and repairing flat roofs, notorious for leaks. a properly sealed roof is important in the overall strategy of maintaining an adobe home, and this site will give you some helpful information on this critical area as well.
our mission
roy e. spears has been contracting for over forty years, specializing in adobe repair and restoration since 1985.  he can help you troubleshoot, pinpoint and solve problem areas with your adobe home, and you can have the confidence that you are receiving this information from an experienced contractor.  he now does consulting and provides the silox brand of adobe and rammed earth water repellents to customers.



