




welcome to common-lisp.net!














common-lisp.net







getting started


documentation


community


projects 

mailing list archives
hosting services
projects hub
orphaned mailing lists
orphaned projects



resources 

implementations
libraries
tools
faq
companies



contribute


about















  get started
welcome to common-lisp.net


introduction
welcome to the amazing world of common lisp, the
            programmable programming language.
this site is one among many gateways to common lisp.  its
            goal is to provide the common lisp community with development
            resources and to work as a starting point for new
            programmers.



latest common-lisp.net news
2022-02-08all project sites have moved from https://common-lisp.net/project/<project-name> to https://<project-name>.common-lisp.dev. the former now redirects to the latter, so bookmarks should continue to work. additionally, we have added new content to our faqs on how to deploy a website to https://<project-name>.common-lisp.dev, as well as use gitlab ci for testing and more complicated tasks. 2020-04-05mailing list archive clean-up: since the inception of common-lisp.net, hosting of mailing lists has been part of our service offering. for a long time, two or even three mailing lists were created with every new project. many of those were never used. today, we cleared out all mailing list archives which didn't have any messages in them and which are not in active operation. 2019-12-27 abcl fundraiser!the common lisp foundation hosts an appreciation fundraiser for the abcl project. 2019-06-01the subversion repository maintenance window completed ahead of schedule at 18:00 on june 1st instead of taking the better part of the weekend. during this maintenance window, subversion repositories were upgraded to the latest standard (1.9). some repositories were stored in backward compatible formats as far back as 1.1. with the migration, repository access should benefit from performance work done in the server component. other features that become available with this maintenance include the storage of merge-tracking information. 
read more...

latest lisp news









what is common lisp?
common lisp is the modern, multi-paradigm, high-performance,
          compiled, ansi-standardized, most prominent (along with scheme) descendant of the long-running family of lisp programming languages.

common lisp is known for being extremely flexible, having
            excellent support for object oriented programming, and fast
            prototyping capabilities. it also sports an extremely powerful
            macro system that allows you to tailor the language to your
            application, and a flexible run-time environment that allows
            modification and debugging of running applications (excellent
            for server-side development and long-running critical
            software). it is a multi-paradigm programming language that
            allows you to choose the approach and paradigm according to
            your application domain.

curious?     get started!



services

project hosting for open
                source / free software common lisp projects.
mailing lists for
                common lisp related topics.



support
if you need technical support, please contact our
            admins.


about this site
check out our about page.





 edit this page
    






            © 2003-2019 common-lisp.net maintainers.
          

this
            work is licensed under a creative
              commons attribution 4.0 international license.
          











        "programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute."
      
- abelson & sussman, sicp, preface to the first edition


"that language is an instrument of human reason, and not merely a medium for the expression
        of thought, is a truth generally admitted."
- george boole, quoted in iverson's turing award lecture


"one of the most important and fascinating of all computer languages is lisp (standing for
        "list processing"), which was invented by john mccarthy around the time algol was invented."
- douglas hofstadter, godel, escher, bach


"lisp is a programmable programming language."
- john foderaro, cacm, september 1991


"lisp isn't a language, it's a building material."
- alan kay


"any sufficiently complicated c or fortran program contains an ad hoc informally-specified
        bug-ridden slow implementation of half of common lisp."
- philip greenspun (greenspun's tenth rule of programming)


"lisp is worth learning for the profound enlightenment experience you will have when you
        finally get it; that experience will make you a better programmer for the rest of your days, even if you never
        actually use lisp itself a lot."
- eric raymond, "how to become a hacker"


"lisp is a programmer amplifier."
- martin rodgers


"common lisp, a happy amalgam of the features of previous lisps."
- winston & horn, lisp


"lisp doesn't look any deader than usual to me."
- david thornley


"sql, lisp, and haskell are the only programming languages that i've seen where one spends
        more time thinking than typing."
- philip greenspun


"don't worry about what anybody else is going to do. the best way to predict the future is
        to invent it."
- alan kay


"the greatest single programming language ever designed."
- alan kay, on lisp


"i object to doing things that computers can do."
- olin shivers


"lisp is a language for doing what you've been told is impossible."
- kent pitman


"lisp is the red pill."
- john fraser


"within a couple weeks of learning lisp i found programming in any other language
        unbearably constraining."
- paul graham


"programming in lisp is like playing with the primordial forces of the universe. it feels
        like lightning between your fingertips. no other language even feels close."
- glenn ehrlich


"a lisp programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing."
- alan perlis


"lisp is the most sophisticated programming language i know. it is literally decades ahead
        of the competition ... it is not possible (as far as i know) to actually use lisp seriously before reaching the
        point of no return."
- christian lynbech, road to lisp


"[lisp] has assisted a number of our most gifted fellow humans in thinking previously
        impossible thoughts."
- edsger dijkstra, cacm, 15:10


"the limits of my language are the limits of my world."

        - ludwig wittgenstein, tractatus logico-philosophicus 5.6, 1918
      








