







industrial nmr spectroscopy applications nmr testing laboratory





















































 skip to main contentnmr testing laboratoryindustrial nmr spectroscopy applicationshome
about us

about process nmr
our history
facilities
applications
chemometrics
news and events


services

price list
submission form
liquid nmr
solid nmr
benchtop nmr
consulting
automated applications
expert witness


expertise

cv
presentations
reviews and white papers


blog
contact

main contentwelcome to process nmr associates
we are an analytical laboratory specializing in the application of liquid and solid-state nmr spectroscopy to applications spanning all industrial sectors. applying 30 years of nmr experience to customer submissions.
read more




aloe vera analysis - 1h nmr
1h qnmr analysis provides identification and quantification of aloverose (aka acetylated mannan or acemannan) which is a unique polysaccharide identifier of aloe vera. the technique also provides information on other aloe components, isocitrate whole leaf markers, additives, preservatives, degradation products and adulterants.

nmr analysis of aloe vera - ahp monograph method (authored by pna)



alcoholic beverage analysis
1h qnmr is utilized to provide detailed chemical fingerprint information on alcoholic beverages such as beer, wine, cider, sake, mead and kombucha. alcohols, organic acids, dextrins and carbohydrates, fermentation products, and amino acids are obtained of a mg/l basis. results can be summarized to yield a nutrition label of the product, plus use for process monitoring qa/qc, troubleshooting, development, blending and labeling.

beer-- cider--kombucha



benchtop nmr applictions
we are the worlds experts in permanent magnet benchtop nmr technology with applications applied in the laboratory, at-line or in-line. we consult with companies to develop direct nmr methods or chemometric applications to relate chemical and physical properties of industrial samples to the variation observed in their nmr spectra. many examples are provided on this website.

example: fish oil dha/epa developed at 300,80,60,43mhz



expert witness & consulting
we provide expertise on nmr that can be utilized in litigation, product authentication, research and development, training, method development.




petroleum & petrochemicals
we have particular expertise in 1h and 13c nmr application to petroleum products, polymers and petrochemical materials - both liquid and solid-state nmr techniques can be utilized.




usp phospholipid analysis
we have particular expertise in the application of 31p qnmr of phospholipids such as phosphatidyserine and phosphatidylcholine in krill oil or lecithin.


home
about us
services
expertise
blog
contact
copyright © 2025 · process nmr · all rights reserved.handcrafted with  by studiodog group 
























