home | first federal savings bank of champaign-urbana | champaign, il  
 homeskip to main contentskip to footerview sitemapdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government first federal savings bank of champaign-urbana   toggle site menu 

bank


ebanking

debit cards

personal accounts

business accounts

account services



borrow, insure & invest


mortgages

mortgage rates

business loans

real estate for sale

business development

cds/iras

non term investments

first fed investments & planning

gtps insurance



about


about us

alerts

careers

community

hours & locations

contact us



enter terms to search  start your search close main navigation toggle popup for site search  toggle popup for online bankingonline bankingonline bankingloginenrolldownload our app close online bankingfirst federal savings bank of champaign-urbana    search our siteenter terms to search start your search close searchfirst federal savings bank of champaign-urbana   first federal savings bank of champaign-urbana      
 
 
 
 
2025 cbai foundation for community banking annual scholarship program materials now available
 
 
 
presidents day, monday, february 17 - lobbies closed. drive-ups open 7am-7pm
 
  got it  close alertfirst federal savings bank of champaign-urbana     mortgages
mortgage loans and refinancing that's fast, friendly and local.
explore mortgages  we're a community bank in every sense.  first federal is proud to support local charitable organizations. we make our loan decisions right here in champaign county. we have been a part of champaign county since 1908, and believe in helping make our community a better place to work, live and play.   
bank where you want
some text to describe the card better
explore our mobile banking  
start savings
grow your nest egg with our comprehensive personal banking options.
start your savings journey  
need to chat?
our team is dedicated to providing you with the best service possible.
come talk to us  
plan or budget
get insights into your financial goals using our financial calculators.
view our calculators  
find a location
visit our conveniently located branches and experience exceptional service.
visit our local branches  
close in 30 days
our experienced lending team will walk you through the steps and make the process fast.
explore our mortgage options  
convenient and easy to use
now you can have 24-hour access to real-time account information from the convenience of your personal computer.
explore our online banking  
you know your business better than anyone
use our convenient commercial checking account to help you manage your business.
explore our business banking  go to the previous card  go to the next card     get the keys to your new home with our trusted lending team.
your home, vehicles, motorcycles, boats, personal watercraft or home improvements - you name it and we want to finance it for you!
talk to our mortgage team  borrow with confidence. check out  our rates below.  6.625%  30 year fixed mortgage  mortgage rates are current as of february 11, 2025, and are subject to change at any time.
our mortgage rates  6.375%  20 year fixed mortgage  mortgage rates are current as of february 11, 2025, and are subject to change at any time.
our mortgage rates  5.875%  15 year fixed mortgage  mortgage rates are current as of february 11, 2025, and are subject to change at any time.
our mortgage rates  5.750%  10 year fixed mortgage  mortgage rates are current as of february 11, 2025, and are subject to change at any time.
our mortgage rates  go to the top of the pagefirst federal savings bank of champaign-urbana  first federalcontact us217-356-bankrouting #271170390nmls #435120resources

disclosures & forms

privacy policy

mobile privacy policy

careers

follow us

facebook

linkedin

x

download our appmember fdic equal housing lender  bauerfinancial, inc. 

©  first federal savings bank of champaign-urbana 
