




construction and engineering – project management | oracle































































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu














overview


solutions


smart construction platform
capital program management
construction project management
construction payment management
human capital management
construction data and intelligence
cloud infrastructure
finance modernization
fusion cloud applications suite
professional services






sectors


contractors and epcs
owners
public agencies




construction and engineering products
innovation lab


resources


understanding intelligent platforms
ebooks
about construction management software
exploring cde and bim
primavera p6 migration to cloud
integration partners
textura training calendars




customer stories
business insights

















industries












construction and engineering
connect project teams, empower decision-makers, and synchronize work across planning, delivery, and operations. orchestrate performance through your field and back office and drive continuous improvement for your organization.


request a demo

















live webinar: investing in capital project delivery
join us february 25, 2025 at 1:00 pm est / 10:00 am pst for this live webinar as we explore the value of integrating unifier project financial analysis with your capital planning and scheduling platform for better project delivery.


register now




live webinar: primavera cloud for small projects
join us march 12, 2025 at 1:00 pm est / 10:00 am pst for this webinar showcasing how primavera cloud can revolutionize the way you manage small construction projects, making it a powerful tool in your project toolkit.


register today













oracle construction and engineering industry spotlight







manage projects like a symphony, not a battle
learn five ways that construction firms can harmonize projects, reduce risk, and boost profits.



access the industry ebook now









oracle industry lab
visit the unique facility where the future of your industry is being built.



experience innovation in action









the intelligent construction platform is here
learn how to outperform expectations by connecting teams, processes, and data.



access the technology ebook









fast-track the unified data journey
learn how unified data can help organizations unlock comprehensive insights as they consider and adopt ai.



access the industry ebook



















more than$9tin project value managed




more than4mprojects and initiatives managed




more than1.8bdocuments exchanged




more than$9bin subcontractor payments processed monthly















find construction and engineering solutions by sector






contractors and epcs
connect and synchronize teams across the project lifecycle with connected scheduling, project controls, and collaboration. increase coordination and control to boost efficiency and limit risk.


explore contractor solutions




owners
align projects with organizational goals, monitor projects and proactively respond to minimize risk, and maintain a complete project record for asset operations.


explore owner solutions




public agencies
connect communities, preserve the environment, and promote economic development. ensure projects align for predictable, positive outcomes.


explore public agency solutions















oracle smart construction platform
oracle smart construction platform helps owners and their delivery teams work together, orchestrate resources, and turn data into intelligence to drive continuous improvement across project planning, delivery, and operations.


explore oracle smart construction platform


request a demo













drive performance, predictability, and continuous improvement




capital program management


strategic capital portfolio planning
perform long-range capital portfolio planning and forecasting to maximize value. consistently evaluate and prioritize projects based on customizable weighted criteria. monitor portfolio performance against goals. maintain ongoing data flow between planning and project execution.

project execution
standardize and optimize the way you deliver projects. increase visibility and control, standardize and unify processes, and automate review cycles to improve coordination, decision-making, and project outcomes.



facilities asset management
configure and automate service requests, preventive and corrective maintenance, inventory, and inspections. help your teams work together to assess facility conditions and make better use of space.




resources

ebook: four pillars of effective capital program management
ebook: four ways integrating cost and schedule improves your project lifecycle
ebook: chart a course to easily improve capital program performance








construction project management


preconstruction
publish, review, and award bids in a collaborative solution that connects general contractors and subcontractors. streamline preconstruction processes, documents, and communications.

connected project controls
get early visibility into cost impacts from changes. course correct with real-time budget and cost analysis tied to project schedules.

payment management
move money through your supply chain efficiently and securely, with minimal delays and disruption risk. simplify billing, payment, and compliance. pay your delivery teams on time, with no hassle.



unified project scheduling
coordinate your office and field teams with one unified cpm system and task schedule, optimize resources, and manage risk across all your projects, big or small.

team collaboration and data sharing
equip every team member with the right information to streamline construction from start to finish and deliver profitable projects. capture a complete record of project decisions.



predictive intelligence and analytics
identify risks early with predictive intelligence and make the right decisions to keep projects on track. boost visibility into project performance and target problem areas.
resources

ebook: see how connected scheduling can improve project delivery
ebook: five collaboration challenges you can fix now








payments


streamlined workflows and automation
reduce errors and delays by automatically generating accurate invoice documents. shorten draw cycles with simplified invoice approvals and compliance controls. streamline payment preparation and disbursement.

subtier compliance visibility
get early visibility into potential issues from missing compliance or other critical documents, such as insurance, safety reports, or dbe status. automate communications so everyone can make prompt corrections.



payment risk controls
centralize compliance documents for easier tracking. keep audit trails of user actions, electronic signatures, and payment documents. facilitate the secure digital exchange of lien waivers for payments.

payment analytics
equip everyone with the right analysis and reporting for payments data. get a portfolio-wide view into payment and task status. quickly see and communicate key project metrics.




resources

ebook: build efficiency by simplifying construction payment management
ebook: your implementation guide to streamlining construction payments
on-demand webinar: selecting a payment management solution








predictive analytics and ai


data intelligence
gain new insights into project risk and performance with ai and analytics. make smarter decisions across the project lifecycle to limit delays and improve delivery.

predict and address safety risk
continuously reduce risk by proactively identifying high-risk projects through an incident early warning system.



predictive ai
assess the health of project schedules before work even begins. continually predict and address potential risks with active intelligence that learns as your projects progress.

manage schedule and workflow risk
leverage your historical project data to inform current decisions, monitor performance, and keep projects on track.




resources

on-demand webinar: using analytics and ai to reduce risk—the contractor’s perspective
on-demand webinar: using analytics and ai to reduce risk—an owner’s perspective
on-demand webinar: how leading owners unify data to proactively manage their projects and portfolios








enterprise resource planning


financials
have a complete view of your financial position and results across accounting, planning, consolidation, and reporting.

procurement
increase influence and buying power through strategic supplier sourcing and procurement. predict and proactively manage gaps and risks in your supply chain.

enterprise performance management
accurately model and plan across finance, hr, supply chain, and sales. streamline your financial close and gain insight to drive better decisions.



project management
gain complete control over all project aspects, including resources, budgets, costs, billing, and forecasts.

erp analytics
leverage prebuilt dashboards to gain actionable, real-time insights from all accounting data. uncover operational and financial connections.



track environmental impact
increase visibility and model esg initiatives to understand risks and opportunities. meet regulatory and stakeholder requirements for supply chain emissions reporting by capturing supplier, item, and invoice data.


resources

take an oracle financials product tour
take an oracle project management product tour
take an oracle enterprise performance management product tour








human capital management


oracle fusion cloud hcm
owners and delivery teams have diverse human resources needs across regional and global workforces. centralize hr operations across the business with a single source of truth, making it easier to take a consistent approach to your workforce decisions and quickly plan and restructure as conditions change.

oracle me employee experience
leverage one complete employee experience platform to create supportive, tailored experiences that meet workers where they are and take them where they want to be. communicate with clarity, foster connection and belonging, provide personalized guidance, and amplify growth opportunities to help every employee thrive.



oracle talent management
attract, empower, develop, and retain the talent you need to stay agile and competitive. find the talent and skill gaps that could hold back your strategic initiatives.

oracle human resources
plan, manage, and optimize your people processes with one common data source. standardize hr processes, provide mobile-responsive self-service capabilities, and customize workflows to meet your unique business needs.




resources

get an overview of oracle cloud hcm (pdf)
why choose oracle hcm over workday?
explore the latest innovations in hcm








supply chain and sustainability


demand management and replenishment
anticipate demand, manage supply, and automate decision-making predictions into consistent, cause-and-effect responses.

modular construction
use product lifecycle management and logistics for prefabricating and installing to ensure a controlled, sequential environment that reduces jobsite complexities to a minimum.



connected logistics
seamlessly manage sustainable transportation, global trade, and distribution processes to maximize order fulfillment.

asset service and maintenance
manage capital assets and calculate accumulated costs for your organization’s fixed assets to be built, installed, or acquired.



track environmental impact
design environmentally friendly products, source materials responsibly, and manufacture and transport products in a sustainable way, lowering waste and carbon footprint.


resources

see how you can start building sustainable supply chain operations (pdf)
ebook: digitalizing tomorrow’s manufacturing supply chain
on-demand webinar: three steps to strengthening your supply chain








it infrastructure


why oracle apps run best on oracle cloud
oracle cloud infrastructure (oci) offers improved performance and availability, up to 39% lower tco, and simpler migration for all oracle on-premises applications.

oci analytics
oracle analytics uses embedded machine learning and artificial intelligence to analyze data from disparate data sources, such as mysql, oss databases, oracle autonomous database, and oracle exadata, so you can make smarter predictions and intelligent decisions.

ai and machine learning
easily add intelligence to your applications and workloads with prebuilt perception and decision models and out-of-the-box chatbots. or build and train your own models with our data science services.



cloud deployment models
support distributed application workloads using oci fastconnect to connect on-premises locations or other public clouds directly to oci through dedicated, private, low-latency connections. data residency requirements can be addressed with oci dedicated region.

oracle hybrid cloud
bring cloud capabilities to your core platforms while complying with data residency and security constraints. use oracle cloud services in your data center behind your firewall, close to your critical applications. or run your workloads in 48 available global regions to support in-country disaster recovery.



oracle cloud economics
save consistently on compute, storage, and networking compared with aws, azure, and google cloud.


resources

explore analyst reports for oracle cloud infrastructure
explore oracle cloud infrastructure product tours















oracle construction and engineering customer successes

explore more customer stories


see why our construction and engineering customers trust oracle.





















































find resources and more

arion analyst research report: key trends driving growth in the aec market
understanding intelligent construction platforms
industry insights
connect with professional services experts 
how a structured upgrade assessment can help you
integrating oracle primavera p6 and sap
streamlining the development of scalable integrations
unlock the power of your solutions with optimization services










get started with oracle construction and engineering





subscribe to our newsletter


stay ahead of the curve with the latest trends and insights.


subscribe now







request a demo


see how oracle can help you unlock better performance.


request a demo







contact us


chat live with an expert and get your questions answered.


get in touch



















resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























