




d m lloyd-jones – the ‘doctor’



























		skip to content	


d m lloyd-jones

			the ‘doctor’		







welcome to our web site dedicated to the d m lloyd-jones recordings trust.
founded in 1982, the trust was set up to restore, distribute and promote the ministry of the late dr. martyn lloyd-jones (1899-1981).
the ‘doctor’, as he was affectionately known, is recognised by many to have been one of the finest british preachers of the twentieth century and was minister of westminster chapel, london, from 1938 until 1968.
his ministry was based on the clear and systematic teaching and preaching of the bible, and it was this that has earned him the respect and affection of many throughout the world. it’s our prayer that through the ministry of the trust a new generation will once again discover the importance and the value of expository preaching.
during his days preaching many of his followers had issues with their properties and most were in a bad state of disrepair.
in todays times many actions can be taken to resolve housing disrepair and tenants have more rights then they used to.
it is possible now to force landlords to fix any overdue maintenance and even take legal action and sue for compensation.
a quick search online for ‘housing disrepair solicitor‘ will show plenty of lawyers to choose from.
many people who would also remember the doctor will now be close to or actually retired and collecting a pension.
secondary to dedicating this website to the doctor we are keen on ensuring those who have retired are secure in their later years and not victims of pension mis-selling.
missold pensions occur when financial advisors act in their own interests rather than those of their clients.
they put high commissions first and often the pension product is rare suitable for the consumer.
the biggest misselling occurred with missold sipps. this is a self invested personal pension which allows the pension holder to handle their own investments. it is an ideal product for sophisticated investors but this led to misselling and lots of people were not experienced enough. thus they have ended up loosing the mortify and in worse cases all of their savings.
there are many claims management companies that can assist victims to recover their savings but consumers should fully research all angles before agreeing to their assistance.
as a retiree myself, i lost money in relation to serps as i opted out of contributions.
as well as this, an element of my pension was placed into a sipp investment relating to storage pods and car park investments.
i recently found these were missold to me.
part of my work in creating this website, will be dedicated to ensuring fellow retirees like me do not get missold investments.
as this website will attract people of a similar age, i feel its a great platform to make such announcements.
we hope you find this news informative and our work dedicated to saving the memory of ‘the doctor’ is appreciated.
who was the the doctor
a book is available to buy called the doctor himself and the human condition. the chapters included in this book are a representative selection of the various papers and addresses given over many years to medical practitioners and students by david martyn lloydjones. some of them are published here for the first time.although they were originally addressed to a medical audience, the subjects dealt with here are not strictly medical in a clinical sense, but rather represent the author’s thinking on the way in which biblical christianity should be applied to questions of personal conduct and morality as well as to professional conduct and ethics.
the appeal of this book is therefore not only to doctors and students and others working within the medical profession, but also to all christians who are seeking to apply biblical teaching to the problems of modern living. although some of the addresses were given nearly thirty years ago, the principles which the author lays down are equally applicable today, and his analysis of the issues discussed pays tribute to his acute and discriminating mind.
originally published by:
christian medical fellowship publications
157 waterloo road
london se1 8xn
now out of print but published here by permission of the copyright holders sir fed and lady elizabeth catherwood
on our site you will find much of interest, including sermons by dr lloyd-jones to read, together with a selection of articles about his life and ministry.
please do pop back and visit us from time to time, as we are frequently updating the site. if you have any comments or suggestions then please don’t hesitate to get in touch and let us know what you think.








																						d m lloyd-jones																		

				proudly powered by wordpress.			



 




