






tiritiri matangi
































































 










 
















home
visit

plan your trip
walks & activities
guided walks
family survival guide
overnight stays


schools

school visits
education programmes

primary and intermediate school
secondary school


growing minds
school conservation awards
activities & resources
research opportunities
research & publications


about

the sanctuary
who we are
our vision
wildlife
biodiversity plan
reports
history

maritime history
military history


pests
blog


what’s on?

events
news & announcements


get involved

our community
projects
special projects
support us
volunteer
sponsors & partners
renew membership


contact us
blog
online shop
donate

search








cart





your cart is currently empty. 







 







nau mai, haere mai, welcome to the home of the supporters of tiritiri matangi!



https://www.tiritirimatangi.org.nz/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/tiri-2020-30sec-v01_low_23-1.mp4

lying just an hour from aotearoa's largest city, this island sanctuary is home to an unrivalled range of wildlife living their best lives. take a guided walk to learn about the island's wildlife and original spade brigade, or explore it at your own pace. support our conservation and education programmes, or get involved as a volunteer.

plan your trip

our community

tiritiri matangi sanctuary




book the ferry with explorevisit explore's website




tiritiri matangi wildlifeview wildlife


























 


join the supporters...as well as receiving a quarterly magazine, supporters enjoy a range of activities throughout the year, from working bees to concerts.
join now





education programmesas one of new zealand’s oldest island sanctuaries, tiritiri matangi is brimming with wildlife rarely seen on the mainland, so students can gain first-hand knowledge of these threatened species and our country’s conservation history.
more info





growing minds programmewe believe that every school in auckland should be given the opportunity to visit tiritiri matangi, so in 2012 the tiri supporters organisation started a programme called ‘growing minds’ which has enabled thousands of children from eqi 430+ schools to visit this sanctuary.
more info





school visitsa visit to tiritiri matangi gives children the chance to take a trip back in time when our forests were full to bursting with birds.
more info





recently, on a surprisingly warm day on the island






the endemic moko pāpā/ raukawa gecko were first 






walk on in, sit right down

there are currently sp


 





kings birthday supporters working weekend

working






the road ahead

in 1948, what was likely to be the



 













© 2021 tiritiri matangi. all rights reserved | click here to access guides section


 























 

privacy preference center







privacy preferences



















 




































