


jim satcher in mount vernon























home




























jim satchermount vernon, washingtontel. 1.360.848.5003jim.satcher@comcast.net 





















veteran's advocate










tom constantino helping veterans at de anza college











los altos annexation drive











afvn "saigon night beat"











vietnam 1965











with beach boy dennis wilson
























veterans advocate monitor laws,
                           policies and procedures governing va health care, disability compensation, fee services and survivor benefits.  member
                           of the us army security agency association and a member of the dav chapter 59, mount vernon, wa.   community service former director,
                           eaglemont homeowners association (hoa).  founding member and past president of the eaglemont homeowners operating
                           committee (hoc).  active in promoting the eaglemont golf community and the city of mount vernon, wa.  led a successful petition drive in which 173 homes were annexed by the city of los altos, california.      satcher industries; jay-tec international cofounder/principle/general manager.   companies provided consulting services and heavy duty shop and repair
                           equipment to major construction and engineering firms and government agencies who design, build and operate mines, mills,
                           refineries, transit systems, water treatment plants and other projects, worldwide.   military service us army/army reserve, retired. duties: communication, research & analysis,
                           administration, personnel and staff management, claims, recruiting, retention and public affairs. assisted congressman paul n. (pete) mccloskey, jr. and senior staff thomas constantino on matters pertaining to veterans and military personnel residing in california's 11th
                           congressional district.  off-duty entertained troops stationed at fort ord, ca., fort belvoir, va and aboard the uss
                           mann troop ship while en route to vietnam, and hosted disc jockey shows aboard the uss mann, on fen radio in itazuke, japan,
                           and on afvn radio (audio link) in saigon, vietnam.  entertainment services  disc jockey, program director, concert promoter and entertainer.       







































