






  student services - simon fraser university   
 
 

 






    

 





 



 

 

 





sfu.ca
  


f t i




  










menu




















 
 student services 


 




sign in

sfu mail
gosfu
canvas









search



 this site
 sfu.ca










   finances   advising   career and volunteer    mysfuplan 
  academic planning   financial planning   well-being plan      enrolment services 
  get help   academic progress report   appeals   exams   enrolment   fees   id card   records   gosfu guide   u-pass bc   policies and procedures   academic integrity     support and services  







    
















student services


















student services







we are here for you
your journey at sfu is unique to you. learn to navigate your way towards academic success by first getting to know the services and resources readily accessible to all students. lean on these supports throughout your undergraduate studies to help you achieve your personal goals, reach academic milestones, and nurture your well-being.

 




we are here for you



your journey at sfu is unique to you. learn to navigate your way towards academic success by first getting to know the services and resources readily accessible to all students. lean on these supports throughout your undergraduate studies to help you achieve your personal goals, reach academic milestones, and nurture your well-being.



enrolment services



finances



advising



career and volunteer

 




enrolment services
find support for course planning and enrolment, tuition fees and payment plans, official documents, id cards and u-pass, academic records, graduation application, and many other services related to degree completion.
visit enrolment services



advising
connect with an academic advisor to help plan your academic goals and explore self-guided resources to discover ways to keep your degree plans on track with academic readiness and success.
visit advising services

 

finances
financial readiness is a critical step in planning your education. understand your financial commitments, learn more about various forms of financial assistance available to sfu students, and important deadlines to remember. 
learn more



career and volunteer opportunities
enrich your student experience through work, co-op and volunteer opportunities on and off-campus, and strengthen connections with your peers, the sfu community, and employers.
learn more

 




support and services
the support we provide throughout your studies also extends beyond academics. we can assist with your personal student needs, whether it’s physical and mental health and well-being, accessibility requirements, spiritual and faith-based matters, international and newcomer student advising, indigenous community spaces and guidance, rights and safety concerns, and more.

 




health and counselling



indigenous student centre

 

accessible learning 



residence and housing

 

multifaith centre



see all support and services arrow_circle_right

 




support and services
the support we provide throughout your studies also extends beyond academics. we can assist with your personal student needs, whether it’s physical and mental health and well-being, accessibility requirements, spiritual and faith-based matters, international and newcomer student advising, indigenous community spaces and guidance, rights and safety concerns, and more.



health and counselling



accessible learning



multifaith centre



indigenous student centre



residence and housing



see all support and services arrow_circle_right

 




mysfuplan

 




having a plan for your journey at sfu will help you feel confident in your educational path and supported every step of the way.
we’ve compiled and shared helpful information in these pages to guide and prepare you for some key things you’ll encounter as a university student, which ultimately have an effect on successful degree completion: from financing and budgeting for your studies, to strategically managing your course load, to taking care of your physical and mental well-being along the way.

 














financial planning





learn to budget for and calculate an estimate of your costs per term, apply for financial aid, seek income opportunities, and more.

 














academic planning





learn about course loads and how to balance them each term, plan for timely degree completion, and more.

















 

see yourself at sfu



when you apply to sfu, you'll choose a faculty and a program. but that's just where you start. once you're here, you'll have the freedom to explore different courses, programs, and disciplines.



browse programs apply now



 











student services
  finances   advising   career and volunteer   mysfuplan   enrolment services   support and services  

  


contact us



ris phone: 778.782.6930
livehelp
see hours of operation
 



8888 university drive
burnaby, b.c.
canada v5a 1s6










safety & risk
sfu maps & directions
sfu admissions
road report
give to sfu
emergency information
a-z directory








simon fraser university respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (musqueam), sḵwx̱wú7mesh úxwumixw (squamish), səlilwətaɬ (tsleil-waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (kwikwetlem), qayqayt, kwantlen, semiahmoo and tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.
terms & conditionsprivacy policy© simon fraser university



















  finances   advising   career and volunteer   mysfuplan
  overview   academic planning
 overview  about course loads  
  things to consider  
  how to decide  
    financial planning   well-being plan     enrolment services
  overview   get help   academic progress report
 overview  how to access  
  faq  
  plan your courses  
  advisors  
    appeals
 overview  admission appeals  
  student disciplinary appeals  
  general appeals  
  withdrawals - extenuating circumstances  
    exams
 overview  student responsibilities  
  scheduling procedure  
  exam hardship  
  study spaces  
    enrolment
 overview  before you enrol  
  how to enrol  
  withdraw/drop/waitlist  
    fees
 overview  check your balance  
  how to pay fees  
  medical insurance  
  refund information  
  international fees  
  tax receipts and forms  
  gosfu access  
    id card
 overview  getting your id card  
  lost or stolen card  
  using your card  
  changing your name  
  faq  
    records
 overview  transcripts  
  confirmation of enrolment  
  credential completion letter  
  degree verification  
  parchment replacement  
  criminal record check  
  letter of permission  
    gosfu guide   u-pass bc
 overview  general information  
  eligibility  
  term fees  
  load your compass card  
  using your compass card  
  faq  
    policies and procedures
 overview  fall 2023 grading  
    academic integrity
 overview  academic integrity violations  
  putting yourself at risk  
  support and resources  
  using generative ai  
  academic disciplinary process  
  faculty  
  teaching assistants  
  academic integrity week  
      support and services  


















sfu.ca










search











search



 this site
 sfu.ca





sfu mail
gosfu
canvas















close




 

    

