































































    
    quality plants | hopewell junction, ny | sabellico greenhouses & florist
  
  














              sabellico greenhouses & floristgrowing since 1950


       home



  products


   trees & shrubs



  perennials



  annuals



  edibles



  indoor plants



  garden supplies & lawn care





  florist shop



  services



  seasons & holidays



  contact us & directions



  plant finder



  faq's












    
 





         

call us now !




   your best choice for a great selection of locally grown, quality plants from 5 generations of growers.
 



   we are your local grower when you’re looking for an unbeatable selection of organic vegetable and herb plants, annuals, perennials, trees, shrubs, houseplants and gardening supplies for your landscape and gardens, sabellico greenhouses & florist should be your first stop. since we grow what we sell, we know plants and we can help you succeed!whether you’re looking for indoor or outdoor plants, our selection is sure to impress. we are sure you will be pleasantly surprised. we look forward to welcoming you today. visit us soon to see what sabellico’s is all about. we are sure you will be pleasantly surprised.


    
      

  trees & shrubs
an outstanding selection of trees and shrubs from all across our area here in dutchess county, ny





    

  annuals
large selection of annuals bursting with color grown right locally in our greenhouses.





    

  indoor plants
bring the beauty of nature into your home or office to improve air quality and your overall health.
  

button







     

  perennials
gorgeous plants that come back year after year.





    

  edibles
organic produce, herbs and vegetable plants for your garden grown right here in our greenhouses, as well as fruit trees and berry bushes.
  

button






    

  gardening supplies & lawn care
everything you need to keep your garden and lawn growing and looking great.
  

button












   we’re here to help you ....  plant finder
 ﻿finding your perfect plant is easier than ever. search hundreds of plants to see what’s right for your garden and make your wish list.
     

search





 



   loyally serving the lower hudson valley along with our full-service florist shop, we count our customers across dutchess county and beyond. our business has humble beginnings starting out 70 years ago selling plants and produce to our neighbors and we still focus on the same old fashioned values of quality products and great customer service. whether you’re an experienced gardener or just starting out, our friendly and knowledgeable staff at sabellico greenhouses & florist is happy to help customers with their gardening projects. 
     
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button









      




visit our store for top quality, locally grown plants!   

contact us


 







        

call us now !




    

visit us sabellico greenhouses & florist33 hillside lake roadhopewell junction, ny 12533
  


 contact us (845) 226-5943info@sabellico.comprivacy policy



    created with





















































































  
  share by:










