




home page 











































 login




phi eta sigma
aboutleadershippolicesjoinfaqchaptersscholarships2024 founders fund recipientsprogramsservice and philanthropymember of distinctionthe forumcalendarcommunityshop




 your browser does not support the video tag.elevate with honoradding to the college experience by celebrating success, creating opportunities, and cultivating community2025 founders fund scholarship applicationour visionto elevate the collegiate experience as we celebrate the nation's best and brightest students, create exceptional opportunities for holistic development, and cultivate a rewarding community by generating an intentional culture of care.we elevate our members time in college by recognizing their achievements in the classroom and providing opportunities for scholarships, leadership, personal development, networking, and more!why phi? joining phi eta sigma means becoming a part of a nationwide community that dedicated to achieving excellence and elevating the college experience. by becoming a member of phi eta sigma, students have access to exclusive scholarships opportunities and programs that are specifically designed to enhance their academic and professional development.membership applicationlindsey jacksonbrigham young universityjoining phi eta sigma is the best decision i made in college! it gave me so many unique opportunities including travel, leadership development, campus involvement, and lifelong friends. i am so grateful to phi eta sigma for supporting me throughout my collegiate career and helping me feel ready to start my career confidently!phi eta sigma bythe numbers1,400,000members
400chapters
10,000,000scholarship dollars
100years of excellence
our programsphi eta sigma elevates the college experience of our members by providing access to scholarships, personal development programming, and a community of scholars.scholarships phi eta sigma provides more than $400,000 in local and national scholarships through our founders fund and chapter resources. phi eta sigma prides ourselves in awarding scholarships to students who have demonstrated leadership, service, academic excellence, and a commitment and involvement within phi eta sigma. learn about our scholarshipspersonal development in phi eta sigma, we believe in providing opportunities for our students to grow holistically through the development of their mind, health, and character. these three values provide the foundational component for all phi eta sigma programming at the national and regional levels. view our programscommunity phi eta sigma national honor society is a network of students, alumni, and faculty/staff who are dedicated to an elevated college experience for themselves and others. our society offers opportunities for networking, engagement, and meaningful connections on our campus and throughout the nation. as a member, you will have exclusive access to events, and resources that will assist you in building your community within phi eta sigma. discover moreour partnersphi eta sigma prides itself in its relationships with our chapter campuses, professional associations, service organizations, and corporate sponsors/vendors. colleges and universitiesalumnicorporate sponsorsparent associationphi eta sigmabox 870261tuscaloosa al 354087 hq@phietasigma.org (205) 348-0975aboutjoinchaptersscholarshipsprogramsshopφης© 2025 phi eta sigma powered by greektrack 













