


national technical assistance center







national technical assistance center (ntac-aapi)“to increase employment opportunities for asian americans and pacific islanders with disabilities”



abstract & personnel | activities | collaborators | 
	conferences | e-news | resource links | products | 
	success stories | training




search







headlines

abilities at work dvd now available. order your copy now! [doc format | pdf format]
converter box coupon program—u.s. households will be eligible for coupons toward the purchase of digital-to-analog converter boxes. click here to learn more




learn more


pacific rim international conference on disabilities




semi-monthly e-newsletter



increasing employment opportunities for asian americans and pacific islanders with disabilities
participants at the closing dinner for disability mentoring day on october 21, 2005.
the center builds technical assistance capacity through the participation of partners formalized within a national advisory board and four national technical assistance 
	networks (see listing of collaborators).
ntac-aapi mission statement 

to develop a national technical assistance center that will increase employment opportunities for asian americans and pacific islanders with disabilities nationwide, in 
		both rural and urban areas.
to develop and provide technical assistance that will result in increased, culturally relevant vocational rehabilitation services for asian americans and pacific 
		islanders with disabilities.
to respond to the changing needs for technical assistance by the population being served.

objectives

establish collaborative linkages for strategic planning, technical assistance, training, outreach and service delivery, and dissemination.
identify solutions to barriers for aapi access and participation in vr process
provide information to employers and industry organizations
provide culturally and linguistically relevant training on legal provisions
provide educational and vocational outreach to aapis with disabilities
assist stakeholders to better understand related issues
develop a corps of aapi leaders with disabilities



national technical assistance center (ntac-aapi)funded by: u.s. department of education rehabilitation services administration (from october 1, 2001 through december 31, 2007)


copyright 2007. national technical assistance center (ntac-aapi).problems with this page? please contact the webmaster at cdsweb@hawaii.edu.
 



