     honda dealership in ontario ca | serving eastvale | new & used cars for sale | penske honda                               

                         


  















penske honda ontario





 


sales
909-974-3800


service
909-974-3800

parts
909-974-3800 

1401 auto center drive
ontario, ca 91761
             
   






service







map







contact





















penske honda ontario

   





call
map
2024 honda prologue ev




                 new   search new inventory   schedule test drive   reserve your next honda   trade-in value   honda tech tutor   virtual showroom   honda motocompacto      used   search used inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   used clean vehicle tax credit   lease return   trade-in value   we buy used cars   certified warranty coverage   honda certified pre-owned   why honda certified pre-owned     express store   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service & parts    service department   schedule service   express service   order parts   recall lookup   service and parts financing   tire center     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   trade-in value   lease or buy?     research   2025 model research   2024 honda prologue      about us   our dealership   contact us   hours and directions   about us   meet our staff   employment   honda green dealer program     our blog   🔋 ev hub                   home   new   search new inventory   schedule test drive   reserve your next honda   trade-in value   honda tech tutor   virtual showroom   honda motocompacto      used   search used inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   used clean vehicle tax credit   lease return   trade-in value   we buy used cars   certified warranty coverage   honda certified pre-owned   why honda certified pre-owned     express store   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service & parts    service department   schedule service   express service   order parts   recall lookup   service and parts financing   tire center     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   trade-in value   lease or buy?     research   2025 model research   2024 honda prologue      about us   our dealership   contact us   hours and directions   about us   meet our staff   employment   honda green dealer program     our blog   🔋 ev hub                

















new vehicles
shop 










used vehicles
shop 










schedule service
go 










special offers
go 








trade appraisal start 




        filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search        


      search new inventory     search used inventory        
    our vehicles  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      accord      civic      cr-v      cr-v hybrid      hr-v      passport      pilot      prologue      odyssey      ridgeline     explore all new inventory   

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     





    sales hours          monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 8:00pm         service hours          monday 7:00am - 5:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 5:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 5:00pm    friday 7:00am - 5:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours          monday 7:00am - 5:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 5:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 5:00pm    friday 7:00am - 5:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed        










repeat dealer of the year award winners!











































     



our certified pre-owned honda vehicles come with a 182-point inspection, vehicle warranty and benefits program and more. 
search certified

















used cars under 20k
check out our affordable used cars under $20k and find the right one for you. shop for a used car in ontario california with confidence.
view inventory



     

penske honda ontario
serving the community of ontario, ca
your next new 2023 or 2024 honda model or used car could be close at hand, right here at penske honda ontario in ontario, ca and serving chino hills, west covina, corona and rancho cucamonga! we have worked hard to bring quality cars, trucks, suvs, and so much more to southern california!
more about us


      

2025 honda pilot
from its updated looks to a versatile interior and upgraded technology, the pilot outclasses the competition. with seating for up to eight, multiple seating configurations ensure you have room for the whole family.


search new


search used




















            

stay in touch

             
          



penske honda dealership in ontario, ca
when you're looking for a new honda or a quality used car here in the los angeles area, penske honda ontario is the place to go. we've got a strong selection of new and certified pre-owned cars, trucks and suvs that we can't wait to show you, so come on down to find the ideal ride for your needs.




penske honda: providing a first-class experience
simply meeting your expectations isn't our team's goal; instead, we strive to exceed your every expectation so that you get an experience that no other dealership can match. we work hard to ensure that you're comfortable and stress-free throughout the process as we work with you to find the best match for you in our inventory of quality vehicles.
leading the way on environmental issues
we have a responsibility to do business in a way that is as eco-friendly as possible, and we take that responsibility seriously at our dealership. we've been recognized with honda's environmental leadership award for all of the ways we strive to make our dealership run as green as possible.
financing
affordable financing options
helping you drive off in a vehicle you love without going outside your budget is our goal. to that end, our financing department will offer you a number of loan options all with competitive rates that help you get the best value for your money possible.
popular cars for sale that we offer
civic
the efficient ride and sleek style that the civic brings to the table have made it one of the most popular vehicles in the country. this vehicle gets up to 40 miles per gallon on the highway, with an available bose sound system to provide you with top-notch entertainment through all of those miles.
civic hatchback
all the quality that the civic offers can also be found in the civic hatchback, giving you some options to choose from when it comes to the layout of your vehicle. the expanded rear cargo area gives you a total storage capacity of 24.5 cubic feet, so you don't have to leave anything behind.


accord
elegance and refinement can be yours when you choose the new accord as your next vehicle. the muscular, fastback-inspired exterior design attracts attention for all the right reasons, while inside, you'll be treated to high-end luxury courtesy of the available leather-trimmed seats.
hr-v
elevated styling and innovative technology come together to make the hr-v one of the most popular vehicles in its class. the spacious interior gives you all the versatility you expect from an suv, letting you change things up to fit your current needs.
cr-v
another strong entry in honda's lineup of quality suvs, the cr-v has the versatility needed to keep up with any driver's busy modern life. turbocharged engineering gives you the power and excitement you crave in your everyday drive.
quality used cars
when it comes to shopping for quality used cars in ontario california, we're pleased to be able to offer premium options including certified pre-owned honda vehicles, as well as used under 20k, and more. each and every used car is inspected by our honda-trained and certified technicians. on top of that, a complimentary carfax vehicle history report is available on every car.
service
service you can rely on
when you trust the professionals in our service department with your vehicle's maintenance needs, you'll get the peace of mind that comes from knowing your vehicle was taken care of properly. we'll address any issues so that your vehicle can continue serving you for years to come.

 
no appointment necessary!





    
advertising on this website is intended only for those in california.
             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | penske honda ontario | 1401 auto center drive, ontario, ca 91761 | sales: 909-974-3800             












  







               