 





			arc's value village | twin cities thrift stores & donation centers
		














































































































twitter
facebook
instagram
youtube
pinterest
linkedin








shop

locations
weekly 50% tag sales
ebay
personal shopping service
village rewards program


donate

clothing and household items
donate vehicles
other ways to donate


volunteer
careers
about us

about arc’s value village
about the arc minnesota
blog


contact us

locations
email club sign up








be a villager


shop
when you visit our clean, beautiful stores, you'll be delighted. as you browse our impressive selection of 20,000 items stocked daily, you'll know you're in a special place.




donate
your donations of gently used clothing and household goods make it all possible. donating to arc's value village is easy, convenient - and so appreciated.




volunteer
volunteering is fun and flexible. there are many ways to help. we'll find the job that's just right for you - whether you're on your own, with friends, or with a large group.







arc’s value village thrift stores and donation centers started in 1982 as a means of funding programs and services that benefit children and adults with developmental disabilities and their families through the arc minnesota. today, our three thrift stores generate significant funding for the arc’s programs and services.
arc’s value village thrift stores and donation centers accept donated items from individuals and businesses which are sorted and sold to happy customers. volunteers are critical to store operations, helping keep costs low to generate maximum return and funding for the arc’s programs.
several things make arc’s value village thrift stores unique in the world of thrifting:

  great merchandise & values
  exceptionally well organized stores, with clothing sorted by size and color
  roomy fitting rooms
  our virtual personal shopping service
  the village rewards program which earns you points for shopping, donating & volunteering
  our very own online ebay store

we make thrift shopping comfortable and easy. whether you shop because you’re thrifty or enjoy the thrill of the hunt, arc’s value village will surprise and delight you!







©2025 arc's value village

view locations

phone: 952.920.0855
shopping* hours:

10am – 7pm daily
(all locations)
*donation hours vary
 









powered by brandography














