














church and ministry web sites, share your sermons online, free church web site trial - halosites church web design agency - wilmington nc 




























  our tools were developed from the ground-up to be extremely user friendly.  if you email or use word processors then you already know how to build a website with halosites for your church or ministry.

  facebook and twitter have become a phenomenon in a short time, but knowing how to use it to its fullest is not all that easy.  we can help you get the most from these valuable resources so be sure to ask our team how we can help.
  


  every package at halosites comes with free email accounts!  each account is accessible via any web connection whether it is on a pc, mac, tablet or smartphone.  our email software can be used in conjunction with most all email application, such as microsoft outlook, express, thunderbird and more.  we also have an optional sync solution that can be added to your account if you want real-time over-the-air-wireless syncing between all your mobile devices.


  every package includes built-in mobile integration for iphones, ipads, droids, blackberries and more.  the mobile site is optimized for mobile devices and reduces slow page loading by showing only the information that the user is looking for.  just choose your package and your mobile site is included and ready to go!


 starting with our platinum package we introduce several options for online media.  whether it is streaming audio or video sermons or perhaps you want your very own podcast station, we have the tools and features that you've been looking for.


  our web based cms system has been developed and used with both pc and mac, so no matter what computer you are using today, next week or next year will work with halosites.   best of all you can update your site from anywhere!






why halosites?

support
company
login



church sites, ready now!
why wait weeks for your website? 
      get up and running today!

 no credit card required





 customer service is our guarantee to you! 
 online ticket system, email, phone and chat support 

        "follow" us or "like" us for special offers and discounts!










simple to use and edit!
each church website package includes halo, our proprietary cms system that makes editing your site a breeze.
more info



built in social media
we have included built in social media integration to facebook, twitter and others for selected packages.
more info


free emails
why get charged extra for emails?  get free emails with each site with robust features like collaboration and syncing.
more info










mobile ready
every site comes with a mobile ready web site for iphone, droid, ipad, nook and kindle.
more info



media rich websites
stream your sermons in audio or video formats or even podcast a syndicated series with halo sermons and podcast.
more info


mac ready!
halo  was developed to work with mac or pc so you're covered either way.
more info










 product 
 why halosites?
support

login
 company
 
        halosites    
	po box 28  
	wrightsville beach, nc 28480
        phone: 
        910-463-2405



2023 halosites llc,  privacy policy & terms of serviceall logos and product names mentioned are the trademarks of their respective owners.
       






