






village of maybrook in the hudson valley new york

















































845.427.2717 ext. 201
dgriffith@villageofmaybrook.com



facebook




rss


 





facebook




rss



 












mayor dennis leahy’s report
history
maybrook police department

village of maybrook citizens complaint form


maybrook justice court
services

refuse and recycling
report a street light out!
report a gas leak!
absentee ballot application
engraved memorial bricks
memory care guide for new york seniors
town of montgomery food pantry
building permits

permit fee schedule
building permit application
certificate of occupancy affidavit
code & zoning
entity disclosure form


village of maybrook organizations

railroad museum
js self~care llc, life coach / sustance use disorders / mental health
maybrook scout troop 236  & marching band
maybrook golden links
george c bullis community center
maybrook wind ensemble
orange county youth soccer




contact

village of maybrook officials
emergency contacts


important links

fair housing act
right to know incident reports


village board meeting calendar 2025
public hearing notice
maybrook police reform information
public participation plan
maybrook adopted budget 2024-25
village of maybrook tax information
 





select page


  
 



 



 






welcome to the village of maybrook!


whether you expect to be here for a short time or for the rest of your life, we hope you find the village of maybrook to be a friendly, caring and supportive community where everyone is received warmly. over the years we have gained an even greater appreciation for our community and its spirit. the community we have does not happen by accident. positive accomplishments are realized by the constant efforts of your village board, community organizations, residents and village employees. together we will continue to make maybrook a better place to live, work and play. our village of maybrook website was created to improve communication and to inform residents of current events. please visit and “like” our village of maybrook facebook and instagram pages as well!
in 2025, the village of maybrook proudly celebrates its 100th anniversary, marking a century of community, growth, and resilience.   as the village reflects on its rich history, it looks forward to a bright and promising future, continuing to honor its past while embracing new possibilities.
sincerely,
mayor dennis k. leahy


the police emerald society of the hudson valley hosted their biennial installation and awards dinner on saturday, january 25th. james (jim) barnett is the recipient of the 2025 police emerald society president’s award. james barnett completed 36 years with the maybrook police department before retiring as a chief. he is also a former village of maybrook trustee and deputy mayor. jim has always been committed to guilding the youth and had a career as a school vice principal. in his retirement, jim has mentored youth in the maybrook troop 236 scouts and marching band for the past 40 years.  congratulations to jim barnett for being recognized for his community service!

today, the maybrook troop 236 scouts hosted a court of honor for marinela smakaj, maya hernandez and mikayla carrasquillo!congratulations to marinela, maya and mikayla on attaining the rank of eagle scout!






nice turnout for our 1st village of maybrook “christmas movie night” featuring the polar express! we had a special visit from santa claus and everyone received a polar express ticket and a christmas bell!merry christmas to all andthank you todavid griffith, renee dezemo, kim and gabby miyoshi, e-rock entertainment, deputy mayor charlie woznick and mayor dennis leahy.


every year since the joseph e. dineen award was started in 2005, the village of maybrook board of trustees has selected a resident in the village who goes above and beyond as a volunteer. there were several candidates to choose from this year and unfortunately the village board is faced with the difficult decision of narrowing it down to one. this year’s recipient is the founder of self-care js inc. (501(c)(3)). she is a proven dedicated social worker and certified life coach. she empowers individuals and families impacted by trauma, mental illness, substance use, and abuse.her qualifications include being a certified recovery peer advocate, certified addiction recovery coach, and narcan trainer (opioid reversal medication). she is also trained in trauma-informed care, emotional first aid, and motivational interviewing. these qualifications allow her to help clients build resilience and break the cycles of trauma and addiction.she offers her services virtually, in home, or in-person, offering flexible options to get help to those in need and offering immediate assistance. this service is available right here in our village where she has meetings every 2nd tuesday of the month at our maybrook senior center. i’ve come to know this year’s recipient since our first meeting over a year ago. she’s a wonderful person and a resident in our village.  i know i speak for the rest of the village board in saying we appreciate her efforts in helping those in need in our village and surrounding communities. it is my honor to announce and present the 2024 joseph e. dineen award to ms. janell santana-sims.                                                                                                                                                                                                         – mayor dennis k. leahy
everyone knows we have a wonderful relationship with shoprite located in the town of montgomery. shoprite has been a big supporter of our village events. they donate water, cookies, juice boxes, etc. i have had the pleasure of working with many advocates from shoprite over the years, but this past year was a special relationship. julianna williams, who is the associate relations manager, has been our advocate for the village events. she is a maybrook resident and a former scout in the maybrook troop 236 scouts. she has been extremely helpful in continuing our wonderful relationship with shoprite and the village board wanted to recognize her to show our appreciation by presenting her an appreciation award. – mayor dennis k. leahy
back in august of this year, i received and email from steven kapnisakis from boy scout troop 4031 in montgomery. steven was interested in including the village if maybrook in his eagle project. his project was to scrape, clean and repaint three historical signs and posts in the village. the three historical signs he repainted were the john nicholson marker 914-918 homestead ave, and two rail markers located at 982 homestead ave, and the other at 302-308 homestead ave. the village board and i  were very appreciative when steven reached out because the historical markers were in desperate need of painting. to show our appreciation, the village board and i presented an appreciation award to steven kapnisakis for including the village of maybrook in his eagle scout project. – mayor dennis k. leahy







on monday, november 11th, town of montgomery hosted their annual veterans day ceremony at the montgomery government center located at 110 bracken rd.                                                                                                                                                                                on this veterans day, we honor the brave men and women who have served our country with unwavering courage and sacrifice. their dedication to protecting our freedoms, often at great personal cost, is a testament to their strength and patriotism. today, we express our deepest gratitude for their service and remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice. let us never forget the profound debt we owe to our veterans, whose selfless acts have safeguarded the liberties we cherish. thank you for your service—today and every day, we are grateful.  the village of maybrook was well represented by the maybrook troop 236 scout band, the maybrook vfw 2064 and auxiliary, pastor tom jackson from the peoples regular baptist church, mayor dennis leahy and trustee bill giannico.                                                                                                                                                                                            congratulations to the town of montgomery veterans day event coordinator and master of ceremonies lauren rowley


please be advised, the village of maybrook police department and the maybrook fire department have received calls about smoke and a wood burning smell in the village of maybrook. we are experiencing smoke that has drifted from the massive wildfire located in the greenwood lake area. stay in touch with your local news on updates about potential air quality issues.thank you and have a safe day. to check air quality, click on this link https://www.airnow.gov/?city=maybrook&state=ny&country=usa
on sunday, november 3, 2024, friends and family gathered to celebrate tony marano’s 100th birthday! on november 8, 2024, tony will be 100 years young. tony’s a wwii veteran and a proud active member of the maybrook 2064 vfw. he is also an active member of the maybrook railroad historical society and museum. he has a wealth of knowledge about the maybrook rail yard where he worked and  retired after 41 years of service. tony is class act and a good friend to many. the village of maybrook wishes tony marano a happy and healthy 100th birthday!
thank you to all of our sponsors of the village of maybrook “halloween drive-thru”!maybrook police departmentmaybrook fire departmenthunter insurance saleswallkill valley federal savings and loanmaybrook vfw post 2064 and auxiliaryshopritelicense 2 selle-rock entertainmentthe weather was fantastic and we had a great turnout!



in the past, we have experienced vandalism in our village. recently, we experienced efforts from youth who made a positive impact in our village. these kids stepped up on their own and did something to make a difference in our village!thank you to all of the young adults of youth bloom!! – mayor dennis k. leahy




the village of maybrook police department participated in a very nice community event hosted by the town of montgomery!thank you to the organizers and sponsors of the event!the fireworks were spectacular!
today, the maybrook fire department hosted a memorial service for volunteer fireman frank (frankie) amodio who passed away on june 29, 2024.frankie served his community as a dedicated volunteer fireman in the maybrook fire department for many years.he retired as a working leader in the village of maybrook department of public works. he was a hard-working, dedicated employee for many years in the village and proud of his maybrook heritage.frankie wasn’t just an employee of the village and volunteer fireman, he was a friend to many and will be forever missed and always remembered by all who knew him.we send our deepest condolences and prayers to his wife charmaine and his family.rest in peace frank amodio.– mayor dennis leahy

the maybrook troop 236 scout band did a great job honoring america’s 248th birthday in the                                                                           ellenville and highland falls independence day parades!




it’s with a heavy heart and sadness that we write this post.village of maybrook’s retired department of public works working leader frank “frankie” amodio sadly passed earlier today, june 29, 2024.frankie was a hard working, dedicated employee for many years in the village and proud of his maybrook heritage.he also served his community as a volunteer fireman in the maybrook fire department.frankie will be forever missed and always remembered by all who knew him.we send our deepest condolences and prayers to his wife charmaine and his family.rest in peace frank amodio.
womens-summer-softball-schedule-2024download


a “special thank you” to the memorial day committee chair maybrook deputy mayor charles woznick, mayor dennis leahy and the maybrook board of trustees, maybrook clerk/treasurer david griffith, scoutmasters bill giannico, abby williams, jim barnet and the maybrook troop 236 marching band, the mainline diner, dunkin donuts, the maybrook fire department & ladies auxiliary, the maybrook police department, the maybrook vfw post 2064 & auxiliary,  dpw superintendent matt thorp and the maybrook dpw, pastor tom jackson and the peoples regular baptist church, isabella giannico (star spangled banner) and the maybrook golden links!
maybrook memorial day parade grand marshall dan shampang was born in pittsfield, massachusetts and moved to gillette, wyoming where he graduated at campbell county high school in 1983. he joined the united states air force in 1984 as an aircraft structural engineer. after graduating basic training from lackland air force base in san antonio. his first duty station was with the 347th tactical fighter wing at moody air force base in valdosta georgia. there he maintained the air frames of the f4 phantom stationed at the base. while assigned to the 347th, he had multiple temporary duty assignments to the republic of korea. in 1988, he was permanently assigned to the 8th fighter wing in kunsan air force base in the republic of korea working on f16 fighting falcon fighter jets. in 1990, he rotated back to the united states and was assigned to the 60th air mobility command at travis air force base in fairfield, california, where he was responsible for the maintenance on the c5 galaxy transport aircraft. in 1992, he accepted a full-time position with the air national guard at stewart air force base here in new york and he continued to work on c5 galaxy aircraft. he was medically retired in 2009 with over 22 years of full-time service. his decorations include the air force achievement medal with the two oak leaf clusters and the air force commendation medal. in 2005 he established vanity signs and graphics in maybrook ny. in early 2006 he joined the vfw post 2064 in maybrook he served as quartermaster from 2017 to 2023 and as senior vice commander from 2023 to 2024. he resides in wurtsboro, ny with his lovely wife sonny. they have two daughters christina and caitlin and a granddaughter rayella. 
guest speaker lieutenant captain loren baldwin assumed responsibility as s3 of the 411th engineer brigade, rear detachment on january 02, 2024, a brigade where he oversees operations of 4 engineer battalions with over 3000 soldiers conducting combat, general and geospatial engineering.a cincinnati, oh native, our next guest speaker enlisted in 2005 as a heavy equipment operator (21e) in the us army reserve, assigned to the 611th engineer company (light equipment) in sharonville, ohio. in 2007 he received a commission as a 2nd lieutenant in us army reserve from the university of cincinnati rotc program. his staff assignments include training officer, training integration division, usarc g-37 training directorate and executive officer, usarc g-37; s3, 961st engineer battalion; assistant professor of military science, texas tech university; engineer plans officer, 478th engineer battalion; and executive officer of the 801st engineer company.his previous command was the 396th engineer company where in 2015 he deployed the company to hohenfels, germany for a joint maneuver readiness center rotation as members of the opposing force. the company successfully planned and executed over 25 counter-mobility obstacles to include over 4kilometers of concertina wire, eleven minefields, and 4 kilometers worth of tank ditches resulting in denying 2d cavalry regiment freedom of movement and maneuver. under his command, the company in 2016 for the first time in recent memory employed combat engineering equipment such as the volcano system and a mine clearing line charge at the combat support training exercise. the company also completed a platform gunnery proof of principle during the exercise, resulting all crews qualifying expert, demonstrating the viability of platform gunnery qualification in the us army reserve.his awards and decorations include the meritorious service medal 3rd award, army commendation medal, army achievement medal 3rd award, operation inherent resolve medal with star device, army reserve component achievement medal, global war on terror service medal, national defense service medal, armed forces reserve medal with “m” device and bronze hourglass, military outstanding volunteer service medal, army service ribbon, overseas service ribbon, and the reserve components overseas training ribbon 3rd award.he is a superior graduate of command and general staff officer college’s intermediate level education-common core and is currently enrolled in the advanced operations course. he holds master of business administration and master of arts in leadership and management degrees from webster university in saint louis, mo and a bachelor of business administration in operations management from the university of cincinnati in cincinnati, ohio.he and his wife, cody (cato) baldwin of roswell, georgia spend their free time looking after their son jeffrey.
guest speaker colonel christopher schrieks assumed the position of senior army instructor on december 3, 2019 at the valley central high school. prior to this, he commanded the 44th infantry brigade combat team in the new jersey army national guard.his previous assignments include serving as commander of the 50th military engagement team (met) which he assumed in june 2014. the 50th met conducted military to military engagements throughout the area of responsibility; executive officer 50th ibct; s3 50th ibct; commander 50th bstb during operation iraqi freedom; commander 2-102 armor, executive officer 2-102 armor, team leader 404th civil affairs battalion during operation iraqi freedom, s3 2-102 armor; liaison officer 50th bde 42nd div; company commander c/2-102 armor and scout and armor platoon leader.his military education includes armor officer basic and advanced course, scout platoon leaders course, infantry officer advanced course, combined arms and service staff school, command and general staff course, brigade special troops battalion pre-command course, brigade commander pre-command course and the united states army war college.he received his commission through state officer candidate school. he earned a bachelor of science degree from st. thomas aquinas college in criminal justice. he later earned a master’s degree in strategic from the usawc.he is also a retired police captain having served 26 years with the lodi new jersey police department and has held leadership positions within the department including assistant tour commander; tour commander; patrol division commander; detective division commander and internal affairs commander.his many awards and decorations include the legion of merit, (2) bronze star medals, (2) defense meritorious service medals, (2) meritorious service medals, (6) army commendation medals, (2) army achievement medals, (4) component achievement medals, (2) national defense medals, armed forces reserve medal (m device with gold hourglass 4) iragi campaign medal, gwote, gwots, meritorious unit commendation, joint meritorious unit commendation, combat action badge and air assault badge. he is also the recipient of the bronze order of st. george. a very impressive list of accomplishments. he is married to his wife linda and they have (3) children melissa, erin and christopher.




on monday, may 6th, the maybrook fire department presented an “appreciation award” to the maybrook troop 236 scouts!scoutmaster bill giannico and scoutmaster emeritus jim barnett received the award on behalf of the maybrook troop 236 scouts.
womens_summer-softball_registration-2024download
the maybrook alternative learning center (alc) hosted career day on tuesday, april 30th.mayor dennis leahy and maybrook police officer/ school resource officer (sro) ricky maldonado were in attendance and met with the kids!
on friday, april 26th, the maybrook fire department hosted their annual installation of officers and awards banquet.maybrook fd chief patrick romanik, assistant chief ed protsko and commissioner michael jaray presented mayor dennis leahy and the village board of trustees and appreciation award on behalf of the maybrook fire department.congratulations to men and women of the maybrook fire department who received awards for their service and dedication to the maybrook fire district. thank you for your service to your community! 
·         
on sunday, april 21,2024, the maybrook troop 236 scouts hosted an eagle court of honor for dominic (dj) marino.dj marino is the eighty-ninth eagle scout of the maybrook troop 236 scouting program!dj’s eagle project involved painting 12 fire hydrants along tower avenue in maybrook. he did this just before the annual memorial day parade, which is along the parade route. he chose this project to enhance the parade route and honor the men and women in the military who march in this parade.we thank dj for choosing the village of maybrook for his eagle scout project!congratulations to dj marino and his family on this special occasion in achieving the rank of eagle scout.congratulations to scoutmaster bill gianico, jim barnett and abby williams for their continued support of youth in our community!
l to r: mayor dennis leahy, dominic (dj) marino, deputy mayor charles woznick



the maybrook troop 236 scout band marching in the 85th greek independence day parade in new york city on sunday,april 14th!
village of maybrook (l to r) deputy mayor charles woznick, mayor dennis leahy and trustee daryl capozzoli sworn into office monday, april 8, 2024 by village clerk/treasurer david griffith
on monday, march 25, 2024, the maybrook golden links president marie lown presented a certificate of appreciation award to mayor dennis leahy and the village of maybrook board of trustees for their continued support of the maybrook golden links!the maybrook golden links are a very special group of seniors in our village and we are so happy to have them.thank you president marie lown and the maybrook golden links board for the hard work that goes into planning events and maintaining this organization for the seniors in our community!

the village of maybrook “easter egg drive thru” was a very nice turnout!we thank all of our sponsors for their support of this youth event!village of maybrook mayor dennis leahy and the village of maybrook board of trusteesmontgomery overall servicewallkill valley federal savings and loanwalden savings bankformer maybrook trustee jim barnettthe maybrook police departmentthe maybrook fire departmentshopritefred farahvashi and the lego clubhappy easter to all!


the weather didn’t turn out like everyone hoped for the montgomery st pat’s ramble parade. a lot of planning goes into planning an outdoor event and unfortunately we have no control of the weather.thank you to the st pat’s ramble committee for their hard work to plan this event!the village of maybrook participated and made it through the rain!


isabella giannico is the 88th eagle scout of maybrook troop 236 scouting program!isabella’s eagle project involved restaining all of the playground equipment in the danny myer memorial park.the village of maybrook appreciates isabella for choosing her eagle scout project in our village.tonight was a proud moment for isabella and her family.congratulations isabella on your amazing achievement and we wish you all the best in future endeavors!
congratulations village of maybrook resident elizabeth zeficounty executive neuhaus presents elizabeth zefi with citizen of the month award for marchzefi recognized for her leadership and volunteerismgoshen, n.y. – orange county executive steven m. neuhaus has named maybrook resident elizabeth zefi as march’s citizen of the month award recipient.zefi, a senior at valley central high school in montgomery, was honored for her leadership and her volunteer work. zefi has gained both leadership and volunteer experience through her involvement in multiple organizations, including girl scouts of america, the american red cross (blood program leader), the orange county youth bureau youth advisory board (president), the board of education (student representative), student government association (secretary), and national honor society (dean). last july, zefi attended both the marist college summer pre-college program in business and the mercy college summer leadership academy. she also interns for assemblyman brian maher.in addition, zefi has received the new york state seal of biliteracy in italian and spanish, the girl scout gold, silver, and bronze awards, and the president’s volunteer service award. she also maintains top grades at school and is awaiting college acceptance letters before deciding where to head in the fall.“elizabeth’s active and engaged leadership roles within various organizations in her community is wonderful. she is a great example to her peers that being involved and participating in your school and community is a win/win endeavor.”  neuhaus said. “not only is elizabeth learning useful, lifelong skills, but she is also making friends and meeting mentors while contributing her own skills to the groups to which she dedicates her time,” neuhaus added.  zefi is the daughter of immigrants; her father is from albania and her mother is from italy. the couple came to the united states in the early 2000s. both of elizabeth’s parents were small business owners; her mother had an italian deli where she would take elizabeth as a first grader, sometimes quite early in the morning. her father owned a construction company and zefi said, “he has been very successful in his career in america. while his success may not be millions of dollars, it seems like it is for us, as we know how hard he and my mother had to work in a new country.”zefi has been very involved with the orange county youth bureau, currently serving as president of the youth advisory board. she represented the county’s youth at the association of nys youth bureaus’ annual youth leadership forum and legislative day. zefi advocated to the senate and assembly representatives for the value of positive youth development programs.neuhaus summed up, “i know elizabeth will benefit from her experiences as a volunteer and leader here in orange county and she will be an asset to whatever schools or organizations she chooses in the future. it was a pleasure meeting with elizabeth and her family, and i look forward to hearing about the awesome things she will go on to do.”  
the maybrook troop 236 scout band continued their st. patrick’s parade tour this weekend performing in white plains, peekskill and mahopac!look for them at upcoming parades on sunday, march 17th they will be performing in the hamlet of wallkill and on saturday, march 23rd at the montgomery st pat’s ramble parade!

the maybrook troop 236 scout band kicked off the st. patrick’s parade season in the dutchess county st patrick’s day parade in wappingers falls today! 
congratulations to village of maybrook police officer dylan leahy. officer leahy completed his police academy training and graduated on february 2, 2024. the village of maybrook mayor dennis leahy and village of maybrook board of trustees wished him well and congratulated him at the village board meeting on february 12, 2024. 
there is additional parking behind the david weiss park at the end of rakov rd. for residents if needed.
the village is aware of an increase in the use atv’s in the village. this includes on private property as well as county, state and village. as such, this is a one-time courtesy warning to those who own atv’s. we are developing a pro-enforcement zero tolerance plan. this will include the issuance of summonses as well as the seizure of these vehicles when appropriate.https://ecode360.com/10858200 please consider this message as a one-time courtesy advisory – mayor dennis leahy


mayor dennis k. leahy



















community info appwhat can we help you find?

search for:



pay water & sewerquick linksrefuse and recycling
annual drinking water report
village board meeting calendar 2025
maybrook 2025 event calendar
maybrook board of trustees meeting agendas
maybrook board of trustees meeting minutes
maybrook planning board
zoning board of appeals agenda
town of montgomery local law no. 4-2006 vehicles, all-terrain
orange county hazard mitigation plan update 2024
pay court fines we accept:  cash, credit cards  ( 3.5% fee will be applied in addition to fine ) or money orders may be
mailed or placed in drop box by front door.
pay by phone: 1- 888 – 912-1541 you will be charged a convenience fee when using this option
pague via telefono o internet

 









facebook




rss


2020 village of maybrook.  all rights reserved.to report website problems, please contact info@casstechnologyco.com
 














