


drive thru wedding ceremony at wedding bell chapel, pigeon forge tennessee tn


























"best of pigeon forge" award winner









865-228-5014


























special discounts available
mention our website and receive one free photograph!








































looking for a fast and fun way to get married or renew your wedding vows? our wedding bell chapel drive thru ceremony offers a truly unique & memorable experience you're sure to enjoy!











also included is a free "just married" or "just remarried sign.



























whether you're
						getting married...













or renewing your vows....








we can help make your special day fun and exciting! 
						what a great experience to tell your friends and family about. 
						they'll have a hard time topping this one!












































let's just do it! - $99.00
												ceremony only
												no photographs



























baby bear - $109.00
												ceremony and 5x7 photograph

























mama bear -
															$114.00
															ceremony and
															8x10 photograph





























frequently asked questions















papa bear- $119.00
** best value **
												ceremony and combo photographs
												(3 wallets and 2 4x6's)



















q: how does the drive thru work?
						a: you will pull up to the chapel in your vehicle. our church-ordained minister will then perform the ceremony while you remain seated in your vehicle. you may also step out of your vehicle and get married standing in front of the chapel.
q: how long does the ceremony last?
						a: about 3 to 4 minutes.
q: how are photographs done and when will i get them?
						a: we take digital photographs after the ceremony and process them immediately so you will have them to take home with you.
q: what do i need to bring with me to do this?
						a: for a marriage ceremony you will need to bring your tennessee marriage license, which you can get from the courthouse monday through saturday. after the ceremony, our minister will sign your license, which makes it official; we will then file it with the courthouse, which makes it legal in all states and countries.
q: what if i just want to renew my marriage vows?
						a: choose which package you would like, pull up to the window, and let us know. you do not need your marriage license or any other legal papers. the ceremony lasts about 4 or 5 minutes.  visit here to see all of our available packages.
q: do i need to make an appointment for the drive thru ceremony?
						a: reservations are suggested, but not required, moreso for your convenience than ours. we do take walk-ins, but you would be scheduled around our customers who have already made reservations; then you may have to wait or come back later.
q: what are your hours of operation?
						a: we are available 7 day' a week. please call for a reservation time. 















































reservation policy









payment in full is expected at the time of booking your reservation on all other packages. prices do not include tax.
* we accept master card, visa, and money orders. sorry, we do not accept personal checks.









cancellation policy









due to the nature of our scheduling and limited available times, all deposits are non-refundable. they can, however, be applied in full to another date, are transferable to another person, or can be used for renewals or a picture package session with our professional photographer. on a case-by-case basis, in rare instances, a refund may be issued at our sole discretion.

									however, if for any reason (sickness, job, etc.) you cannot make it for your wedding, just give us a call and you have up to one year to reschedule your wedding at no additional charge so you don't lose your deposit whatsoever.


























wedding bell chapel offers many types of wedding services and wedding packages.  click here for more information.









questions??  email us here!









2008 "best of pigeon forge" award winner









www.drivethruidos.com
contact us today!
865-228-5014
pigeon forge, tennessee ~ great smoky mountains


















when looking to have a fun and affordable wedding, look no further than drive thru i do's in pigeon forge, tennessee.  forget the " cheap wedding " and choose a unique way to say i do or i love you, again, with a drive thru wedding ceremony or vow renewal ceremony by wedding bell chapel.













 
 










