



artistic villas – villas & apartment rentals on the island of st. john, usvi




























































welcome to artistic villas340 776 6420800 253 7107info@artisticvillas.com











home
the villas
villa map
concierge
villa comparison
rates & inquiries
recycling
vehicles
about us
about st. john
the studio
 

buy now
 




✕















 













welcome to artistic villas
donald & deborah schnell have brought the experience of over forty years of saint john living to the creation and decoration of their villas. donald & deborah have made st. john their home since 1975 and have raised their three children – abigail, lucas & michael – here.  the family has expanded to three wonderful grandchildren—gisella, olivia and thomas. donald & deborah combine elements of their trips to italy and europe with traditional, island caribbean villas for a uniquely perfect vacation experience. donald’s studio creates ceramic lighting and offers lighting, design & decorating consultation to all the finest resorts in the caribbean, and he brings all these elements to their villas. originally from michigan, donald attended graduate school at the university of chicago where deborah was a pediatric nurse.villaschoose from a variety of sizes and styles.

the beach villa
artistic & architectural stone masterpiece on the beach, the beach villa is for everyone who has ever dreamed of the ultimate island experience.
additional informationcall now

the beach estate
breezy tradewinds waft through this very private, traditional, caribbean island villa with a beach
additional informationcall now

ocean garden
a traditional caribbean villa nestled in a hillside garden, ocean garden overlooks chocolate hole bay on the south shore of st. john.
additional informationcall now


amore loft apartment
the amore loft apartment is located in the heart of love city, st. john!
additional informationcall now

amore loft suite
the amore loft suite is located in the heart of love city, st. john!
additional informationcall now

amore loft studio
affordability meets luxury in the new, in-town amore loft studio just steps to the restaurants, bars, dive shops and shopping of cruz bay located on the upper level of the amore center.
additional informationcall now
book your stay with us this seasoncontact us
we had five couples vacationing together for a week. we planned a couple of outings, but spent most of the week just relaxing around the villa. everything for a perfect vacation is right there! we enjoyed every second of our stay and recommend the beach villa for the views, house, pool, hot tub, beach, walk-out to the ocean, and terrific hosts.satisfied customer


















contact

artistic villas™st. john, united states virgin islands.an american paradise.

340 776 6420

800 253 7107

info@artisticvillas.com







                copyright @ 2025 donald schnell, all rights reserved.              








































