






in the face of evil | reagan's war in word and deed











































home
in the face of evil







select page


  
 



 



 











in theface of evil
reagan’s war in word and deed

“you and i have a rendezvous with destiny… we must act today in order to preserve tomorrow.” 
– ronald reagan






the film



the film makers



news



merchandise












available onvimeo on demand & dvd

rent $7.99

buy $15.99

buy $19.95













on the 20th anniversary of in the face of evil: reagan’s war in word and deed, we find america being challenged throughout the world by terrorists, extremists, rogue nations and politically unstable countries. we are jumping from one world crisis to another. how do you combat that? courage … to not be swayed by his critics on the left or the right. courage … to stand by his principles and do what he believed was right. courage … to stand up to tyranny.
with an audience score of 87%, americans of any political persuasion will find something they like in this movie.







a brilliant effort… extremely well done.
– rush limbaugh

“[a] powerful portrayal of a critical point in history that exposes the intensity of the struggle against communism and president reagan’s campaign for victory. as someone who had lived these times, i was very moved by the detail and emotion… brought out on film. the lessons of our struggle against the evil empire are more relevant than ever in regards to the conflict of today’s world.” 
– lech walesa, nobel laureate, and former president of poland

“a film of unusual scope and richness that clarifies the present struggle against terrorism as a continuation of the last century’s war against totalitarianism.”
– the liberty film festival after ranking the film the best documentary of 2004

























more than a traditional war film, in the face of evil plays out on an epic scale… from the back-lots of hollywood, to the jungles of central america; from the mountains of afghanistan, to the palaces of the kremlin; to the brandenburg gate in the heart of a divided berlin…
in the face of evil details, for the first time, with never-before-seen footage, the top-secret plans of reagan and his inner circle… and their brick-by-brick takedown of the “evil empire.”
with the world mired in the beginnings of a new global conflict, in the face of evil is more relevant today than ever. the film affords profound insights on the brutality of the last century and offers a prism through which we can gain perspective on the bloody conflicts that stretch ahead.
as the 21st century’s great conflict between freedom and islamic fascism takes shape, in the face of evil, and the words and deeds of ronald reagan, provide an invaluable lesson for how the u.s., and the free world, must combat the forces of evil… if we are to survive.







the film makers











timothy j. watkins
producer





stephen k. bannon
writer/director/producer







peter schweizer
executive producer





julia jones
writer







news









20th anniversary of the release of in the face of evil
to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the release of in the face of evil, tim watkins, the film’s producer and co-director, will appear on steve bannon’s “war room” podcast on 02/21/2024.















merchandise









available onvimeo on demand & dvd





rent $7.99



buy $15.99






buy $19.95







american vantage media & non fiction films presentsa leo mcwatkins film and bannon filmsproduction based on peter schweizer’s book “reagan’s war”written by stephen k. bannon and julia jonesproduced by tim watkins and stephen k. bannondirected by stephen k. bannon and tim watkins
to learn more visit reaganfoundation.org



 







archivesno archives to show.categoriesno categories 






facebook




x




instagram




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 















