







quality paint - paint distributor - knights paint










































































































              home
            

            architectural
          

            automotive
          

            spray equipment
          

            wood finishes
          

            msds
          

            contact us
          





















































homearchitecturalautomotivespray equipmentwood finishesmsdscontact us


















scroll








 knight’s paintyour total paint distributor











knight’s paintborn in northern california in 1938, knight's paint has grown to be one of the most dynamic suppliers of top-quality coatings available on the market. we are a total paint distributor. we have a complete line of automotive, industrial and architectural (house paint) coatings. in addition to that, we also have every product imaginable to get the job done quickly and easily. most importantly, though, we have dozens of highly trained and experienced people to answer your questions and get you the right stuff the first time. in this time when 'customer service" means nothing to most businesses and you're left to 'figure it out for yourself', you will be very surprised at our level of product knowledge and helpfulness.our history with automotive coatings also stretches back to the middle of the 20th century. we currently supply many of the collision repair shops in the markets we serve with the most advanced products available from axalta coatings. with top brands like cromax (dupont), spies-hecker and standox we have encouraged our body shop customers to use more environmentally sound products even in areas where they are not required. we excel at helping our collision customers make their businesses more efficient and profitable.




























architectural paint










automotive paint










spray equipment










wood finishes













benjamin moorewe have been dealers of top-quality benjamin moore paints since the 1950's. all of our architectural stores are benjamin moore signature stores. they include a large color studio with natural light for you to spread out and choose one of 4000 of benjamin moore's coveted colors. benjamin moore is known as one of the most innovative, durable and technically advanced paint companies in north america. additionally, most products are zero or low-v.o.c. which limits the impact on your health and the environment. these newer formulations actually hide better and outperform old conventional paints.








 see our benjamin moore website at




    www.knightspaintinc.com
  











header



content



gallery



benjamin moore



bm header














2024 - knight’s paintwebsite by sundial design










