
  



alico, inc. (alco)

























 





















            alico land management        



            interactive map        


















welcome


about


leadership


history


alico land management and other operations


community partnership




careers


sustainability


investors


overview


news / events


company info


financial info


stock data


sec filings


 governance


dividend history


direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment




news


contact


 menu





 



home










the prime asset - 54,000 acres of land 

major landowner 













over 49,000 acres of productive agricultural land

one of florida’s largest 













culture of conservation

committed to environmental stewardship 








previousnext


123























alico agriculture
















alico land management and other operations
development stage: 5,000 alico ranch acres.






learn more









interactive map

a hands-on look at our property holdings in eight florida counties.







learn more











significant agriculture resources


strategically transitioning from citrus to other agricultural products. 









real estate management


alico owns and manages approximately 54,000 acres devoted to farming, conservation, natural resources, and targeted real estate development. 









conservation and stewardship


alico land management and other operations segment continues our practice of responsible resource management. we create results, profitability and shareholder return without sacrificing our tradition of land/resource stewardship. 









interactive property map


a hands-on look at our property holdings in eight florida counties. the interactive maps provide information on uses of each parcel and assessed property values via links to property appraisers. 










stay up to date

latest news










alico, inc. announces financial results for the first quarter ended december 31, 2024



feb 12, 2025


												

land management and other operations revenue increased 45% compared to prior year  robust liquidity position with $73.5 million in available credit facilities and no significant debt maturities until 2029 …												
read more







alico, inc. to announce first quarter 2025 financial results on wednesday, february 12, 2025



jan 29, 2025


												

fort myers, fla., jan.  29, 2025  (globe newswire) -- alico, inc. (“alico” or the “company”) (nasdaq: alco) today announced that the company will release financial results for the first quarter ended december…												
read more

















54,000 managed

acres








49,000 agricultural

acres








6.4 million

citrus boxes in 2021











interactive map






a hands-on look at our property holdings in eight florida counties. the interactive maps provide information on uses of each parcel and assessed property values via links to property appraisers. 


view map













our company


alico is an agribusiness with a legacy of achievement and innovation in agriculture and conservation. the company owns approximately 54,000 acres of land across eight florida counties. its businesses focus on operating agricultural lands, land conservation and leasing, and real estate development. 









the mission...


is to create value for our customers, clients and shareholders by opportunistically seeking new holdings; managing company lands to their highest and best returns; and producing high-quality agricultural products while exercising responsible environmental stewardship, all led by a seasoned, results-driven management team. 










copyright © 2006-2025 alico, inc. all rights reserved.











































scroll to top

