





learn about the bible – bible student study resource






























skip to content





learn about the bible
bible student study resource



home
bible lessons
verses by subject
links
contact us
 














 



				november 22, 2018			
the golden thread 


there is a golden thread that runs through the bible. it starts in the first chapter of genesis and runs through the entire bible,…






 



				august 18, 2020			
why is there a resurrection? 


the biblical subject of the resurrection is a mystery to many christians.  maybe not the fact jesus was raised, but rather, why do we…






 



				february 21, 2019			
why is everything in the bible a mystery? 


my mother-in-law mentioned one time that some priests seem to answer every question they are asked with the cliche “it’s a mystery my child”…






 



				january 9, 2019			
thy kingdom come 


when you get on your knees and say your prayers, you are used to saying saying several sentences.  one of those sentences is “thy…






 



				november 23, 2018			
does god align himself with nations? 


are you with us, or against us.   in the beginning of the book of joshua, we have an interesting example of the commander of…






 



				november 22, 2018			
will i go to heaven when i die? 


will i go to heaven when i die?  does anyone go to heaven when they die? many people question whether they really will go to…






 



				november 22, 2018			
what really happened when god closed the red sea on the egyptians? 


when god closed the red sea on the egyptians, he also caused lightning, torrential rain, high winds, earthquakes and much more…   introduction the…






 



				november 22, 2018			
does hell really exist? 


is there a place where the damned live in eternal agony in searing flames?  is there a place ruled over by an immortal, eternal…






 



				november 22, 2018			
the angels – what do we know about them? 


there’s a lot of misinformation about angels.  who they are, what they do and the very characteristics of their bodies which are very different from us….






 



				november 22, 2018			
the key to understanding the bible 


god’s offer of eternal life is available to all of us, if only we would search him out. people seek for life. when faced with disease,…









search for:





recent posts


why is there a resurrection?


why is everything in the bible a mystery?


thy kingdom come


does god align himself with nations?


will i go to heaven when i die?


archives

august 2020
may 2019
february 2019
january 2019
november 2018

categories

bible lessons

blog

links and resources

questions

topical bible

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org








	copyright learn about the bible. all rights reserved.	

		 | powered by  wordpress & writers blogily theme








php code snippets powered by : xyzscripts.com







