reliable cheap web hosting | elite hosts | reliable web hosting support@elitehosts.comweb hosting blog: archivesupportlive chatabout uslogin  elite hostsreliable we hostingmenuhomeshared hostingresellersvps serversdedicated serversorder nowweb hosting blogtutorials reliable web hostingover 15 years providing an outstanding web hosting experience with excellent technical support  get started for only $5.95/month* outstanding features to build your project   experience you can trust our staff is made up of experienced programmers, system administrators and engineers who have designed our web hosting architecture from the ground up to provide the best possible experience for our customers.   personal & family hosting whether you are posting your latest job resume, uploading your family photos, or simply running your personal blog our hosting plans will give you all the features you need. and, most importantly the tech support you need.   reseller hosting our reseller web hosting plans enable you start and run your own web hosting company. you don’t need any technical or system administrative skills – we manage all of our servers. all of our hosting packages include cpanel and whm.   free virus spam all of our web hosting accounts include free virus and spam filtering on all email accounts. we know that your time is valuable – our software deletes incoming spam emails so that you don’t have to!   100% satisfaction guaranteed 30 day money back guarantee. we are confident that you will enjoy the services we provide. however, if within 30 days of placing your order, you are not 100% satisfied, we will issue a refund to your account.   rock solid customer support our reliable web hosting services are designed to be up 24x7x365 without question. every part of our network, datacenter and web hosting services has been designed by experienced engineers to ensure that you never have to wonder if your website is up.pricing plans starting as low as $6.95/month*  features  $   49   per month   disk space   bandwidth   domains allowed   24/7/365 support   99.9% uptime guarantee   get started  starter  $   6.95   /mo*   unlimited   unlimited   2 hosted domains     get started!  basic  $   11.95   /mo*   unlimited   unlimited   5 hosted domains     get started!  advanced  $   21.95   /mo*   unlimited   unlimited   unlimited     get started!  cloud vps  $   41.64   /mo*   2 x vcpu   4gb ram   60gb nvme   5tb bandwidth    fully managed    cpanel /whm   check all offers!   i have been using elite hosts, inc. for a few years now and they are the best. the reliability has been superb. if ever i have a problem, just a quick email and i receive a rapid response and appropriate action. i really appreciate the attention to customer service provided by elite hosts, inc. i would highly recommend their services to others.  m. swedelson -   our reseller web hosting plans enable you to start and run your own web hosting company.  you don't need any technical or system administration skills - we manage all of our servers. our hosting packages include cpanel and whm which allow you to manage every aspect of your hosting account and your customer's accounts. compare pricing plans  *special introductory offer for new clientsthe promotional price is for the first term only and plans renew at the regular rate. your satisfaction is our top priority and we’re confident you’ll be pleased with our services. still, if you try us and decide your account does not sufficiently meet your needs, you can cancel within 30 days for a refund as follows.if you cancel within 30 days you receive a full refund on your hosting service only. the money-back guarantee does not apply to most add-on products, such as domains, given the unique nature of their costs.if you cancel within 30 days and your plan includes a free domain, elite hosts will deduct a non-refundable domain fee from your refund. this not only covers our costs, but ensures that you won’t lose your domain name. you may transfer it to another registrar or simply point it elsewhere at your convenience. please note newly registered domains cannot be transferred to another registrar during the first 60 days of the registration period. you retain ownership of your domain until the end of its registration period unless you renew it. closemain menuhomeshared hostingresellersvps serversdedicated serversorder nowweb hosting blogtutorialse-commerce hostinge-commerce hostingmagento hostingopencart hostingoscommerce hostingwoocommerce hostingzen cart hostingweb hostingwordpress hostingreseller hostingmagento hostingdomain whois privacycms & blog hostingwordpress hostingjoomla hostingdrupal hostingserendipity hostingopen blog hostingrvsitebuilderproject hostingproject management hostingeyeos hostingqdpm hostingcollabtive hostingfeng office hostingweb hosting battlesdrupal vs joomlamagento vs prestashopmagento vs open cartvbulletin vs xenforowordpress vs joomlacompanyterms of serviceusage policyprivacy policytestimonialsweb hosting blogabout uscopyright © 2025 elite hosts. all rights reserved ×  




