











;
    





computer, laptop, mac & ipad for rent in los angeles - computer rentals































 














technology rentals
 
(877) 738-3246


get a quote














                                    100’s of apple products in stock & available for rent
support business events and production teams with portable rental technology
rent today, get it tomorrow.


get your free quote!






                                    rent high-powered desktop computers
from fx editing to gaming computers
we have the performance equipment powerful enough to handle any task.@@@@


get your free quote






                                    tradeshows & event technology
the latest ipads, iphones and 5g hotspots for your tradeshows & events


get your free quote






                                    customized laptops & computers for rent
pc desktops – mac pro – imac – macbook pro
full-range of office equipment for rent to support your business


get your free quote










5g wifi hotspot features
connect as many as 30 devices or more to improve your wifi speed, whether you’re a business office that needs a temporary wifi solution, or an event that requires safe, secure, and fast internet for pos and check-ins.












ipad rental







phone rentals







laptop rentals







5g hotspot












providing businesses with state-of-the-art technology rentals for over 25 years!
 
for over 25 years computer rentals has helped businesses with short and long-term rentals to supplement their projects and business needs. we offer a vast selection of rental technology solutions. perfect for events, conferences, day-to-day business tasks, or creative projects, we work with you to customize a solution for your specific needs.
our experts are well-versed on what technology is best for every circumstance. we’ll advise you on the number of devices you’ll need, the apps you’ll want to pre-load, and the ways to ensure your event or project goes off without a tech hiccup. plus, with same-day delivery in the los angeles area and expedited shipping throughout the united states, you’ll be up and running in no time. let’s get started.








 


 
				elizabeth g.			




				etech is my go to for all our macbook rental needs. great service and great rates could not recommend enough!			
 2/13/2025
 



 
				eddie k.			




				been using etech for all of my electronic rentals for the past two years.  great service and amazing prices.  one stop rentals for all your needs.			
 12/30/2024
 



 
				ryan w.			




				5 star service! i don’t frequently leave reviews but wanted to take the chance to praise etech rentals. easy smooth ordering process, prompt on time delivery, excellent tech support, and great communication.

we had a festival over the course of a weekend and i was having trouble connecting our ipads to the square readers we’d purchased. after hours on support with square, i called etech’s support to see if perhaps it was the ipad. they noted they’d received several calls about the same and had an idea or solution for me. there advice worked and required me to do 1 ipad at a time to fix it and steve with tech support helped with each last ipad until all 12 were at 100%.

i am very grateful for steve and the great customer service from the etech team entire. highly recommend.			
 10/08/2024
 


 


 
				janet j.			




				i rented pos equipment from this business.  they were extremely helpful showing me how to set it up and use it.  everything went smoothly and worked perfectly.  i highly recommend etech rentals!			
 5/29/2024
 



 
				candace w.			




				thank you milko!  appreciate your excellent customer service and great prices!  etech rentals worked with my organization and enabled us to have an awesome show using dependable equipment with lenient returns.  they’re the best!			
 5/23/2024
 



 
				nancye b.			




				i contracted with etech rentals to solve an issue we were having with internet access for a conference.  mike was so easy to work with and the equipment did exactly what we needed it to do!  highly recommend.			
 5/20/2024
 







































































need your rental today?

get your free quote











rentals

imac rentals
ipad rentals
iphone pro max rentals
macbook pro rentals
mac pro rentals
5g hotspot rentals
android phone rental
pc laptop rentals
pc desktop rentals
 


program

get a quote
privacy policy
sitemap
 


contact us

(877) 738-3246
15164 stagg st
van nuys, ca 91405
info@etechrentals.com




















 

 technology rentals
imac rentalsipad pro rentalsiphone pro max rentalsmacbook pro rentalsmac pro rentals5g hotspot rentalsandroid phone rentalspc laptop rentalspc desktop rentals 
 contact us  orange county
ipad rentals orange countyiphone rentals orange county 
 




















