


yet another journal













nostalgia, dvds, old movies, television, otr, fandom, good news and bad, picks, pans,cute budgie stories, cute terrier stories, and anything else i can think of. contact me at theyoungfamily (at) earthlink (dot) net.  .  .  .  ..  .  .  .  .
 




 
 
» thursday, january 30, 2025
    
   
       long day's journey into long days and longer nights
   
	

 i've been blogging much longer than i've ever been on social media, but those little dribs and drabs of posts are so much easier when you've been busy with other things, whether health chores and household duties and just wanting to write, so i was hoping i could make a resolution that i would write at least once a week in this blog and keep up with it, not just dump three to five posts at a time in a racing game of "catchup."january 2025 has punched us both in the face, but it's james that took the brunt.back in december he started to complain about feeling irritated in the groin area. i duly examined him, both back and front, several times. he does tend to get little fungal infections where the flesh of his abdomen meets the flesh of his thighs, and we keep miconazole powder in the house for that problem. it usually clears up little skin fissures or reddened, sticky skin in two to four days. but i didn't see any signs of skin fissure down in the areas he indicated; i examined very slowly and carefully. there was no redness, no swelling, no open sores, and no pain. since james has mobility problems, i'm the one who cleans up down there nightly, and i kept on the lookout for redness/swelling/abraded skin or open sores.he finally got on kaiser mid-december to get an appointment to get it looked at, but of course that wouldn't be until mid-january.in the meantime we just kept racing to get him that "cement" procedure on his fractured vertebrae and arrange physical therapy afterwards and him getting to dialysis three days a week, just run, run, run to doctors' appointments and when we weren't doing that we were staying home because we were both just so damn tired. we missed christmas dinner because dialysis two days in a row made him sick; the only nice day we had was going out to canton on the 26th for books and pizza.on new year's day i notice he had a small lump on his backside under the skin, about the size of a big green olive but elongated. again, it wasn't red, swollen, abraded, and not particularly painful, but he could feel that i was touching it. we agreed we had to mention it to dr. mobley. i kept checking it every night and it wasn't getting larger.on january 4, he had blood in his urine. of course, we thought, he's got another uti. we went to urgent care on sunday the 5th. james had no signs of uti that day—his urine was even yellow again, although with doing the intermittent catherization, it's never very clear and often had an odd smell. we were told that was common in both ic and with him having dialysis because he's on a restricted fluid intake.that was the shortest time we had ever been in urgent care! they did a urine test, gave him oral antibiotics rather than an iv as they almost always do, and also gave him some pain medication due to the "uti" making him uncomfortable. i did show the doctor the olive-sized lump near his right buttock. the doctor replied that it was probably a small abscess and that the antibiotics (four big pills a day for ten days) should take care of it.we stopped for ice cream on the way home and the cashier saw my "unapologetic fanfic writer" magnet on the driver's side door and since there were no other customers, yakked a minute or two about fanfic. she was a supernatural fan and i recommended a story to her.that was the last nice thing i remember happening.to get the urine sample for the uti test at urgent care, i had brought along an unwrapped catheter and lube. the doctor at uc let me take the sample after i'd washed my hands and put on gloves and used the wipes. i noticed that i had a little trouble getting the catheter in, but thought it was the angle james was sitting on the stretcher.when i went to cath him that evening, however, and when i washed him, i noticed with some dismay that his scrotum was swollen. i told him about it, and he said he had noticed some discomfort. he had dialysis the next day, and i told him the moment he was finished, we needed to head back to urgent care. he agreed.about two minutes later he asked me to rinse him off quick; his legs were feeling a bit wobbly. i did, he took one step out of the shower, but his left leg would not follow after his right. i tried to hold him up, but instead he slipped down, in a very painful looking crouch, with his poor crotch ending up on the doorstop on the shower compartment.i lost it completely. i was so hysterical on the phone the 911 operator had to tell me to breathe. i could barely talk without my teeth chattering and i was shaking almost too hard to hold the phone. the firemen showed up and somehow one of them got in back of james and one in front and got him out. james said he was okay and sat on the toilet and they left and he finished drying off and successfully limped into bed.about four a.m. he got up to use the toilet and his knees gave out again. the same firemen came. they got james to the end of the bed, and the head officer said, "if this happens again, he needs to go straight to the emergency room."at six a.m. (monday, january 6) i called davita, who basically said that if he couldn't walk he couldn't come in for dialysis and we needed to go to er. we slept a little more and then called kaiser and they said the same thing. so i called for an ambulance and they had to take him out of the bedroom in a little folding chair, then got him on the chair lifts downstairs, then took him on a stretcher to the ambulance. in the meantime i uncovered piper, put the tv on for him, made sure tucker had food, ran him outside while the ambulance drivers took stats and set james up, then packed up some things really fast (we have an emergency room bag with plugs and stuff) and followed them to emory st. joseph. he was in the er most of the day, half asleep, while i repeated what had happened several times, and finally got a room in the evening. they eventually put him on the fifth floor and started pumping him full of antibiotics.this is liable to turn into war and peace if i let it, so suffice it to say james is still in the hospital as i write this and will be for the forseeable future. after a restless day on tuesday, january 7, during which we watched the state viewing for president jimmy carter, james' situation gradually worsened. even though he still had no fever, he started talking off his head, just complaining of pain only and saying nothing else coherent. i was told a serious infection sometimes does this, even without a fever. i could do nothing to comfort him and, indeed, at least once the hospital staff had to call me to see if i could talk him into taking his meds because he was spitting them out.on wednesday evening, as she was cleaning james, one of the nurses discovered something disturbing on the underside of his swollen scrotum and took a photo to call the doctor, who ordered an ultrasound and a ct scan after i left. i had already been worried because i had noticed an odd smell several hours earlier. on thursday, january 9, they transferred him from emory st. joseph to emory decatur because the kaiser specialty urology doctor was located at the decatur location. he was taken to progressive care rather than the icu as st. joe's had ordered, and i was at my wit's end when the nurse said she couldn't find his files. finally about ten o'clock (at night; they had transferred hospitals right in the middle of rush hour and it had taken me an hour to go thirteen miles) the surgeon (dr. chen) came rushing in, demanding to the nurse why james wasn't in icu prepping to go to the operating room because he needed surgery right away. he was pissed off that st. joe's had not noticed what the nurse noticed when he was admitted and why they'd frittered away three days.alice had come over earlier to put piper to bed and give tucker a short walk and do lights out, and i headed home just as they were taking james to the or. i had no way to stay overnight; there wasn't even a recliner and, although i had my heart pill for the night, we were about to get snow and i wouldn't be able to get home.i was "snowbound" at home for two days from three inches and atlanta's abysmal snow prep. i'd like to say i was industrious and took all the christmas decorations down but all i could do for two days was cry and mope around the house. (i finally got the christmas stuff down during the freezing rain day i had to stay home during almost two weeks later.)james was incoherent for pretty much a week and then slowly began getting his senses back. it was so bad at several points they had to restrain him because he was trying to pull his trache tube and even his dialysis ports out. he had one more or foray while he was in icu and had to stay on the breathing tube for two more days after his heart rate spiked and blood pressure dropped after coming back to the room. at the moment he's graduated from icu to a step-down unit and today had another session in the or to remove dead skin from what turned out to be fournier's gangrene. you can look that up yourself; once was enough for me. what do you do about something the doctor tells you is "catastrophic"?pretty much all he can do is lie in bed and be patient and/or in pain. i can't even leave his phone and/or his tablet with him to amuse himself because his right arm is swollen from having ivs stuck in it and, about ten days ago, after i returned from that "freezing rain" day, his left arm swelled up like a stuck pig. supposedly it's from fluid retention because he can't have a full dialysis session, but they really don't know what's happened; he had an ultrasound and a ct scan on it a week ago, and they came around to do another one today, but that was after he left for the or (the ultrasound tech said he would come back). someone—sometimes me, sometimes the nurse—has to feed him, and they have to turn him every two hours because he's basically sitting on his wound and there's no where else to position him. physical therapy has come around and it's scary the way he's weakened from doing really well after the first surgery to two weeks later where he can barely move. i have "homework," too, to smooth his left arm from hand to shoulder in an attempt to "push" the fluid out. he can't even make a fist or grab with that left hand right now.i'm not sick, but the toll is...immense. it's a fifty mile drive round trip, i'm buying gas every five days, traffic is frightening, my car isn't in all that good a shape, and i'm exhausted. by the time i get home i can barely warm up or cook supper and spend a few scant hours with the fids before it's time to go to bed and start the whole rigamarole over again: gobble breakfast, feed and walk tucker, make sure piper is watered and fed and has the television on, and leave. some friends have asked if they can come visit and take me to dinner. i don't know what to say because by the time i get home i'm flat out of energy. i sleep but don't sleep well; two nights ago i woke up disoriented and thinking i was in the hospital but it was all dark and james was missing and i was screaming "where am i? where is my husband? why doesn't someone come when i call?" until i crawled out of bed toward the light coming around the bathroom door (from the nightlight) and realized where i was. my eyes hurt all the time and i can't rest except for the couple hours a night i lose myself in law & order: criminal intent between calling up the hospital to get a nightly report on james (and sometimes get to talk to him).and sometimes it's like he just gets to feeling better when they have to do another procedure and everything starts all over again.but he's back in the room now and not intubated and they say he's doing okay for now and he's even hungry (which he wasn't at all from the 9th to the 19th!).labels: events, health, illness, sickness
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 5:02:00 pm

(3) comments





» monday, december 30, 2024
    
   
       piper
   
	

oliver, as tiny as he was, left a big gap in the household. even as late as thanksgiving, i was still having nightmares about him.one day, checking out pet supplies plus next to the davita bellemeade facility, i heard a familiar sound. having gone into the store once before, i thought they only sold dog and cat supplies, but when i walked to the very rear, there, up over my head, were two small cages with about ten budgies total in them.over the month of december, i was in there once, maybe twice a week. there was a yellow adult female and the rest appeared to be juveniles with baby stripes down to their ceres. there was one problem: i'm 5'2" and these budgies were literally over my head. i wanted to see them close up. but i had three i had my eye on even from my lowly viewpoint: a yellow and olive-green one with very dark wings, a lighter yellow and green one (marked sort of the way bandit had been), and a blue one with a white face. i was avoiding the very last, because i didn't want a budgie that looked so much like oliver. i was worried that my memories of oliver would overwhelm the new bird.finally, today i walked into the store and told the friendly employee who greeted me about my problem. he got permission for me to stand on a store stool and there i could look all those cute little budgie faces in the eye. it was warm and i was wearing my sun hat, and the birds looked a bit askance at it, but none of them was  panicked. i talked to them awhile, and it turned out that the blue one with the white face was the most curious. i was nervous as i paid my bill up front, and talked to the little guy all the way home.i had already scrubbed out the cage and under the cage two weeks earlier. i filled the food and water containers, and then took the little fellow out of his cardboard carry box. he actually sat in my hands for a few minutes and let me scratch him under the chin before i put him in the cage. and then, to start him out on the right foot, i put on some christmas music for him.i said nothing to james until he had gotten to the top of the stairs, then commented, "you might want to check out things to your left." he blinked and looked searchingly at the bookcase, the secretary, the bird cage...and then smiled and said, "well, hi, there!" the bird blinked back.i'd thought about names even before i went to the store. when i got him home, he felt brave enough to pipe up a succession of baby chirps, and i remembered disney's piper, the short about the sanderling chick who learns not to be afraid of the water. what better for this piping fledgling but piper?[later: i'm bringing this one up right. he's already watched law & order, and law & order: criminal intent, and sang along to the theme music!]labels: birds, budgies
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 11:09:00 pm

(4) comments





» sunday, december 29, 2024
    
   
       dialysis blues, lone christmas, and farewell to a president
   
	

 
james had dialysis two days in a row this week. since christmas fell on a wednesday this year, and they obviously didn't want to take the dialysis patients away from their own celebrations, they scheduled james for monday and tuesday dialysis. monday went fine. i bought last minute foods at kroger and made gravy with boneless pork ribs for christmas eve dinner. james watched landman and battlebots on his tablet.tuesday seemed to go as well. james had dialysis. i did some last-minute grocery shopping. we had spaghetti and pork ribs and watched the homecoming and some of midnight mass.we had plans with friends for christmas which went down the drain on wednesday morning. after making and eating breakfast and post gift opening, james suddenly got lightheaded and giddy. it happened twice. his blood pressure was something like 83 over 45. i looked it up and this often happens after consecutive dialysis sessions. so we rustled the emergency turkey out of the freezer, paired it with yukon gold potatoes, and a cucumber salad, and had a christmas dinner on our own after giving james some salt and more liquid, and we both had a nap. then we watched this year's call the midwife special, which was fabulous; there were several intertwined plotlines, including a tense but sweet incident involving reggie, the young man with down syndrome.before bed, it was time for the house without a christmas tree. a quiet ending to a quiet day.thursday we had a better day: james was feeling much better and we drove out to books-a-million and then had lunch at brooklyn joe's. we got a large pizza and once again brought half home. [later: we had it as another meal several days later.] on the way home we stopped at barnes & noble.early friday morning we got a call from davita. they were shortstaffed and couldn't accommodate james at bellemeade that day. they had found a seat for james either that afternoon in hiram at three or saturday in douglasville at 10:15. we chose hiram even though it was a chilly, wet day because douglasville was just too far to drive. however, getting there at three meant james wouldn't be out any earlier than 6:30. it's only fourteen miles, but it would be in the dark. i wasn't driving back that distance in the dark. driving the two miles to the one near the house had been bad enough. so i basically packed up the laptop and planned to spend most of my time in the lobby waiting for james.we got there and they were slammed. two ambulances delivered patients that they weren't ready for yet. one of the ambulances would have to wait until 3:45 and they were expected in douglasville at 4 p.m. and the driver was fit to be tied. anyway, after 45 minutes they finally called james back.i took the truck back down a mile and gassed up at sam's club. i have never seen that sam's gas station when it wasn't five to eight cars deep at each pump! today, only ones and twos--maybe the damp, chilly weather? next i went to the next shopping center over, got some candy and a cool gift at five below, then went to michael's.if you're not looking for anything on clearance after christmas, michael's has to be the most depressing place on earth. i did get james a storage box. went next door to petsmart to get cheered up only to find all their budgies gone and one poor little lone conure left; i feel bad that i didn't stay longer and keep him company.finally i bit the bullet and went to walmart because i was out of yogurt soon, then went back to davita. the hiram location is in an area with all doctors' and dentists' offices (except for a gym) and parking was wide open.the waiting area at the hiram davita had a lot comfier chairs, at least (bellemeade has nasty bucket chairs). they had a sofa, but there was no electrical plug at either end, and my laptop is old enough that the battery only lasts about an hour. there was a plug at a chair next to the christmas tree, so i sat there. (no one turned on the christmas tree, either, so i did that, too!)james got home way after seven, at which time it was raining lightly. we stopped by dragon 168 and had chinese for dinner.on saturday we didn't do a blessed thing except i made a meat sauce so we could have spaghetti for dinner and tucker got his two daily walks. watched season one of law & order on hulu (this began on december 16 and i've been looking forward to it, because as many times as i've seen the show on usa, wetv, pop, bbc america, and sundance, i've never seen them in order and, indeed, have actually never seen some episodes at all, as first season proved), and then the final three episodes of bull. i liked this series pretty well; it was enjoyable watching most of the characters grow and change, especially chunk and dani and taylor. jason bull himself wasn't the most likeable character, but michael weatherly made him fun to watch. my absolute favorite character in the series was geneva carr's marissa morgan. it was nice to see her get her due in the final episode of the series.on sunday we found out that jimmy carter had passed away. of all the presidents, i think he has had the most notable post-presidential career, and was just all around good folks. god bless, president carter. you're back with rosalynn at last.labels: christmas, errands, events, food, health, outings, sickness, television, weather
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 10:52:00 pm

(0) comments





» sunday, december 22, 2024
    
   
       pancakes, mysterious happenings, and more doctoring
   
	

 
sigh. james' restless legs have done it again. now he's torn a hole through the dark blue sheets. so i had to go to walmart on monday to buy new sheets because i needed a bottom sheet, and had to change the bed again, although i just changed it yesterday. plus walmart's "hotel quality" sheets aren't as good as when i bought the first two sets a couple of years ago: they now have a satin quality that, even with the deep corners and thick elastic band on the bottom sheet, makes the sheet slips on the mattress (and i can't find my sheet "garters," even though i know i still have them). plus they no longer label the "top/bottom" on the bottom sheet so you know the short end from the long end. faugh.on tuesday we were thinking of going to canton, but we simply just went to woodstock and had breakfast at the ihop. do you know they no longer have silver dollar pancakes for adults anymore? you can only get them on the children's menu now! the waitress was really sweet and said she would say i was ordering a short stack, but ask the cook to make me silver dollars instead. except the cook didn't and i got the short stack, but the waitress talked to the manager and they gave me a complementary order of silver dollar pancakes! we tipped her really well and, as i could barely get through the short stack, brought the silver dollars home. [later: we had them for breakfast christmas day!]wednesday i finally gave tucker a bath. he was overdue for one when he got so sick last month.on thursday something baffling happened. we went to see dr. ahmad at the doctors building at emory st. joseph. this was basically a waste of our time as we had already seen drs. hobson and keel; all he said was that he concurred with their diagnosis. (well, if we could, we'd get it done, because now dr. keel is saying james needs a current echocardiogram because he hasn't had one since 2022. that is bullshit because he had one in the hospital in june when his kidneys failed and another either in july or in august. [later: it was august.])anyway, when we left the emory garage, the power chair was fine. the back was folded down. we left the garage, paid the attendant, the barrier came up, and we were on our way. we made the mistake of going to the trader joe's on roswell road rather than our usual trader joe's at market square. there was intense road construction right before roswell, and we had to inch along for what seemed like ages. i went in by myself to get more orange chicken and other christmas goodies that will disappear on december 26. this is a big open parking lot, no overhangs. then we went to kaiser cumberland to pick up some prescriptions for james. again, big open parking lot, no overhangs.when we got home, the head rest of the power chair (remember, the back of the chair was folded down so it was over the seat) was bent 45 degrees. this headrest support is made from steel.all james can figure is that when we went through the exit gate at emory, it somehow caught on the head rest and bent it. how? we don't know. why wasn't the rest of the chair damaged? dunno, but thank goodness it wasn't!saturday we were planning to go out, but james didn't sleep during the night, so we slept late and had zaxby's for supper and watched christmas stories. sunday we did go out, then went to big lots because we heard they were going out of business. the line was very long, but the two cashiers were very efficient. we got some cool bargains.i'm bummed with big lots going out of business, though. where will i get my shampoo now?labels: chores, christmas, doctors, events, food, health, shopping
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 10:43:00 pm

(0) comments





» sunday, december 15, 2024
    
   
       i give christmas my best, but it isn't much
   
	

 
we had fun with friends this week; yes, these days it's such a rarity that i have to headline it. on saturday we went to hair day, although we were the only ones there except for john campbell. so we had some quality time with ron and john while sherii clipped hair. the house seems so large and echoing without lin there. it must be so hard for ron, still cherishing the house they shared but living with the silence.went home to wrap gifts and then had game night at the lawsons. i was still feeling a bit sad from the morning and preferred to spend the evening talking with jerry, david, and john bouler rather than game playing. alice and ken couldn't come because poor ken had another kidney stone. we munched on pizza and came home with enough leftovers to have pizza for another meeting.wednesday was my 69th birthday. i'd like to say i did something really special, but i didn't. i hit a couple of stores, but the most important thing i did was go to drivers' services and renew my driver's license. because i was over 65, it said i had to go into the office and have an eye test. i had an eye test in may and tried to send them the info, but i apparently didn't have the correct info.well, to my surprise, it took me exactly one hour and one minute, per life360! now, we're only four miles from the drivers' services building, so that was no problem. i took my ipad with me, but i hardly had a chance to look at it. i got the friendliest clerk, who noticed it was my birthday, and she was nice to talk to, and then it was done. i had a paper license to carry until i get the new license.did manage to put up the 1940s christmas village, minus the christmas tree lot, and a bit squished together, on the mantel shelf rather than on the longer board that usually goes on the mantel shelf. strung line for the christmas cards under the mantel shelf (the rest of the cards went on the medial bookcase) and brought up the stuffed max and rudolph and the charlie brown tree (missing the red ornament to dangle on it) to sit on the hearth with rusty the deer in a christmas bauble collar.finally did put up a christmas tree: i used the new tree i bought for the library, the four-foot tree. i decorated it only with the glass ornaments that came in boxes (the satin balls, the holly balls, the old mccrory's ornaments, the "snow dusted" red ornaments, etc. and a few of the cellophane wrapped "presents" and two pine cones. i put "little blaze" the star at the top and tinseled the whole thing in layers of icicles. it was set on a temporary circular table with a silver tree skirt i found at hobby lobby for half price, with the manger set underneath. i managed to crowd most of the manger pieces on the table or in the stable itself, but five figures didn't fit, so i tucked a small teak table that sits in that corner all year under the circular table and covered it with the tree skirt and put the remaining five figures (two wise men, a camel driver, a camel, and the boy piper) on that. it gave the whole thing a nice 3d look, and then the wrapped gifts went around the base of the table.in annoying medical news, james went to see dr. keel, the guy who's supposed to do the "cement." look, i'm glad this dude is being careful. i don't want him "just winging it" on this procedure. but now he's saying we need permission for james to go off his blood thinner for a week. until he gets that, no treatment. sigh.did a whole bunch of usual chores this week. braved walmart for yogurt, since neither kroger nor publix carry my flavor any longer. (food depot doesn't, either. i checked. we don't have an ingles close by.)james got an early seat at dialysis on friday, and got approved for an earlier seat starting monday. 10:30 is too early, but it's better than my picking him up after dark.labels: birthday, chores, christmas, christmas decorations, friends, games, health, illness
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 11:00:00 pm

(0) comments





» sunday, december 08, 2024
    
   
       christmas and treatments trickle in
   
	

 
well, it was a bad week for medical solutions for james.dr. connally was very firm that she wanted james to undergo some kind of aquatherapy, so on tuesday we went to the place where he would have the therapy. this turned out to be a swanky retirement home that included a fancy dining hall with white tablecloths, flowers on the table, and muzak; a little coffee shop type place, meeting rooms, a big gym, and a huge pool with a lift.the therapist was very nice and said because james had trouble walking he would probably be better off going to their other location (on dallas highway) because their pool has only stairs and the dallas highway pool has a ramp. she said she was very confident that, especially once james had the "cement" in his vertebrae, the aquatherapy would help him regain some mobility.except he can't have the aquatherapy now because he has the permacath and it might get wet, even though he's only going into the pool waist-high. which we kinda figured.then we saw dr. connally on thursday. she was pissed off that james hadn't had the "cement" yet, as she had ordered that something be done immediately. james thought she was being unrealistic.i've managed to rouse minimal interest in decorating for christmas inside this week. on wednesday i cleaned out the foyer of thanksgiving decorations, ditto with the dining room and other bits of upstairs, and then later in the week did the foyer, and then the gingerbread-and-candy cane kitchen decorations and the dining room old-fashioned feather tree and the "1910 tree." i put up what was left over in the dining room boxes on the media bookcase in the living room.in useful things, i got and used bolts to fix the hand truck (the last time i tried to use it, a whole bolt and nut were missing—how?—and another bolt was missing its nut), and also dropped off two full shopping bags of toys for toys for tots. i cleaned my desktop keyboard. i got my car inspected so i could renew my registration.i've tested out the christmas tree; there are still lights out on it. i don't feel like putting it up at all.labels: chores, christmas, christmas decorations, donations, exercise, health, illness
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 10:32:00 pm

(0) comments





» sunday, december 01, 2024
    
   
       reasons for thanks and reasons for sorrow
   
	

 
tucker did have the ultrasound to make sure he had nothing nasty going on inside him on monday. he passed with flying colors.next day and on wednesday james had doctors' appointments, podiatry on tuesday and cardiologist on wednesday.we had a dinner invitation for thanksgiving day, but it was across town and we would have to drive home in the dark. instead we spent thanksgiving on our own; we made extra turkey so we could have leftovers (and indeed, we ended up eating turkey for weeks). with carrots and stuffing it was a sufficient dinner, and we watched most of the macy's parade and the national dog show.at night we got a treat: lower decks! alas, the final season.we were able to go to second thanksgiving, as we call it, at alice's house. juanita made a killer turkey and kayla brought an even more killer ham. the company was even better than the food, even if i've been suffering from a lack of sleep.all this was beside the point. we had gotten a call from james' sister some days ago. her husband had been cleaning up some debris left over from hurricane helene and hurt himself. he was taken to the hospital to get checked out. the doctors found a virulent cancer throughout his body and gave him days to live.he died on november 27.they told my sister-in-law that the cancer was so aggressive that if they had taken the same tests in september, it would not have shown up.today i put up the outdoor lights and the candoliers, but i hardly feel like christmas this year. i'd prefer to crawl under a blanket and forget about it.labels: christmas, christmas decorations, death, dogs, family, food, friends, pets, thanksgiving
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 10:00:00 pm

(0) comments





» sunday, november 24, 2024
    
   
       tucker's odyssey
   
	

 
after two meltdowns on my part, and tucker finally being so fed up with me that he started growling and snarling at me, he slowly started to get better. on tuesday he voluntarily ate small bits of meat. i had gone to kroger and gotten cheap pre-made hamburgers out of the managers' special bin. i cooked the hamburger and fed it to him in quarters. first he ate the burgers alone, then with rice, then with vegetables and rice. a little bit more each night. one night i left miniature milk bones out. he ignored them for several days.one morning they were gone.then he started eating his dog food again. he wouldn't eat the chicken flavor at first, just the beef, which was very puzzling. but he ate it, and that was a victory. and by saturday he was dancing around begging for after-walk cookies again!we also finally saw the film hidden figures and loved it! the scenes where johnson has to run back and forth to another building just to use a "colored only" rest room made the point about prejudice so perfectly.the other news wasn't as good. james' fistula is not "ripening" properly and he will need to have a catherization in which any blockage in the fistula is cleared. this will be done in january.labels: dogs, health, pets, sickness
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 10:35:00 pm

(1) comments





» sunday, november 17, 2024
    
   
       the dreadful week
   
	

 
there was no warning. it began fine: i had bought james a new duffle bag for our anniversary to take to dialysis (the old bag was falling apart). it has a separate compartment intended for gym shoes or a wet towel/swimsuit, and we have put his blanket in there. he doesn't really needed it, because now that he's on dialysis, he's not cold all the time. there's a compartment for his sugar-free mints, one for his snacks and visor, one for his water bottle and a juice box, one for his tv schedule, and then the inner compartment has a pocket into which he has two paperback books. the central compartment now just holds his noise-cancelling headphones (dialysis clinics are loud), his neck pillow, and his tablet (charged daily so he can watch battlebots and whatever that sylvester stallone show is).tuesday was a disaster. james twisted, thrashed, and kicked because he was in pain all night. needless to say i didn't sleep, and we went to hanger to get his back brace fitted in very ill tempers. as we pulled out of the driveway a car stopped in front of us and the driver got out.i've talked many times about tucker's adversarial relationship with max, the german shepherd on the corner. i don't know how much i've mentioned his relationship with champion, the german shepherd down at the end of the street. his people rent a house in the lower cul-de-sac. i watched champion from when he was a young dog. he has always approached tucker with curiosity--"oh, look, what a cute little dog!"--and tucker approached him back with his head up and his tail wagging obligingly. it was obvious they both wanted to play together, but of course his person was walking him one way, and i was walking tucker the other.it was champion's owner who stopped to talk to us: champion died on monday; he said they didn't know why.we couldn't go home afterwards because james was scheduled for the bone scan at kaiser, so we spent about a half-hour in barnes & noble before heading to townpark. i was quite woozy and sick; we were going to stop at walmart for yogurt and i was so sick we didn't. i did manage to get us a couple of treats in bernhard's bakery.i was feeling better wednesday, so after finishing the lidl/publix/kroger grocery route, stopped at walmart on the way home for the yogurt. in the evening i finally bit the bullet and ordered new phones. my current cell reboots at odd times and loses connection on local streets, and it's beginning to eat battery. i got james a desert tan color and i got a red one. maybe it will be easier to find.then...out of nowhere, james got up thursday morning, went out to make breakfast, and found out tucker had vomited on the floor. sometimes he does just get an upset stomach and vomit. but wednesday he only ate one dog biscuit and a mouthful of rice in beef stock. he was listless and his eyes were tragic and he'd only drink if he licked it off my hands during the day. he drank more at night and ate a couple more dog biscuits. by afternoon i called riverview and made him an appointment for the next day.thursday tucker wouldn't even walk down the stairs voluntarily. i scooped him up and carried him on his back in his blanket and he just lay there. he hates being held upside down. his breath was raspy.he stayed at the vet the rest of the day and overnight. he had a high fever (105℉!) and diarrhea and had ivs getting antibiotics into him and helping his dehydration.we went to pick him up but he was limp and listless on friday. i had to feed him with hill's urgent care soft food with a syringe, and this was the only time he struggled. he has a dangerously low level of white blood cells in his body, can't go near other dogs and we have to watch him because he's susceptible to sepsis. it was so bad saturday night i had a meltdown. this is too fucking much. first it was oliver, then james in the hospital, then james at home, then the falls, and now it's poor tucker. i felt totally helpless.sunday was a little better, as i did get some stuff done, but a real struggle to feed tucker via syringe (i mean, i get it! i would hate it, too!).labels: dogs, food, health, pets, shopping, sickness, smartphones, technology
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 3:30:00 pm

(1) comments





» sunday, november 10, 2024
    
   
       the turn of events
   
	

 
we saw our first christmas lights monday night, november 4! i love christmas decorations, guys! but, too early!tried to avoid election coverage on tuesday by watching a movie, but after the film curiosity got the better of us and we stayed up until midnight watching the returns. i will admit i am not happy, although i disliked both candidates. when your new "leader" nominates an anti-vaxxer to run a health organization there is something wrong. our parents worshiped the ground drs. salk and sabin walked on, because their children were not crippled, were not confined to an iron lung, did not die from polio, all because of vaccines. smallpox was a dreadful thing. just not right.chores for the rest of the week, and a visit to dr. salazar on friday ended the week. we had not yet seen the orders for the tests, but he assured us they were in the system.so saturday was a very busy day: we were up early to get in line for free electronics recycling day. yay, that stupid microwave james keeps barking his leg on is gone. also my venerable vacuum cleaner, which gave me much joy. the new one works wonderfully, but it's still too heavy. then we had hair day and got to see mel and phyllis! we nipped home afterward for a meal (james made pork chops and we ate at three), and then went to kaiser townpark. james had two ct scans starting at 5:40, and then we had to wait the hour until his 8 p.m. mri. it was a relief to get home.it was chilly and cloudy on sunday, such wonderful weather! tucker and i had a long walk, me clad in my favorite fabric, flannel! later i put up the upstairs and foyer thanksgiving decorationslabels: christmas, election, events, exercise, friends, health, sickness, thanksgiving, weather
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 10:25:00 pm

(0) comments





» sunday, november 03, 2024
    
   
       changes in space and findings whilst shopping
   
	

 
james has finally seen the spinal doctor at emory!not that it did him much good.the appointment was wayyyyy over at the old executive park complex which used to be a rabbit warren of little buildings, many of them rented by cdc. i had attended meetings and classes at executive park; the plus of going there was that it was near a plaza that was filled with restaurants, including a chinese place we were very fond of going to for friday lunch.all of the buildings are now gone. in its place are the big arthur blank hospital, part of children's hospital of atlanta, a bunch of construction, and the emory muskoskeletal and spinal center, which was us. the building is shiny new, with a very nice-smelling cafe at the entrance. they have an interesting system of elevators, too. when you get there you register, and they give you a ticket telling you where to go: level 4, for example, and then aisle e. then you go to the elevator bay which has a central panel. you tell the elevator you're going to level 4, and it tells you what elevator to take. there are no buttons in the elevator; it's kinda spooky.anyway, we saw dr. hobson, but nothing was done that thursday; she wanted a battery of tests first: a complete spinal ct scan, a complete mri of the spine, and a bone density test. she doesn't want to start a treatment for his lower back that will screw up his upper back. she also prescribed a back brace, which we'll get from hangar orthotics, and hydrotherapy. when we got home we tried to set up the ct and mri immediately, but the orders weren't in the system yet; they did not go in until wednesday and james made appointments on saturday evening the 9th at townpark, but he couldn't get the bone scan until the following tuesday. but it will be done quickly, so we can hopefully get james some pain relief.this wasn't our only appointment this week; we also went to see dr. coyle. the fistula still isn't "ripe." you know, we were told, both times, that this thing would be "ripe" in six weeks. now they tell us six weeks to three months!in happier trips, we drove out to the costco in paulding county again. we got supplies, but there was no scottissue! we also stopped at the walmart out there and i was able to find twelve cans of the recently discontinued harvest tomato soup, which i use to make chicken cacciatore. i think this is the only big haul i'm going to be able to get. i now have 20 cans, and then we will need to find something else. i'm very sad.james had already filled in his mail-in ballot, and i did mine on wednesday. when we left dialysis, we drove past the smyrna community center where they were having early voting. this year they did allow me to deposit james' ballot along with mine; last year they insisted he do it himself.i put up the outside thanksgiving decorations on friday only to discover i had no thanksgiving flag! i ordered one immediately, a very beautiful surround of autumn leaves surrounding the word "thankful." then i drove out to the walmart near roswell road and cobb parkway in hope of finding more harvest tomato soup. no luck there, but they did have slip-on canvas shoes that i use for dog-walking at night. and just in time, too, because when i got home and swapped out the inserts in my old dog-walking shoes, i discovered the soles of both shoes were cracked!this walmart is next to sam's club, so i went in for scottissue. thank goodness, they did have some! they also had—oh, my ears and whiskers!—poultry gravy. it has been like pulling teeth to find containers of poultry gravy; you can get brown gravy all the time, but not poultry. i ended up paying something like fifteen dollars to get a canister of mccormick poultry gravy mix from amazon, and there they were at sam's club for $5 each. so i bought three!uploaded a new fanfic as well: "haunted."labels: change, clothing, food, health, shopping, sickness, writing
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 10:37:00 pm

(0) comments





» sunday, october 27, 2024
    
   
       back to this
   
	

 
james finally had an appointment with the pain clinic, even if it was just a video visit. after looking at james' spinal scans, dr. connally thinks he needs outpatient treatment on his back immediately, something called "an injection of 'cement'"? he has a fracture in one of his lower lumbar vertebrae that is probably pinching one or more nerves, causing the terrible pain and the interference in his sleep. so he will be getting a call from emory about seeing a specialist there.i have been working on a fanfiction called "quiver" all of the week and uploaded it on saturday.i had michaels credits, so we stopped at the heritage pointe store on sunday afternoon and now i have a new 4-foot tree for the library.otherwise it's been the usual chore-filled week. i did get a brighter light bulb for the library and was able to install it myself using the full-sized ladder. leaning on the ladder makes me feel secure and i can stand being on the second step. i also replaced the long light bulb in the airplane fixture in the downstairs hall. this was a special gift to james from his mother, so we both cherish it. i found to my surprise when i got up there to replace the bulb that the old one was completely burned out! i could only get long light bulbs—they're called "radio bulbs" because they look like old-time radio tubes—in a four-pack, so i just replaced it with a regular-sized (a19) bulb. fit perfectly, and damn it is bright down there now!labels: christmas, health, home repairs, illness, shopping, writing
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 10:50:00 pm

(0) comments





» sunday, october 20, 2024
    
   
       infections and outings
   
	

 
this week's high even had a disappointing low. on sunday we went to the apple festival and, while it was nice to walk the fairgrounds, it was very tiring and i was suffering from lack of sleep, and feeling very woozy and out of it.we made a short stop at panorama orchards for the necessities of life: fresh granny smith apples, blackberry spread, the tea sold in little wooden crates (but they quit making the ginger peach), sugar-free taffy, and a few other things. then we decided to stop in canton to eat, hoping to go to the thai place, but they are closed sunday and monday. brooklyn joe's was slammed, so we went to cheeseburger bobby's. this was really good: you got enough meat in the burger and the onion rings were excellent! it was pretty expensive, though.stopped at books-a-million briefly, then got stuck in traffic on the way home. ::sigh::the week started badly because we had to see dr. coyle on short notice. they noticed at dialysis that his fistula incision was weeping and had been giving him iv antibiotics on his last two visits. she said she didn't want him having that much vancomycin. she put him on oral antibiotics and told me to put betadyne on the incision and keep it covered. [the betadyne did do the trick eventually, but we can't figure out what happened in the first place as we followed all her instructions on caring for the wound to the letter.]just chores for the rest of the week, including cleaning out decrepit emergency toilet-flushing water bottles from the garage.labels: chores, events, food, health, sickness
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 10:41:00 pm

(0) comments





» monday, october 14, 2024
    
   
       "woz"
   
	

i never have been an apple fangirl, don't want an iphone, but have been having serious envy of people using ipads for art. we have styluses for our android tablets, but they have none of the fine control that the ipads do with their corresponding "pencils." i've been wandering by a 6th generation ipad at microcenter; it was only $139, which seemed a good "beginner's price" for something you're not sure you're going to use. however, in chatting with someone, they advised me to buy a 9th generation which wasn't too much more ($60) with a lot newer everything. like my dad, i never could resist a better gadget.(dad went out one christmas to buy me a camera. our old brownie hawkeye—the kind you looked down into the viewfinder to take the picture—with the attachable flashgun was venerable. the new instamatic cameras had just come out, where you didn't have to string the film from the roll to the intake reel, but just pop a cartridge in and then remember to advance the film. there were four of them, each a little more expensive. the 104 was basic, the 404 had all the bells and whistles. dad came home with the 404, saying sheepishly that it could be the family camera, but it did end up that mostly i took the pictures.)so, i splurged on the 9th gen and saved on the accessories; i got a generic "ipad pencil" rather than the regulation apple pencil (it was $85 cheaper on sale) and a plain cover in black, the cheapest price.notes: i hate safari. it may be the most aggravating browser ever, even worse than internet explorer. i hate that you can't really access your files to make sure photos you save end up on the ipad, not in the icloud. but the screen is fabulous; i have been reading my magazines on the ipad rather than the android. and the generic "pencil" is faboo for drawing. rather than buy an expensive copy of procreate, which everyone loves, i decided to start out with an old friend from my android days, sketchbook, which—no surprise—works like a delight on the ipad. i love that i can rest my hand on the screen and all it pays attention to is the pencil.oh, and it's great to play my cross-stitch game in.officially i named it "cider"—it's fall, after all—but i find myself calling it "woz" for steve wozniak.labels: computers, gadgets
----------------------------------------------------------------. . . . . noted and logged by linda at 9:21:00 pm

(0) comments










home

flyingdreams.org

other blogs
» holiday harbour
» mementos from the attic
» cozy nook to read in
» autumn hollow
» fuzz brigade
» tales from st. nicholas
» facebook


family'n'friends
"the mister"
laura vonarendonk baugh
steve eramo
cindy neidt
elaine normandy
emma redmer
emma's musical dreams
teri sears
jennifer waters pre-2015
jennifer waters 2015 only
jen's navy times
mike waters' wwii blog

bloggers of note
susan bailey
baker street babes
before the second sleep
stephen bowie
gerry bowler
susan branch
jane brocket (pre-2015)
lynn coleman
tracy christenson
peter david
disney history institute
doctor who news page
droid life
kathleen ernst
jim fanning
forgotten new england
michael hadley
david hofstede
hooked on houses
keith houston
kathy johnson
kidlit history
becky laney
lifehacker
james lileks
patty lockwood
made for tv mayhem
karen martin
mondo molly
john kenneth muir
patricia t. o'conner
pony book chronicles
quote investigator
marie rayner
redeeming qualities
sally roddom
leila roy
gretchen rubin
nina sankovitch
ralph senensky
sentence first
series books for girls
peter d. sieruta (r.i.p.)
ivan shreve (pre-2017)
ivan shreve (current)
take joy society
tardis eruditorum
dani torres
vintascope
well-read sherlockian
joanna wilson
jenna woginrich
 yesterday's young adult novels

archives
january 2002
february 2002
march 2002
april 2002
may 2002
june 2002
july 2002
august 2002
september 2002
october 2002
november 2002
december 2002
january 2003
february 2003
march 2003
april 2003
may 2003
june 2003
july 2003
august 2003
september 2003
october 2003
november 2003
december 2003
january 2004
february 2004
march 2004
april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
september 2011
october 2011
november 2011
december 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
april 2012
may 2012
june 2012
july 2012
august 2012
september 2012
october 2012
november 2012
december 2012
january 2013
february 2013
march 2013
april 2013
may 2013
june 2013
july 2013
august 2013
september 2013
october 2013
november 2013
december 2013
january 2014
february 2014
march 2014
april 2014
may 2014
june 2014
july 2014
august 2014
september 2014
october 2014
november 2014
december 2014
january 2015
february 2015
march 2015
april 2015
may 2015
june 2015
july 2015
august 2015
september 2015
october 2015
november 2015
december 2015
january 2016
february 2016
march 2016
april 2016
may 2016
june 2016
july 2016
august 2016
september 2016
october 2016
november 2016
december 2016
january 2017
february 2017
march 2017
april 2017
may 2017
june 2017
july 2017
august 2017
september 2017
october 2017
november 2017
december 2017
january 2018
february 2018
march 2018
april 2018
may 2018
june 2018
july 2018
august 2018
september 2018
october 2018
november 2018
december 2018
january 2019
february 2019
march 2019
april 2019
may 2019
june 2019
july 2019
august 2019
september 2019
october 2019
november 2019
december 2019
january 2020
february 2020
march 2020
april 2020
may 2020
june 2020
july 2020
august 2020
september 2020
october 2020
november 2020
december 2020
january 2021
february 2021
march 2021
april 2021
may 2021
june 2021
july 2021
august 2021
september 2021
october 2021
november 2021
december 2021
january 2022
february 2022
march 2022
april 2022
may 2022
june 2022
july 2022
august 2022
september 2022
october 2022
november 2022
december 2022
january 2023
february 2023
march 2023
april 2023
may 2023
june 2023
july 2023
august 2023
september 2023
october 2023
november 2023
december 2023
january 2024
february 2024
march 2024
april 2024
may 2024
june 2024
july 2024
august 2024
september 2024
october 2024
november 2024
december 2024
january 2025










