  home - chardon area chamber of commerce     
 skip to content      menudirectoriesmember directorychamber champion directoryaboutleadershipcommitteescontact usmembershipmembership applicationmembership benefits & duesmember resourceselectronic certificate of originadvertising opportunitieschamber championsmember logineventschamber eventsmember eventsannual car and bike showannual chamber golf outingannual banquet and awards ceremonycommunitycacc scholarshippublicationsribbon cuttingsjob postingsmember hot sheetsjoin us welcome to the chardon area chamber of commerce      directory     join     events     loginwe help chardon area businesses grow and succeed!promote, protect, and serve the general business interests of our members, and create a unified public spirit within the community.  join today!  mark your calendarthe chardon area chamber of commerce and its members host several great events in the community that you won't want to miss! mark your calendars.  chamber eventsregister for our upcoming events or become a sponsor!  view calendar   member eventsfind out about upcoming events hosted by our members.  view calendar  upcoming events benefits of joiningbenefits of joining the chamber are plenty! receive discounts through chamber buying power, gain exposure for your business, make local business connections through networking, and participate in our gift certificate program, among more.   discounts    business exposure    networking    gift certificate program  thank you to our chamber champions!view chamber champion directory   stay up to date on chamber info by listening to our quarterly reports on chardon biz podcast!presented by dave nelson of chardon physical therapythis is a show about local entrepreneurs and innovators sharing their stories.who are the people behind our favorite businesses? © 2025 chardon area chamber of commerce  |  site by growthzone get in touch!    phone   440-285-9050     address   213 main street, suite dpo box 294chardon, oh 44024     email   mricco@chardonchamber.com  additional resourcesphoto disclaimerprivacy policy stay connected!    facebook      linkedin   © 2025 chardon area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone scroll to top 


