












medieval and renaissance studies - home | vassar college
















      skip to main content
    








vassar
vassar college



search



search button






open search






close search








close menu  





actions


apply


visit


give




roles


fearlessly consequential


students


families


 alums


employees





main navigation


about


academics


admission


campus life


athletics


arts


sustainability


news


























 









medieval and renaissance studies
pieter brueghel ii, preparing the flower beds (spring), from “the seasons,” detail, c. 1620. medieval and renaissance collection, the loeb.








 









medieval and renaissance studies
ludger tom ring, the younger, the open missal, c.1570; as seen on display in the loeb. 
photo: karl rabe








 









medieval and renaissance studies
scheetz ms 47, a leaf from a book of hours, [france, late 14th century]. special collections.








 









medieval and renaissance studies
jan brueghel, the elder, view of a canal in a village, nd (16th c/17th c.) medieval and renaissance collection, the loeb.








 









medieval and renaissance studies
woodcut with nuremberg city view, nuremberg chronicle (schedel, 1493, sheet 99v/100r.)








 









medieval and renaissance studies
lambert sustris, the circle of false education from the tabula cebetis, detail, nd (16th c.).  medieval and renaissance collection, the loeb.











previous



next











home


courses & requirements


faculty


after vassar


contact













the medieval and renaissance studies (mrst) program is designed to provide the student with a coherent, multidisciplinary, and cross-cultural course of study of the arts, history, literature, and thought from late antiquity to the 18th century.students are expected to elect work from three groups of disciplines: art history, music, and drama; history, political science, philosophy, religion, and anthropology; and language and literature. in addition, students are expected to gain a reading knowledge of requisite foreign languages and, in their senior year, write an interdisciplinary essay under the supervision of one or more of the participating faculty.first-year students interested in medieval and renaissance studies should consult with the director soon after arriving on campus. first-year students considering majoring in the program should elect some of the introductory courses in greek and roman studies, philosophy, religion, political science, and history during their first year at the college. students should select introductory courses in the two disciplines that they hope to study at the higher level. art 105 provides a grounding for the program, as do the historical sections of english 101. students should think carefully about the language that they plan to take in the program. the dark ages (history 116) and high middle ages (history 117) are valuable introductions to medieval history. latin is highly recommended for students planning to enter graduate school in medieval studies. since many majors study abroad, it is wise to begin or continue a language appropriate to the country anticipated.students interested in declaring a mrst major or correlate should have an appointment with the program director, nancy bisaha.














 go to top of page










vassar




 124 raymond avenue, poughkeepsie, new york 12604






about


academics


admission


campus life


the vassar institute for the liberal arts






 instagram



 facebook



 linkedin



 youtube



 tiktok



 x



 threads



 flickr



 social media directory



 campus calendar








 


learn more about our comprehensive campaign →







annual security and fire safety report


title ix



© 2025 vassar college











