



      parishes of the dublin diocese | catholic churches | dublin
    






























 contact

lotto

parish notices

newsletters & archive

live services

parish news & events




































home

 contact

sacraments

sacraments
baptism
first holy communiion
confirmation
sacrament of reconcilliation
marriage



lotto

blessed margaret ball

parish teams

parish teams
priests
parish office
parish pastoral council
property & finance committee
baptism
rcia
bethany / funeral ministry
eucharistic ministers
minister of the word
liturgy
choir
family mass



history

history
priests of the past
priests memories



parish centre

parish centre
social services



parish notices

newsletters & archive

live services

donate

parish news & events

reach out to reconnect
































church of the holy child                







  







 







 







chapel of blessed margaret ball 















 vision for our parish "a family of god's people  reaching out to all, encouraging and enabling all, to become good people as god is good."   










   





















 the church of the holy child 











whitehall 01 837 5274 the office is open monday to friday 9am to 1pm  















 blessed margaret ball 











santry 01 862 0792 during mass times   



























welcome  the parish of larkhill, whitehall, santry is a community of two church buildings; the church of the holy child & the chapel of blessed margaret ball each different but both visible expressions of god’s presence among us and our response as god's people in worship and service.  parish boundary map  if you would like to view the map indicating the borders of the parish with our neighbours please click here 
















mass times 2025  







church of the holy child 


  saturday  vigil                    7.00p.m. sunday                               10.30a.m.                                             12.30p.m. monday to friday              9.15a.m. bank holidays                   10.00a.m. 








blessed margaret ball 


sunday                10.00a.m. wednesday         10.00a.m. 








confessions 




for more information please contact us 




contact us














live service >  








newsletters > 








lotto > 








child safeguarding policy > 








safeguarding vulnerable adults > 








parish notices > 








donations to the parish > 








parish privacy statement > 












notice: live streaming of church services 




streaming from church of the holy child started on monday, 12th november 2018. this development means that parishioners unable to physically attend services for whatever reason, will be able to do so from their location. it allows those who have moved abroad to keep in touch with their home parish.  access is via the parish website http://www.whitehall.dublindiocese.ie/ and https://www.churchservices.tv/whitehall.  the camera is focused on the sanctuary area with rows near the top of the church visible. 


church of the holy child services are not recorded but are streamed live and are available to view online here. 







click here for live service 

















































































 





the church of the holy child the thatch road, whitehall, dublin 9  office opening hours mon-fri 9.00am to 1.00pm tel 01 837 5274 






 





chapel of blessed margaret ball oak park avenue, santry, dublin 9  office opening hours  during mass times only tel 01 862 0792 




registered charity number: rcn 20016166 


web design dublin | privacy policy | cookie policy 






designed and created by it'seeze










      our site uses cookies. for more information, see our cookie policy.
      accept cookies and close

reject cookies
manage settings





