











emall | a digital media company


















































































about
domain licensing
agencies & brands
media owners
contact us












 











prime digital real estate
explore options to license, purchase, or develop premium domains – essential foundations for crafting memorable brands and establishing digital powerhouses.






domain licensing



notable sales








founded in 1998, emall.ca stands as a distinguished canadian media company, proudly dedicated to enhancing brand experiences on a global scale.







about us
emall.ca is the owner of over 3,000 category-defining .ca domain names that represent the pinnacle of digital real estate.





imagine the possibilities





instant authority
the domain name communicates authority and specialization in its industry, instantly positioning the brand as a credible source.



branding opportunity
whether you’re a startup, a tech giant, or looking to start a new venture, these domains offer unparalleled branding potential.





memorability
we offer privately-owned memorable and brandable domain names, making them easier for customers to recall and return to the website.



seo advantage
the brand domain includes relevant keywords, potentially enhancing search engine optimization (seo) efforts and making it more discoverable in search results.









featured domain categories
discover your next project.





aviation



credit and loans



ai





automobile



b2b



crypto





food & drink



fintech



digital 





ecomm



live event & ticketing



geocentric





see all categories















domain licensing
we offer clients a strategic and cost-effective solution for integrating powerful domain names into their marketing strategy.





about domain licensing



















































our partners







 
strategic partnerships and innovative solutions. 

at emall, we understand that the digital landscape is vast, and navigating it successfully requires strategic partnerships and innovative thinking. whether you’re an advertiser looking to maximise your reach, an investor seeking lucrative opportunities, or a startup ready to soar, we’ve got you covered.

explore our services















our partners













 
strategic partnerships and innovative solutions. 

at emall, we understand that the digital landscape is vast, and navigating it successfully requires strategic partnerships and innovative thinking. whether you’re an advertiser looking to maximise your reach, an investor seeking lucrative opportunities, or a startup ready to soar, we’ve got you covered.

explore our services







success story




















in a powerful collaboration, emall joined forces with netclues and the ticket network.
etickets.ca owes its success to emall’s ability to craft synergistic collaborations and the strong brand positioning anchored by the premium etickets.ca domain.



read more







newsletter signup

business development opportunities delivered to your inbox

we’ll send you updates on industry news and business opportunities.






email address




subscribe








 










got questions?shoot!








untitled(required) where should we direct your inquiry?(required)where should we direct your inquiry?media inquiriesinvestment opportunitiesdomain namesotheryour email address(required)

your phoneyour comments/questions(required)captcha
 


















domain licensing



agencies & brands



media owners



our brands   |   notable sales   |   resources  |   contact us













privacy policy






follow











privacy policy

follow



 



















































