




international academy of aviation and space medicine - international academy of aviation and space medicine

































































sidebar menu
×




homeabout uswelcome from the presidenthistory of the academyconstitution and by-lawsstrategic plancommitteescommittee (council)nominating sub-committeeselectors sub-committeescholarship sub-committeescientific sub-committeeinternational congresspublicationsmembership
application for membershipassociate membershipaffiliatecorporate membershipcorporate memberseventsnewsscholarshipscholarship informationapply for a scholarship part i applicantapply for a scholarship part ii sponsorpast winnersdonationsdonationscontactcontact usrelated organisationsmembers login





























homeabout uswelcome from the presidenthistory of the academyconstitution and by-lawsstrategic plancommitteescommittee (council)nominating sub-committeeselectors sub-committeescholarship sub-committeescientific sub-committeeinternational congresspublicationsmembership
application for membershipassociate membershipaffiliatecorporate membershipcorporate memberseventsnewsscholarshipscholarship informationapply for a scholarship part i applicantapply for a scholarship part ii sponsorpast winnersdonationsdonationscontactcontact usrelated organisationsmembers login












user name








show








						remember me					



log in




					forgot your username?



					forgot your password?





 

 














search



















				          
  					       international congress of aviation and space medicine
        				        				  
soaring towards new horizons in aviation and space medicine

icasm 2025 









				          
  					        international academy of aviation and space medicine
        				        				  
we provide international leadership and mentorship to advance the knowledge and understanding of aviation and space medicine, through worldwide initiatives in education, training, research and practice.

our history





















 


















								
								strategic plan, background, mission and goals
																	

the academy was founded in 1955, its object being the promotion and search for new knowledge in aerospace medicine, and the contribution to international co-operation among those devoted to education and research in this particular field.

								learn more								










								
								international congress of aviation and space medicine
																	

the academy sponsors an international congress on an annual basis with the location rotating to various countries around the world. individuals representing countries wishing to hold a congress should contact the secretary general for more information.
past abstracts


								learn more								










								
								get involved in supporting the academy activities
																	

donations are essential to support the work of the academy and are used for the educational benefit of our scholars. please use the link below to support our charity. thank you very much for your contribution.

								learn more								



















							membership information						


the academy has different categories of membership. to be considered eligible for membership in the international academy of aviation and space medicine, an applicant must satisfy certain listed requirements.
applicants must subscribe to the objectives of the academy and have demonstrated high moral and ethical professional standards. the application for membership should be sent by email to the secretary general of the academy: secretary-general@iaasm.org.
academician
corporate



physicians or scientists less experienced in aviation and space medicine can apply to become an affiliate of the academy with the opportunity of having a mentor experienced in the specialty assigned to them.

affiliate























aviation and space medicine scholarship

the international academy of aviation and space medicine has a well-established scholarship programme, the aim of which is to enable young physicians commencing a career in aerospace medicine to undertake training in the specialty. 
the scholarship can be used to facilitate attendance at a formal training course, or participation in a work programme (one year or more, structured towards educational goals) in a recognized aerospace medicine institute. 
the academy grants at least one scholarship award of up to us$20,000 annually to support the education of a medical professional wishing to train in aviation and space medicine who does not have access to funds with the aim of them subsequently supporting the development of the specialty in their home state.

scholarship information
apply for a scholarship
past winners










latest news








news 






												icam 2024 abstract book											



										icam 2024, incorporating the 70th international congress of aviation and space medicine, was held...									


											october 17,2024										










news 






												iaasm stem outreach activity at icam24											



										on the day prior to the start of icam24 the president and secretary general, accompanied by jim...									


											october 16,2024										










news 






												new iaasm corporate member: jfj aviation & defence gmbh											



										the international academy of aviation and space medicine was delighted to welcome mr josef...									


											october 15,2024										












international academy of aviation and space medicine





about us

welcome messagehistory of the academyconstitution and by-lawsstructure of the academyinternational congresspublications


membership

application for membershipassociate membershipaffiliate membershipcorporate membershipcorporate members


scholarship & education

scholarship informationapply for a scholarshippast winners


events and news

eventsnewsrelated organisationscontact us






copyright © 2024 international academy of aviation and space medicine. all rights reserved.privacy policy










