





executive team coaching, seattle | virtual team building, washington | virtual offsite facilitation, washington








































"									














 








path to changehome
keynotes
executive coaching

benchmarks 360 degree feedback survey
leadership development assessments
executive & leadership
career development
team development


management training

leadership development training
coaching skills for managers
emotional intelligence training
develop high performing teams
manage workplace change


team building
about

about maureen moriarty
client list
testimonials


blog
contact
pathways to change
seattle team development
seattle executive coaching
seattle leadership training
with more than 20 years’ experience in seattle team building, career development, and leadership development, pathways to change can take you and your business to the next level. we offer:

professional executive coaching
team building and retreat facilitation for accountability, safety, clarity and engagement
keynotes
change management consulting
leadership training
career coaching
team development

maureen founded path to change in 2000 with offices in seattle, wa and palm springs, ca. she provides practical leadership development skill building, career development, and guidance for executives and teams with individual executive coaching, leadership development programs, workshops and team building. she also provides facilitation expertise for difficult, meaningful and engaged conversations and retreats. she is an engaging dynamic speaker on all team and leadership development topics. for further information or to discuss your unique needs, please contact maureen.
so, would you like to learn new tools and practical techniques to improve your leadership and management skills?
emotional intelligence (eq) test & coaching: for leaders & managers
35% of newly promoted managers fail as a result of low eq. eq is a greater predictor of leadership success than either iq or experience. as a leader, understanding your eq and your team’s eq patterns can increase team collaboration, creativity and performance.
check out our eq test (profile)/coaching special:

your unique eq profile report
private consultation and coaching sessions to improve your eq

learn:

your emotional pattern/triggers under stress and challenge (which can derail a leader!)
new techniques to manage conflict, challenge and difficult interactions
how to get “unstuck” in difficult conversations/relationships


leadership and management skills workshops and training for your workplace
increase management and leadership skills in your company. we offer entertaining and engaging half and full day trainings. leaders and managers will learn new practical skills (to take into your workplace tomorrow) in:

conflict resolution
decision- making
overcoming common team dysfunctions
how to increase trust
emotional intelligence
stop bossing and start coaching
change & project management
leading effective meetings

coaching: seattle leadership development, seattle executive coaching, seattle team development and seattle career development & team building
individual coaching is the best way to improve and leverage leadership productivity and performance. at pathways to change, we help mid to senior level professionals “go to the next level” by developing practices and learning tools to improve trust, communication, resolve conflict and their ability to lead teams in productive collaboration.
our unique seattle executive coaching approach allows clients to have an active day- to- day partner –often helping clients address team development challenges while they are doing work with their teams. our career coaching allows professionals to make choices in times of transition that equate to success in the long run and includes important coaching practice for successful interviewing.
consulting: change management and organizational development
at pathways to change, we understand the challenges of leading in a world of constant change and that is why we offer our consulting services that has helped many companies around the world and here in seattle with team building and leadership issues. we offer clients effective change management and organizational development expertise to help you manage ongoing change in your company. we offer customized assessment and strategic solutions to improve performance and to help you achieve company goals.
our expertise includes leadership training, facilitation and organizational improvement strategies. issues commonly addressed include morale, productivity, quality, conflict resolution, team development, introduction of major change initiatives, corporate cultural change and improving customer relations.
assessments: benchmarks 360 degree feedback survey and emotional intelligence (eq)
we offer our clients the most powerful assessments tools available to increase emotional intelligence and leadership effectiveness. pathways to change is proud to be certified in the benchmarks 360 degree feedback survey offering managers and leaders multi rater feedback from those who work most closely with them (their bosses, direct reports, peers, customers etc) to help determine future leadership development strategy. this report gives managers and executives’ key insight into how others perceive their abilities in 16 leadership capacities and areas that can derail a leader. the eq profile illuminates for managers and leaders how their interpersonal patterns either hinder or help them in meeting their relationship goals under stress and in conflict. pathways to change offers targeted coaching and training for development or challenge areas surfaced in our assessments.
path to change featured on best of executive coaching series with doug llewelyn.
free updates










 


as a bonus, you'll even get this ebook:
7 keys to leading with emotional intelligence


 






article topics

career development

coaching

conflict resolution

difficult co-worker

emotional intelligence

getting hired

hiring

home

improving workplace communication

leadership

leading during turbulent times

managing change

performance reviews

teams

uncategorized



random quote
“it\'s actually kind of amazing-i spend an hour with maureen a week but i get at least three hours back because my meetings are more productive, i\'m more focused and i know what i need to accomplish each week. in advertising we drool over roi like that!”by tisha freer director, client strategy tmp worldwide

other locations
bellevue
everett
bellingham

in the news
check out my tv interview.


copyright © 2025 • path to change • all rights reserved






