





barrel futurities of america – world champions start here











































 






skip to content



 



menu
home
finals schedule
about

bfa history
officers & directors
bfa sponsors
rules


bfa f.a.q’s.
approved shows

current year results

results archives




futurity standings

derby standings


horses
 











barrel futurities of america

world champions start here












bfa home 

bfa world championship 202540th anniversarynovember 17- 22, 2025 lazy e arena, guthrie, ok
barrel futurities of america (bfa) was established in 1986 to unify the barrel futurity industry. by setting up standards that producers and contestants follow, all bfa events are run under uniform guidelines.  

read more

enjoy our slideshow of the 2024 barrel futurities of america champions, photos provided by kenneth springer:





amateur derby champion mistys blazin success and allison mullis
sunday open champion lana merrick bailey & miss american pie
derby champion slick swingin gypsy and ceri ward
juvenile average champion wonder if im lucky and heidi gunderson
sunday youth champion morgan bagnell & jet fuel only
4-year-old futurity champion goldies last design & kylie weast
congratulations to the 2024 xn ranch youth 1d avg champion morgan bagnelljet fuel only
high roller champion leslie richards & bullys getting down
5-year-old futurity champion fiesta by design and ashley schafer
junior derby champion scootin jetolena and merrick moyer 
$uper$takes slot race sponsored by 4m equine ranch champion red as hale and william ball
amateur juvenile average champion trippen at the bar and lea callahan
amateur futurity champion don't worry i got you and kara thell
junior futurity average champion chasin a win and smilla johnson
junior juvenile average champion - sr sixum epic & maddy lee
saturday open champion jana guthrie furociousladychaser
saturday youth champion piper toon & cp famous miss kitty




barrel futurities of america enjoyed a successful 39th bfa world championship hosted at the fabulous lazy e arena in guthrie, oklahoma, november 16-23, 2024, paying out over 1.5 million in cash and prizes, with 1,196 entries competing during the week. the bfa world championship also hosted the xn ranch junior race and adequan open 4-d with 721 entries!
we hope you plan to attend the 2025 barrel futurities of america world finals!
2025 bfa world finals information and forms:
you can also visit our bfa app where all online forms can be found by clicking here! 





all online forms can be found on the bfa app or click here : 


 


print and mail forms: 2025 bfa membership application2025 four year old futurity flyer2025 four year old futurity entry form2025 four year old payment slipsnominations due jan 15, 2025  2025 five year old futurity flyer 2025 five year old entry form2025 five year old payment slipsnominations due jan 15, 2025  
co-sanction with the bfa and help our members earn points for year-end awards!
bfa_event_endorsement_request_2025


most recent news:  (click here for all published news updates) 




futurity – first time 4 year olds sidepot




calling all $uper$take$ slot holders!




celebrating our 40th with more added money!

















barrel horse world

barrel horse news


organnact equine quality dedication and results





























track the current top 50 money-earners, including all-time and yearly leading money-earners, sires, dams, grandsires, owners and breeders, in barrel racing every week with the qdata leaderboards!

thank you to all the sponsors that make bfa world championships successful!
we are proud to partner with the following businesses, brands and services.  with the support of these great sponsors, we are growing an even bigger and better barrel futurities of america for you! please remember support these sponsors that support your sport and passions!
title sponsors






































click on logos to visit each sponsor’s respective websites. be sure to tell them the bfa sent you!


would you be interested in hearing about our sponsorship levels and opportunities?  contact us today!















organnact equine quality dedication and results





















barrel horse news
barrel horse world












contact us
contact the barrel futurities of america office
mailing address:106715 s 4540 rdvian, oklahoma 74962
phone: 479-551-3401cell: 918-774-3522email: cindyarnold797@gmail.com






quick links:bfa home
bfa f.a.q’s.
finals schedule
forms
futurity standings
derby standings
approved shows

current year results


rules
bfa sponsors
results archives
officers & directors
search our sitesearch






				powered by wordpress			

				all rights reserved  © barrel futurities of america			
				creative press theme by seos themes

















































