
moved to https://nbbd.com/bobpaty










 




bob paty has passed on.





my book of black and
 white photography,
 "structures of the deep south" 


stories


crested caracaras of

 viera wetlands







100 florida scenes




100 smoky mountain scenes





panoramic scenes


wild things of the 
smoky mountains


100 florida wildlife 
images, part one







100 florida wildlife
 images, part two



100 florida wildlife 
images, 
part three



100 florida wildlife 
images, 
part four



100 florida wildlife 
images, 
part five



100 florida wildlife 
images, part six






least bitterns of 
blue heron wetlands

bald eagles
of florida, part one

bald eagles
of florida part two 

wild turkeys








i have been encouraging people to go to the canvas gallery stretch mount prints. these canvas prints eliminate the cost of framing. you can expect to pay upwards of an additional $200.00 for framing of a conventional print. these are also called gallery wrap mounts or giclee. the photo is printed on a canvas material and stretched over a wood frame. it is actually wrapped around the frame so none of the wood is seen, similar to an oil painting. the canvas is sprayed with a special coating, and will remain lightfast and resist fading or deterioration for over fifty years. they are available in a matt, satin or a gloss finish. the print is shipped directly to you and is ready to hang when you receive it. the cost includes shipping and handling. if desirable, they can be inserted into a decorative frame later. click on shopping;  e mail me; or call me at 321-427-8486.






bob paty, a photographer, writer, lives in titusville, florida. in 1983, after twenty five years of enjoying hunting, fishing and camping in florida, he exchanged his guns and fishing tackle for a camera.

in addition to his quest to photograph scenic landscapes and wildlife in florida, bob has expanded his interests to the remote smoky mountains of  western north carolina and eastern tennessee. all of his photographs are of truly wild subjects, that are not constrained by cages or fences.

his photographs and articles have appeared in florida wildlife, florida sportsman, and wilderness magazine to name a few. bob's unique style of photography has earned over thirty awards at juried art shows and exhibitions in the southeastern united states.

bob has this to say about his photography:

"i enjoy the reaction people have to my photographs, especially when they see the color and markings god has created in birds and animals. they get a glimpse of our vanishing wildlife and environment that they have never seen before. the camera captures the moment and the resulting photograph can be around for a long time for people to enjoy."


 
bob  with a few of the many awards
and ribbons he has won
during his thirty years of
photography.



© outdoor images all photographs and text appearing on this site are the  property of bob paty.
 they are protected by the us copyright laws, and are not to be downloaded or reproduced 
in any way without the written permission of bob paty.





