



	welcome to ucreia - upstate carolina real estate investors association



































extended menu
homeeventsresourcesonline groupshome study coursesreal estate articlesreal estate glossaryaudio archivesdeals presentation formfinancial calculatorstenant screeningvendorsvendorsbecome a vendorfocus groupsmembership infojoinmember benefitsmissionour boardvolunteerjoin email listpremium features overviewterms & conditionsaffiliate reciprocityproperty listproperty list (all)property list (single family)property list (multi family)express successmy accountmembership cardmy dashboardmy websiteedit websitemy propertiesbuyer leadsseller leadsspecial report leadsproperties rss feedfaq (website)my downloadshow to videospremium featuresrepair estimatestraining videosseller net sheetco-marketingmore infomy profileedit profileevents attendedaccount historysign inuser faq view cartsign in






 2/17/2025: main monthly meeting-how to buy your next rental with no cash or credit with vena jones-cox




register


sign in


my dashboard


contact us











upstate carolina real estate investors association





upstate carolina real estate investors association





upstate creia menu
                        


homeeventsresourcesonline groupshome study coursesreal estate articlesreal estate glossaryaudio archivesdeals presentation formfinancial calculatorstenant screeningvendorsvendorsbecome a vendorfocus groupsmembership infojoinmember benefitsmissionour boardvolunteerjoin email listpremium features overviewterms & conditionsaffiliate reciprocityproperty listproperty list (all)property list (single family)property list (multi family)express successmy accountmembership cardmy dashboardmy websiteedit websitemy propertiesbuyer leadsseller leadsspecial report leadsproperties rss feedfaq (website)my downloadshow to videospremium featuresrepair estimatestraining videosseller net sheetco-marketingmore infomy profileedit profileevents attendedaccount historysign in view cart view morecontact us








not a member of ucreia?   join our fantastic group!want to ask questions, post properties, engage with other investors - join our email list22 workshops discount is back!  more information here                











main monthly meetingfebruary 17th , 6:00 pm - 9:00 pmembassy suites greenville golf resort meet the real estate goddess and find out how you can buy your next rental with no cash or credit wherever you are in the in the world, if you want real talk about the 2025 real estate market and get real-life advice and strategies about how to make the most of it, you should join us. at this month’s meeting, we’re talking about to buy more rentals using creative financing (subject to, owner held mortgages, creative partnerships, and more), and why the 2025 market is offering more opportunities to do that than we’ve seen in over a decade… get the details and reserve your seat here.









february 22th , 9:00 pm - 3:00 pmonline workshop you want passive income?really?let’s get you an efficient roadmap. guess what: even buying rentals and notes might not meet your goal of being really hands-off with your investments… …but investing in syndications and private placements will, if you know how to get to the point where you can, how to find those opportunities, evaluate them, and mitigate the risk. we’ve rounded up a real-life investor who’s done exactly that, and he’s going to spend a day shortcutting that process for you… go here to find out more and grab a link to join in!









upcoming events
 february 17main monthly meeting-how to buy your next rental with no cash or credit with vena jones-cox 6:00 pm - 9:00 pmcome learn some surprisingly simple ways that you can more and better deals using other people’s cash and credit. register for this event february 19haves needs and wants 9:00 am - 11:00 amoffer deals, money to borrow/lend, items to barter, skills to trade, etc, & try to match with someone who has what you need or needs what you have. members of ucreia and asheville, nc creia.  if you're not a member of ucreia, join now to participate! register for this event february 22the roadmap to true passive income with marc halpern 9:00 am - 4:00 pmis your ultimate goal in real estate true passive income—the kind where you have financial freedom and freedom of time? that’s a journey that you need to plan out carefully to make sure you get to the end. register for this event february 24experienced investors focus group 12:00 pm - 1:00 pmour experienced investors fg is joining efforts with ncreia to bring excellent speakers from across the country. register for this event february 25mobile home focus group 5:30 pm - 7:00 pmpart two of land development for mh with steven ancona.  steven will go into detail with the checklist to help you navigate the development of mh lots. register for this event february 26multi family/commercial fg 6:30 pm - 7:30 pmvarious topics— watch for details register for this event february 27short term rental focus group 6:00 pm - 7:00 pmshort term rental focus group.  we have assembled a panel of local ucreia members who have a variety of experience to lead this new interactive discussion group. topics will vary.  q&a encouraged register for this event march 3women's note group 10:30 am - 11:30 amnotes keep money moving. ucreia women's group (members only) to share knowledge in re backed promissory notes & help each other learn thru discussion, problem solving,  & knowledgeable speakers. virtual meeting. register for this event march 4george antone user group 6:00 pm - 8:00 pma private focus group for attendees of george antone financial 2 day seminar oct 2017, family bank, or purchased fynanc academy, or wealth/income amplifier. the group practices the intricate financial, lending formulas. deal analysis & structuring. register for this event march 5haves, needs, wants: buy sell trade 9:00 am - 11:00 amoffer deals, money to borrow/lend, items to barter, skills to trade, etc, & try to match with someone who has what you need or needs what you have. members of ucreia and asheville, nc creia.  if you're not a member of ucreia, join now to participate! register for this event march 6doa revived! (deals, offers, and analysis focus group) 6:00 pm - 7:30 pmdoa is resuscitated and is alive & well to help you learn to evaluate, dig into the facts, make more informed deicsions on if a "deal or no deal".  lisa harrison will use  comprehensive tools to research deals you bring. interactive group discussion register for this event march 8how to find, hire, and manage contractors with ray sasser 9:00 am - 4:00 pmthe hardest (and riskiest) part of flips and turnovers is finding and managing the right contractors. learn from an investor with over 4 decades’ experience in rehabbing. register for this event march 10new notes group 6:00 pm - 7:30 pmucreia is offering a new notes focus group for members and guests for notes education and opportunities to buy or sell notes, to be lead by david kahl, ucreia member and experienced note investor locally. register for this event march 10rei blackbook support group via zoom 7:00 pm - 8:00 pmmaximize your real estate profits. minimize your frustrations! register for this event march 11wired (women's) focus group 9:00 am - 10:30 amvirtual meeting!  join wired (women inspiring real estate development) monthly to listen, share and learn from each other. we run numbers, discuss strategies, issues, tips, challenge thought processes, analyze deals, do deals, motivate & support. register for this event march 13rental focus group 5:30 pm - 7:00 pmjoin fellow housing providers (or wanna be's) for lively discussions on a variety of topics to help you be a better hp with less headaches!  bring your questions for an open discussion. register for this event march 14private lender group 9:00 am - 10:00 amprivate lenders brainstorming sessions to share ideas , paperwork, etc to become better lenders.  bring your ideas. register for this event march 17main monthly meeting 6:00 pm - 9:00 pmvaluation for landlords: maintaining and increasing property value while actively renting, with paul ryll, appraiser, investor, and ucreia vendor.   licensed in both sc and nc (and others). register for this event march 19haves needs and wants 9:00 am - 11:00 amoffer deals, money to borrow/lend, items to barter, skills to trade, etc, & try to match with someone who has what you need or needs what you have. members of ucreia and asheville, nc creia.  if you're not a member of ucreia, join now to participate! register for this event march 22how to invest in notes with tracy z and fred ruwey 9:00 am - 4:00 pmlooking for an easy-to-understand explanation of how to invest in—or flip—notes, that also comes with a $397 home study course about exactly how to evaluate them? look no further register for this event march 24experienced investors focus group 12:00 pm - 1:00 pmour experienced investors fg is joining efforts with ncreia to bring excellent speakers from across the country. register for this event march 25mobile home focus group 5:30 pm - 7:00 pmmobile home focus group explores all aspects of mobile home investing with local experienced investors. a variety of topics is discussed each month with time for group q&a. register for this event march 26multi family/commercial fg 6:30 pm - 7:30 pmvarious topics— watch for details register for this event march 27short term rental focus group 6:00 pm - 7:30 pmshort term rental focus group.  we have assembled a panel of local ucreia members who have a variety of experience to lead this new interactive discussion group. topics will vary.  q&a encouraged register for this event april 1george antone user group 6:00 pm - 8:00 pma private focus group for attendees of george antone financial 2 day seminar oct 2017, family bank, or purchased fynanc academy, or wealth/income amplifier. the group practices the intricate financial, lending formulas. deal analysis & structuring. register for this event april 2haves, needs, wants: buy sell trade 9:00 am - 11:00 amoffer deals, money to borrow/lend, items to barter, skills to trade, etc, & try to match with someone who has what you need or needs what you have. members of ucreia and asheville, nc creia.  if you're not a member of ucreia, join now to participate! register for this event april 3doa revived! (deals, offers, and analysis focus group) 6:00 pm - 7:30 pmdoa is resuscitated and is alive & well to help you learn to evaluate, dig into the facts, make more informed deicsions on if a "deal or no deal".  lisa harrison will use  comprehensive tools to research deals you bring. interactive group discussion register for this event april 7women's note group 10:30 am - 11:30 amnotes keep money moving. ucreia women's group (members only) to share knowledge in re backed promissory notes & help each other learn thru discussion, problem solving,  & knowledgeable speakers. virtual meeting. register for this event april 8wired (women's) focus group 9:00 am - 10:30 amvirtual meeting!  join wired (women inspiring real estate development) monthly to listen, share and learn from each other. we run numbers, discuss strategies, issues, tips, challenge thought processes, analyze deals, do deals, motivate & support. register for this event april 10rental focus group 5:30 pm - 7:00 pmjoin fellow housing providers (or wanna be's) for lively discussions on a variety of topics to help you be a better hp with less headaches!  bring your questions for an open discussion. register for this event april 11private lender group 9:00 am - 10:00 amprivate lenders brainstorming sessions to share ideas , paperwork, etc to become better lenders.  bring your ideas. register for this event april 14new notes group 6:00 pm - 7:30 pmucreia is offering a new notes focus group for members and guests for notes education and opportunities to buy or sell notes, to be lead by david kahl, ucreia member and experienced note investor locally. register for this event april 16haves needs and wants 9:00 am - 11:00 amoffer deals, money to borrow/lend, items to barter, skills to trade, etc, & try to match with someone who has what you need or needs what you have. members of ucreia and asheville, nc creia.  if you're not a member of ucreia, join now to participate! register for this event:







this website uses cookies

                                this website uses cookies to improve user experience. by using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
                        




ok, i got it!

view cookies and privacy policy








contact us

upstate carolina real estate investors association

4501 old spartanburg rd, suite 15
taylors,
                                  sc
29687
(864) 542-4202




proud affiliate member of think realty



follow us





privacy
                            and 
                              security
                            policies
                        

                            your email will never be shared or sold to other members, vendors or any other third party without your consent.


disclaimer

www.upstatecreia.com
                             (upstate carolina real estate investors association) does not give legal, tax, economic, 
                              or investment advice.
                              upstate creia
                            disclaims all liability for the action or inaction taken or not taken as a result of 
                              communications from or to its members, officers, directors, employees and contractors. 
                              each person should consult their own counsel, accountant and other advisors as to legal, 
                              tax, economic, investment, and related matters concerning real estate and other investments.
                                





                                copyright 2025 ©
                                  upstate carolina real estate investors association
                                 all rights reserved.
                            



                                this
                                  reia
                                website is powered by:
                                  real estate promo.
                            















 











