











 






home
 :: 
student handbook
 :: 
professor l. j. telepo
 :: 
endorsements
 :: 
about the academy
 :: 
about reflexology
 :: 
ordering

pictures
 :: 
directions
 :: 
contact










reflexology medical - 267-424-4549 - international academy of medical reflexology












"this academy enforces a
serious disciplined approach projecting a high caliber of abilities,
skills, and ethics that the public deserves."





send your email -
click here and continue to send your inquiries for a professional career to learn reflexology then telephone promptly to ph: 267-424-4549 or fax:
610-438-0196. right now is the time to enroll for our september 26th - october 1st, 2013 (excluding sunday) to join our unique diploma award medical reflexology licensed program. in addition, yes, the international academy's official diploma clock hours are valid
nationwide - verify through your local business license entity
"for all medical reflexology patients"
please email the medical reflexology complementary health center for
your own personal appointment with a medical reflexologist. call now to
schedule an appointment for improved health through medical reflexology.
call ph: 267-424-4549 or fax: 610-438-0196

schedule - july licensed program is all filled and closed for enrollment - (50 instructional hours
	with licensed instructor)  call right now to admissions for the student
	friendly enrollment - ph: 267-424-4549
schedule - (july program is filled) - september 26th - october 1st, 2013 (excluding sunday september 29th, 2013) (50 instructional hours
	with licensed instructor) call right now to admissions for the student
	friendly enrollment - ph: 267-424-4549
schedule - january 6th - 10th, 2014 (50 instructional hours
	with licensed instructor) call right now to admissions for the student
	friendly enrollment - ph: 267-424-4549
schedule - april 10th - 15th, 2014 (excluding sunday april 13th, 2014) (50 instructional hours
	with licensed instructor)  call right now to admissions for the student
	friendly enrollment - ph: 267-424-4549
schedule - july 7th - 11th, 2014 (50 instructional hours
	with licensed instructor) call right now to admissions for the student
	friendly enrollment - ph: 267-424-4549
schedule - january 12th - 16th, 2015 (50 instructional hours
	with licensed instructor) call right now to admissions for the student
	friendly enrollment - ph: 267-424-4549

you have the option to enroll via a professional proctor in your
area, the clinic hours can be completed during regular clinic hours
(iamr's continuing education, preparation homework, research and patient screening, field trips), please call for a full
explanation for this important student friendly offer.
the policy of our career academy, you need only ten (10) completed
personal case studies required for graduation, this is an added
advantage to students that are enrolled in our fine academy.
please remember, we are very student mindful and friendly, and we
genuinely thank you for taking the post-secondary status of this
licensed school seriously, remember, we are not a mere course or
workshop, this school has a licensed program, and that is what makes all
the difference as to which school you apply to via your strict research
of medical reflexology schools!
lodging suggestions:
search lehigh valley, pennsylvania
days inn - address: 3400 airport road, allentown, pennsylvania 18109 - ph: 610-266-1000 (call the iamr - 267-424-4549) to receive corporate lodging consultants (clc) phone number for hugh lodging discount via professor lorraina telepo)(five  minutes from the mccann school)(the day inn is directly across from the lehigh valley airport - days inn also provides shuttle service to and from the airport, plus, to and from mccann college - inquire with the days inn)


the
international academy of medical reflexology is very pleased to announce
we are included with the educational directories, inc -  http://www.ediusa.com , please find
our fine academy at this website within the advanced search bar under
health professions and related programs and/or education


the
international academy of medical reflexology's patented definition for
medical reflexology is (c) learn reflexology: medical reflexology is a complementary, biological, integrative, blended health science, through
which an exercise pressure is applied to reflex areas, 
formed by 7,200 nerve endings in each
hand and foot, encouraging improved instruction
to each and every specific organ, gland, and part of the body, thus
persuading the body to biologically correct,
strengthen, and reinforce itself, to reach balance, normalization, and
homeostasis.



public awareness announcement: individuals and organizations are
assisted in identifying properly recognized licensed and accrediting
agencies and properly authorized postsecondary institutions. the us doe
reviews the operation of accrediting agencies. the official list of
recognized accrediting agencies is available at the website at:
http://www,ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/accreditation_pg5.htm recognized.
there is a difference between "authorized degree granting institutions"
and unapproved and unauthorized organizations that in essence "sell"
degrees, providing little or no quality education, are often referred to
as "degree mills". i encourage you to read degree mills, the billion
-dollar industry that has sold over a million fake diplomas by allen
ezell and john bear. however, we cannot attest to the accuracy of this
books information. the information in this memorandum from the
pennsylvania state board of private licensed schools should augment your
own independent investigation, or, if necessary, advice of legal
counsel, when assessing credentials of existing and future faculty,
administrators and other employees. to quote the letter received, "we
need to address this problem diligently to maintain quality and rigor in
our schools, and to ensure trust and confidence in our education
programs as preparation for the future citizens and employees of the
commonwealth. another website to investigate is
http://www.osac.state.or.us.oda to investigate "mill degrees".

 medical reflexology - the 
international academy of medical reflexology - is an "approved" program
profile - medical reflexology - licensed by the pennsylvania state board
of private licensed schools and reporting under the career code cip
(classification instructional program) 51.9999 - health profession and
related clinical sciences, other - see student handbook for details and
official codes and medical services reflexology. 
to send your email
- click here and continue to send your inquiries then telephone
promptly to ph: 267-424-4549 or fax: 610-438-0196. right now is your 
time to enroll for the september 26th - october 1, 2013 (excluding sunday) to professionally learn reflexology through our career licensed diploma program
commonwealth of pennsylvania
department of education
333 market street
harrisburg, pa 17126-0333
www.pde.state.pa.us
january 15, 2009

 
ms. lorraina telepo
international academy of medical reflexology
304 ninth street
west easton, pennsylvania 18042
 
dear ms. telepo:
this letter is to inform you that i have received your january 14,
2008 letter requesting that the primary name of your school be changed
to international academy of medical reflexology, effective immediately.
this change will be made in the private licensed schools database. you
will also receive a new school license with this name in the near
future. if you have any questions, please contact me.
 
sincerely,
john galganovicz
john p. galganovicz, board administrator
division of private licensed school
the new official licensed program approved name is medical
reflexology per the permission of the pennsylvania state board of
private licensed schools

once you have paid your tuition and have graduated from a school, can
you place trust in the piece of paper you have been awarded to be
recognized where you want to practice - the international academy of
medical reflexology has an approved "diploma" validating our approved
clock hours are applicable nationwide!
medical services reflexology - click
here for official government codes.

the licensed program gives you the privilege, the official codes give
you your permissions and restrictions, same as a driver's license gives
you your privilege to drive, and the official codes on the back of your
driver's license gives you your permissions and restrictions, be
grateful to affiliate with our fine academy with all of the official
govenrment codes. professor telepo has strived to reach this level of
gold standard competency for the "gold standards" for our academy and
occupation, profession and mutual career's. medical reflexologists, no
one should settle for less than the most official and career oriented
you can attain. in addition, remember, our fine academy is a member in
good standing of papsa, pennsylvania
association of private school administrator's.
medical reflexology offers you this outstanding overall health
enhancement program, working toward re-educating, re-patterning, and
re-conditioning the nerves through the neural/electrical system of the
body. the essential job description of the nerves is to instruct the
body; when the nerves improve, the instruction must improve, as a
result, the body must improve.
the medical reflexologists goal is to aid patients to improved
health, promote overall health enhancement, respect preventative
lifestyle health care, as well as practice for restorative therapy.
apply now to become a skilled, qualified medical reflexologist
graduating under medical services. the iaar academy is a licensed
program, resulting as a post-secondary status.
therefore, please do not confuse our program taught as a "mere"
workshop, with the end results all you have earned is a "certificate of
attendance", not a true "certification", check all certification claims
with your own state's department of education.
a research question for you, what would be your reasons for wanting
to enroll in this medical reflexology academy, licensed, post-secondary
program? respectfully your answer will be the "recognized" official
diploma with the official government codes (see student handbook for
codes) upon graduation, you only receive in this world what you pay for
and the contract enrollment agreement that you sign, we are not a
nametag only school?
it is strongly advised upon researching all schools that you ask if
the school is a post-secondary school with a licensed medical
reflexology program, request written program profile verification, or
does the school just teach as a workshop (granting you a certificate of
attendance at the workshop) only status.

there is a great official difference amongst an independent,
non-approved, self-standing workshop (attendance certificate only),
course, or seminar, in retrospect, to your selecting a government
licensed, approved career program, learn reflexology and learn the difference, call with
questions, do your homework well. in addition, only hours with the
instructor can be ligitimate tuition charged clock hours, homework hours
(no instructor in attendance) are not considered clock hours with the
department of education. a true certification is when you graduate from
an accredited school and pass an approved certification test, but, first
the school must be a licensed post-secondary school.
please consider strongly attending our academy that sets its career
goals for you as "gold standard", in retrospect, not a mere workshop
standard. medical services reflexology -
click here for official government codes.






send e-mail to postsecondary@reflexology.net
with questions or comments.
or call ph: 267-424-4549 and fax: 610-438-0196.








  ©copyright  professor lorraina j. telepo (c) "all rights reserved"
 powered by go daddy.com. 







best regards,
professor lorraina j. telepo, mrp
international academy of medical reflexology
https://reflexology.net and http://www.reflexologymedical.com

licensed by the pennsylvania state board of private licensed schools and reporting under educational cip classification of instructional program 51.9999 - health professions and related clinical sciences, other

click on student handbook on our website, then, print and review each page 2-7 on the left side of the picture then, follow-up with an immediate call to ph: 267-424-4549 or ph: 610-438-0021 - fax: 610-438-0196

next medical reflexology licensed program begins on september 26th - october 1st, 2013 (excluding sunday) - call admissions right now for our student friendly enrollment process to begin your rewarding career in medical reflexology