

  



intersteel - homepage



































































home


products


about


careers


contact













steel with integrity
amazing internationally sourced steel at great prices.






		get in touch with us: (210) 408 - 1500
	







products










pipe
dsaw and erw carbon steel pipe for oil, gas and water transmission lines in api and astm standards.









tubing
square, rectangular and round welded steel tubes for applications such as fences, transportation, farming equipment and furniture. available in hr, p&o and galvanized finishes.









coils
high quality rolled steel products, available in coils and sheets. intersteel source the finest steel of all grades, processed just how you need it. we provide galvanized steel cold-rolled, hot-rolled, hot-dipped, and aluminized steel. find steel coils for manufacturing, or for industrial use.





see all products










what you get at intersteel






						access
					



						order management
					



						shipping
					



						storage
					



						financing
					










access


instant access to quality steel from reputable steel mills at great prices.
we are client centric. we advocate and negotiate on behalf of our clients.
short lead times: usually 3 to 6 weeks.













order management


we constantly oversee, monitor and expedite your orders - pre and post production.
we keep you informed and updated on orders.













shipping


intersteel takes care of all logistics and deliveries of your orders.
efficient and straight to your door delivery.
you sign for the steel, and everyone walks away happy.













storage
don’t have enough space to store your steel?


upon request, we provide roll and hold services and will store the steel you ordered from us for up to 60 days for a reasonable fee.
we ensure availability and convenient delivery to your business.













financing


with an intersteel line of credit, we provide open terms for transactions in the united states and letters of credit for international transactions.
do you buy full truckloads or boat loads of steel? apply now!
















we locate, inspect, negotiate, coordinate and deliver straight to your door, consistently and reliably

intersteel was founded in 1989 in san antonio, texas, with the sole purpose of helping companies in the us obtain quality steel at globally competitive prices. we started this journey with one truckload, and one aspiration. today we service many companies, and have truckloads arriving at their doors everyday. we are carving a new and innovate way of doing business. we are here to make big impacts to the steel trade industry and bring value to every customer we sell to. we exist because of our integrity, drive, passion for making an impact to those we serve diversity, and determination. we help our clients make more money by bringing companies together and creating win-win relationships.





big impact
results matter. we are in this to make a big difference for our trade partners, our team, our investors and everyone we touch!


high quality
work, products and services.


integrity
we are authentic and we do the right things right.


be professional
we are smart and hard workers. we make things happen, are accountable, consistent and reliable. this is how we roll and enables us to produce high quality work efficiently, effectively and consistently with no excuses.


move fast
we do more with less, are precise, efficient and we respect time and money.


right attitude
we are a group of intelligent self-starters who have a strong work ethic, show gratitude, passion, commitment, relentlessness, humility, kindness, positive, can-do, accountable (no excuses), perseverance, healthy (mind and body), fun, bold and kindness.


grow
improve and innovate constantly.


team work
big impact, high quality work, done with integrity, professionalism, speed and constant improvement can only get done with an amazing group of people who are self-starters, have the right attitude, work together, are highly capable, humble, hungry, and smart.


respect
we have a commitment to integrity and ethics. we respect our customers and strive to make them happy.







order now
minimum order quantity by truck loads.

(210) 408 - 1500
request information














(210) 408 - 1500


					designed by wander




company

products
about
contact



careers

jobs



legal

privacy policy
terms and conditions














inquire for truck loads




my information


































request information





thank you!
			your request has been received.
		















