



kingston greenways association




















newsletter 
          kingston history 
          photos 
          maps 
          our mission 
		  join us
cook natural area 
          princeton nursery lands 
		  tree registry
links 
          reading room 
          contact us









coming events
kingston historical society tea time talks
february 23, 2025 at 2:30 pm
the society will host three fifteen-minute talks at the kingston united methodist church, 9 church street in kingston:
– the road through kingston in 1679 -kristina hill and charlie dieterich read from the 1679 travel diary of jasper danckaerts
– the kingston green belt -tari pantaleo, president, kingston greenways association
– kingston in the american revolution (1776-1783) – george luck, vp, kingston historical society

this is a chance to meet neighbors in a relaxed atmosphere while learning three fascinating stories of the kingston area.after the talks there will be 
time for tea and conversation with the presenters.  admission is free, but the kingston historical society invites you to bring a small cash donation for 
the congregation to help pay for use of the church hall.for more information, please visit 
khs tea time talks
march 2025 is d&r canal care month!

3/01: manville cleanup, 10 am to noon (rain date 3/02). 685 weston canal road, somerset nj 08873
3/02: duck island towpath cleanup, noon to 2 pm (rain date 3/23). parking coordinates--40°10'59.1°n/74°43'54.4"w
3/15: bull's island towpath trek, 8:30 am to 11:30 am. 21 daniel bray highway, stockton nj 08559
3/29: kingston bamboo removal, 10 am to 1 pm. 145 mapleton road, kingston nj 08528



past events
martin luther king, jr. day of service work session
monday, january 20, 2025


in partnership with friends of princeton nursery lands, 20 volunteers liberated vines from trees, erased graffiti on signage, collected trash, and 
cleaned the clivus. thanks to all for your hard work on a frigid day!


photos by boël denne-hinnov
christmas bird count
sunday, december 15, 2024

below is karen linder's colorful report on the day's count:
"we are grateful for the sharp eyes of our counters for 2024! the total number of species this year was 36, and 558 birds (a low number). [for comparison, 
last year in the kingston segment of the count, we saw 42 different species and recorded 1931 individuals in the open space in kingston. about half of 
those birds were a notable number of robins.] several birds were among the missing on the count day including crows (only 1) and grackles (none). we did 
not spy the eagles, no black vultures or raptors of any kind except for 2(!) red shouldered hawks, a new high.  we saw no ducks (not even mallards), nor 
bluebirds, despite fledging many youngsters this spring on the seed beds.  our canada goose numbers were surprisingly low, though there were plenty of 
these big birds in other areas.  adding birds seen +/-3 days of the count [count week birds] brings the number of species to 42 [adult bald eagle, 
coopers hawk, red tailed hawk, black vulture, mallard, male/female yellow-bellied sapsuckers].

"we had one new species in our kingston count this year; a male rusty blackbird that glared at us with icy eyes from a swampy spot near heathcote pond. 
two of our counters have been entertaining a hermit thrush, not often seen in our count.  we also saw 4 deer, plus a vibrant fox adjacent to heathcote 
meadows. for me, the "best birds" of the kingston count this year had to be the kinglets. my morning started before 7:30 am with a stunning display of 
the red crown of a tiny, hyperactive male ruby-crowned kinglet eating goldenrod seeds in my yard. then, during the day, we had two golden-crowned kinglets, 
one displaying his gold and red-orange feathers, the other foraging with typical flitting intensity of these manic birds. for those not lucky enough to 
have experienced kinglets, above is an image (not my photo!!) of a rare moment when a golden crowned kinglet, one of the tiniest of songbirds, is standing 
still and showing his crown.  they can be very challenging to keep up with this time of year, as they flit through dried plants, collecting seeds to eat.
another great reason to plant native plants, and to leave stems and seeds standing in the fall to feed these little guys."
cbc 2024 results
fall foliage walk on the millstone aqueduct loop
sunday, october 27, 2024

karen linder led a leisurely one-mile walk, offering some history of the aqueduct--the meeting point of carnegie lake, the millstone river, and the 
d&r canal.

there were plenty of opportunities to observe and learn about flora and fauna encountered along the way on this splendid autumn afternoon.

earth day cleanup
saturday, april 20, 2024
the morning crew collected a total of ten bags of trash plus several large items around rockingham and along kingston-rocky hill road.


the afternoon volunteers focused efforts on cleaning up in the heathcote meadows preserve.



photos courtesy of jennifer tobin, charlie dieterich, and karen linder
the efforts of these willing participants made an immediate and visible improvement to our local open space. 
thank you to all for celebrating earth day with us with vigor and spirit!
audubon christmas bird count
sunday, december 17, 2023
thank you to our counters: karen linder, louis wilkens, mark peel, anne zeman, rakesh kumar and  zion, with a special shout-out to field ornithologist 
dan froehlich of poulsbo, washington, who provided afternoon count data for heathcote preserve and observed one of the two pileated woodpeckers seen in 
this year’s count.

all told, the group walked 10.6 miles, observed 42 different species and counted 1931 individuals in various parts of the open space 
in kingston.  the day was misty and 40 to 50 degrees, a relatively nice day for counting birds.  the most notable feature of this year’s count were the 
robins, vast flocks of them, zooming from branch to branch and chowing down on callery pears and honeysuckle berries.  the counters in mapleton preserve 
stopped counting after 950 birds, as they could not tell which birds had already been counted.
  
our local eagles appear to have a new nest.  an adult bald eagle was observed at 9:30 am on the day of the count.  their previous nest, in a white pine 
close to the d&r canal, seems to have fallen to the ground. attempts to shore up the spot with timbers have been ignored by the birds, who seem 
to be trying again in a mighty hardwood tree on the “seminary” side of mapleton road. let’s hope they have better luck this time!  evening calls from 
two great horned owls and a screech owl near basin street rounded out the count.
cbc 2023 results--kingston
kga annual meeting and program: thinking outside the box about your woods and bogs: how private forestry practices can protect rare turtles
wednesday, november 29, 2023 on zoom
turtles are well-known for their longevity. the oldest member of this group (a seychelles giant tortoise named jonathan) celebrated his 191st birthday 
earlier this year! while a long lifespan is certainly a credit, it also lends a false sense of security when it comes to the stability of a species. high 
density does not equal “healthy” if young individuals are not rejuvenating a population.

bog turtle, photo by eric sambol
new jersey has been proactive in protecting native turtles through state law, but since much of the remaining habitat available for our rarest species 
occurs on private property, landowner collaboration is essential for their continued survival. during this talk, conserve wildlife foundation of new 
jersey (cwf) biologist christine healy, introduced us to three of our local turtles (box, wood, and bog), discussed management strategies that can be 
employed in our forests and wetlands to benefit them, and shared resources that provide financial and technical support to turtle champions.
christine healy's full presentation is highly recommended, and is now available on youtube: 
christine healy on nj's rare turtles
fall foliage walk--"seeds, nuts, and whirlygigs"
saturday, october 21, 2023

karen linder led an absorbing and educational walk through the mapleton preserve. we examined the multiple mechanisms that trees have evolved to survive 
and replicate. fall colors were particularly and vividly beautiful following a good rain and favorable temperatures the week before.


photos by boël denne-hinnov
blue moon watch
wednesday, august 30, 2023

although the moon was obscured by clouds and trees as it was rising, it was a beautiful early evening in heathcote park. the air was pleasantly warm, and 
insect choruses serenaded an appreciative gathering. those of us who continued to watch the night sky from home were rewarded with the spectacle of a 
glorious moon almost too bright to view with the naked eye.
earth day cleanups
saturday, april 22, 2023

the hearty morning corps of volunteers cleaned up around rockingham and along laurel avenue on the franklin township side of kingston, while
the afternoon crew focused on litter in mapleton preserve and roadside trash along ridge road and division street on the south brunswick side.
our warm thanks to all who participated in making our community cleaner and safer!

audubon christmas bird count
      sunday, december 16th, 2022

      the counting area for this year’s audubon christmas bird count cbc) included mapleton preserve and seedbeds, the upper nursery, heathcote farms, and the 
  cook preserve. some highlights included a calling red-shouldered hawk, a raptor that has been seen (and heard) multiple times near basin street in 
  recent years. hear their call, and learn more at red-shouldered hawk


  red-tailed hawks were well represented, with 8 seen on the count day, including an amorous pair sitting close to one another on a tree branch. the “best 
  bird of the day” had to be a lovely male northern harrier; a slim grey bird with a long banded tail, who was gliding low over the seedbeds looking for 
  breakfast.

  one of “our” eagles was spotted in a tree, not far from the canal. both birds have been observed at their nest on mapleton road. according to 
  njdep, in 2022 this pair fledged two chicks, adding to the total of 335 eaglets raised in new jersey last year, from 250 active nests. this is a dramatic 
  comeback from the 1970s and 1980s, when, due to widespread use of ddt, the new jersey eagle population was reduced to a single pair in a remote part of 
  cumberland county.

  there were a lot of flickers (9) and blue jays (22) observed, and more juncos (28) than we saw last year.  however, no yellow-rumped warblers were found, 
  for the third year in a row. cedar waxwings were absent as well, although close to 100 robins were seen eating holly, callery pear and bittersweet near 
  ridge road. a flock of 22 turkeys was also seen.

  click here to see the full count results: cbc 2022

  many thanks to our counters this year!

doug tallamy on the nature of oaks

    wednesday, october 5, 2022 on zoom

  professor tallamy's webinar is now available on youtube: doug tallamy on the 
  nature of oaks
did you know...
  oaks are the best soil stabilizers?
  oaks and blue jays evolved together?
  oaks make great street trees?
  oaks' excellent leaf litter protects soil communities?
 learn more about these incomparable trees and the tremendous diversity of life they support! 

    doug tallamy is the t. a. baker professor of agriculture in the department of entomology and wildlife ecology at the university of delaware, where he has 
      authored 106 research publications and has taught insect related courses for 41 years. chief among his research goals is to better understand the many 
      ways insects interact with plants and how such interactions determine the diversity of animal communities.

      his book bringing nature home was published by timber press in 2007, the living landscape, co-authored with rick darke, was published in 
      2014; nature's best hope, a new york times best seller, was released in february 2020, and his latest book the nature of oaks was released 
      by timber press in march 2021.

      in 2021 he cofounded homegrown national park with michelle alfandari. his awards include 
      recognition from the garden writer’s association, audubon, the national wildlife federation, the garden club of america, and the american horticultural 
      association.

 

sunday evening walk in heathcote meadows
sunday, august 21, 2022

photo by john keisers
light breezes and a mild temperature favored our group on this leisurely walk through heathcote meadows. late summer grasses, boneset, goldenrod, milkweed,
queen anne's lace, virginia creeper, new york ironweed, coppery curly dock, horse nettle, mountain mint, tick trefoil, rosy camphor-weed, and fleabane 
were plentiful, along with less welcome plants like mugwort, chinese bush clover, and poison ivy.

camphor-weed
bird activity was light, but we were graced with two flyovers by a great blue heron, and scattered bluebirds. all in all, a lovely walk!
earth day cleanups
  saturday, april 23, 2022
  fine weather and a robust turnout on both the franklin and south brunswick sides of route 27 resulted in one of the best earth day cleanups ever!

above, volunteers at the morning session collected 20 bags of trash near rockingham historic site and along laurel avenue.

below, afternoon litter collectors found plenty to fill their bags in the mapleton preserve (including the new "blue" trail, to be officially opened on june 4th, 
  national trails day), on the rail trail, and along ridge road and division street.
photos by breeanne lemmerling











 

  
 












newsletter 
          kingston history 
          photos 
          maps 
          our mission 
		  join us
cook natural area 
          princeton nursery lands 
		  tree registry
links 
          reading room 
          contact us






