












home





















































              
 


 
    home



  gallery



  upcoming



  contact us











    
 





           

  welcome!
music by jeff johnson

  

bandcamp



 

  from johnson & keaggy
now spinning everywhere!

  

download/stream



 

  circle me
a celtic prayer

  

watch



 

  cappadocia
music & images

  

watch



 

  ever on
arkmusic website exclusive

  

listen









   features


  
 music for winter 
the best songs from johnson & dunning's acclaimed celtic christmas studio albums plus seven live tracks.    

all links




  
 echoes – the best of 2024 
one of the nationally syndicated echoes top 30 albums of 2024!   

read more here




  
 now spinning everywhere! 
purchase the cd, digital album & stream.   

all links




  
 an ambient journey 
 eremo (latin/italian: “refuge,” “hermitage”) features a twenty-nine minute musical journey into an audio sanctuary of ethereal and evocative soundscapes for personal reflection and contemplation. 
   

download/stream




  
 contemporary celtic 
 a retrospective compilation from the acclaimed contemporary celtic duo, jeff johnson and brian dunning. featuring a brand new track and thirty-one past songs, “coming, going” highlights the duo’s thirty plus year musical collaboration. 
   

download/stream




  
 the bard & the warrior 
now available on spotify, amazon, apple music youtube and other streaming services.    

download/stream




  
   
 
music for prayer 
  the digital release from jeff johnson & janet marie chvatal.
caim (pronounced “ky-em”) a circle prayer; from the gaelic word meaning protection or sanctuary.
   

download/stream




   

 jeff johnson’s music spans forty years of over fifty solo and collaborative releases featuring progressive/rock, jazz/new age, contemporary celtic and contemplative worship stylizations. he has collaborated with such diverse artists as irish flutist, brian dunning, jazz bassist, david friesen, classical vocalist, janet marie chvatal and guitar virtuoso, phil keaggy. most of his recordings – all self-produced and recorded – have been released on his own ark records/arkmusic label which he began in 1977. he regularly leads a contemplative worship service featuring readings from the psalms, music and silent prayer called the selah service at churches and retreats . he lives on camano island in the pacific northwest with his wife, susie.


   related links


   spotify stream selected releases 
more
 youtube stream arkmusic videos & albums 
more
 applemusic  stream selected releases 

more


    subscribe to the arkmusic newsletter
 

  

sign up now








      




   
 ark records / arkmusic


   
 copyright © all rights reserved.

 
    

 

 

 








    created with





















































































  
  share by:










