





counsellingresource.com – psychology, therapy & mental health resources





 
welcome!take psychological self-tests and quizzes, read about symptoms and treatments, compare types of counselling and psychotherapy, learn about secure online therapy, and more.popular quizzes and information about therapy
here’s a sampling of a few of the quizzes and articles about therapy which our readers like; just check the menu at the top of the page for more.
schizophrenia test and early psychosis indicator (stepi)test yourself for the early symptoms of the schizophrenia prodrome, which may appear before an individual becomes fully psychotic. this test takes account of both positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia.dr greg mulhauser, managing editoradhd test: adult adhd screening quizidentify symptoms of adult add/adhd using this 24-question self-test by jasper and goldberg. to test for additional mitigating factors which may preclude a diagnosis of adhd, see our newer “structured adult adhd self-test (saast): test yourself for adhd”.counsellingresource research staffonline therapy and online counsellingonline therapy or counselling can provide a safe and supportive environment in which you can focus on your own life and on what matters to you, working at your own pace and — in the case of email-based online counselling — with more time to reflect.dr greg mulhauser, managing editorstockholm syndrome: the psychological mystery of loving an abuserif you’re in a controlling and abusive relationship, you may recognize several of the characteristics described in this article by consulting clinical psychologist dr joseph m. carver, phd. beginning with a description of how bonds form between victim and abuser, the article continues with observations about cognitive dissonance and offers suggestions for friends and family of victims.dr joseph m carver, phd
frequently visited articles
check the psychology, philosophy and real life section to find some of our most visited articles on a wide range of topics.
illeism and narcissismcontrary to what you might read in political blogs, it isn’t a sure sign of narcissism when people talk about themselves in the third person. the truth is that much clearer clues about someone’s narcissism can be found in how they regard you and the other people in their lives.dr george simon, phdpersonalities who won’t take “no” for an answeraggressive personalities hate taking “no” for an answer, and when they encounter one of life’s roadblocks, they invariably want to tear it down or somehow get around it.dr george simon, phdpsychology: art or science?good clinicians not only have to stay abreast of the research, they have to bring some common sense and seasoned skepticism to their analysis of the research findings in order to incorporate only sound, reliable, and proven methods into the practice of their art.dr george simon, phd
popular questions from the ask the psychologist archives
stop by our sister site ask the psychologist to browse through a few of the replies to nearly 3000 questions like these submitted by our readers.
can psychologists have tattoos or piercings?q: though i have problems myself, i will probably send them at another time. but right now i am looking into becoming a clinical psychologist when i grow older. i also really love post-hardcore (screamo as people refer to it) and hardcore music. i plan on getting tattoos and piercings, and things of that nature. […]dr shailagh clarke, phdi seem to act differently in each social circle, so who is the real me?q: ever since i started school i’ve had a lot of friends in different social circles. since i’m a skier, climber, runner, “smart guy,” and former football player, i have very different types of friends, each of them belonging in their own social circles. this leads to my problem. my friends each belong mainly to […]michael wiederman, phdmanaging a histrionic motherq: my mother is confirmed — not by a psychologist of her own, but by my psychologist — to have histrionic personality disorder. i could tell stories that make you wonder if i’m making them up. i have to say that i’m learning to keep myself safe from harm, while still keeping contact with her. […]dr misty hook, phd






search


therapypsychology quizzesblogin practicesupervisionreviewshelpcounselling resourcedisorders & help – our sitesmental health referenceuk therapist directoryuk cbt directoryus psychologist and therapist directoryaustralian counselling directorytherapy, tests and quizzesonline therapydiagnostics and medicationsadhd testbipolar testschizophrenia testdepression testlove & relationship quizself-helpaboutabout uscontactprivacycookies and privacyadvertiseoverseen by an international advisory board of distinguished academic faculty and mental health professionals with decades of clinical and research experience in the us, uk and europe, counsellingresource.com provides peer-reviewed mental health information you can trust. our material is not intended as a substitute for direct consultation with a qualified mental health professional. counsellingresource.com is accredited by the health on the net foundation.
copyright © 2002-2025. all rights reserved.terms of useprivacy policy

