





the music lists -






























skip to the content





the music lists





show menu
hide menu























irish music: prostest and drinking songs


april 4, 2021
 / 
vickie lee



when most people think of irish music, they think of the music of step dancing, or rowdy drinking songs sung at a pub. there is a wealth more to irish music than just that.
there were songs that protested war, like “four green fields”. there were also irish parody songs, such as “finnegan’s wake”, which helped bring humor to somber occasions.
the song “four green fields” tells the story of an old woman reminiscing about her for green fields that she had. the woman represents ireland, and the fields are the four provinces of ireland. the song details the war that was fought between ireland and england for control of ireland. the song mentions a field that is still “in strangers’ hands”. this is a reference to ulster, the province of ireland that is still under the control of england. the song is a gentle but obvious call for a completely free ireland. soft but strong.
“finnegan’s wake” is a combination of a drinking song and an irish parody song. the song pokes fun at a wake that gets quite rowdy. at the end of the wake, the corpse (who was not really dead in the first place) wakes up. an irish wake can be just as rowdy as a pub. the irish culture believes in celebrating their dead, and it is not uncommon for whiskey to be a part of that celebration. things can get rowdy and jovial. this song demonstrates that part of irish culture, and also pokes a little bit of healthy fun at it. the irish are a people who are not afraid to laugh at themselves.
irish music is a culture unto itself. it can evoke laughter, sorrow, and any emotion in between. all anyone interested in learning about irish culture has to do is listen to irish music.







why music is such a driving force in horror movies


june 26, 2020
 / 
vickie lee



a girl with a flashlight walks up to a creepy old cabin.
the music becomes high, and suspenseful ass she pushes the door open.
she closes the door behind her and the music holds a steady high note.
there is a sudden jolt of music as the masked killer steps from a janitor’s closet, grabs her, and slits her throat. then the music drops low as the killer tosses her body to the floor, the evil deed done. would this be as scary without the music?
most likely not. if comical music was put behind it, it would most likely incite a different reaction, and with no music the whole scene might just seem downright silly. music is really what seals the deal in a scary move. when the hapless victims are actually safe, the music is lighthearted. when the music changes and becomes high pitched or ominous, impending doom is on its way. that’s when audiences start to bite their nails.
the music sends subconscious messages to the brain. the mind knows what to expect, and it reacts with a shot of adrenaline. this is why so many people jump during movies. the lighting and background noise may help, but without the music, it’s just not the same. this is yet another good example of how music connects to and drives our most basic thoughts and instincts.






© 2025 the music lists
theme by anders norén — up ↑





