

















joshua expeditions



















































































































menu
skip to content
where we travel

by destination
by program


how we travel

air-only travel
church groups
colleges
family adventures
int. student groups
school tours


about
contact us
my travel

request a quote
traveler application
expedition form
log-in
make a payment
group leaders lounge
traveler lounge
blog





search for:











while traveling is our passion, traveling safely is our priority!
read about our tour safety recommendations.






joshua expeditions




explore ethens




































high quality, christ-centered student educational travel engaging the world by inspiring purpose, developing leaders, and sharing christ.travel the world with je



destinations
   



programs
   



make a payment
   inspiringpurpose


we provide christian global opportunities that will challenge individuals to consider god’s purpose in their lives through international site talks, incredible nature excursions, or simple intentional conversations.


developingleaders


we provide global mission opportunities that will examine an individual’s character, expand their perspective, and challenge them to greater leadership as they develop a greater understanding of the world through travel.


sharingchrist


we provide global opportunities for individuals to engage others with the gospel. individuals are challenged to take a spirit of humility and love as they serve under local ministries to advance the kingdom through travel.








what travelers are saying...


this was one of the best trips i’ve ever been on!! i can definitely say it was life-changing.amy s, teacheri loved that je planned most of the meals to focus on the local cuisine. it was a great experience!alissa p, teacheri love this organization! it makes planning so easy and we have never been disappointed.kristen p, teacherthank you for your faithfulness in serving jesus through this wonderful ministry of student travel. i highly recommend je!diane h, vice principalje is christ-centered and they understand the importance of training students to have an eternal perspective.dr. larry t, head of schoolthe trained guides of je have led with such excellence that our students have been encouraged to share christ.dr. s.l. sherrill, superintendenti’ve traveled with je for the last nine years and i would not imagine traveling with any other company.maribeth d, teacherje’s depth of knowledge, logistics, and well-trained guides are why i don’t take trips with any other company.scott t, teacher

















 about
contact us
destinations
programs
site map















about
contact
latin america
europe
north america
asia
caribbean
other regions
explore
education
missions
school tours
int. school tours
colleges
church groups























































send















 







































