






tom patire – america's leading personal safety expert



































skip to content













menu


home
tom patire
safety programs
cdt
security services
martial ops
 










call today 1 (201) 690-6766  
facebook


twitter


linkedin


youtube


instagram



 















menu


home
tom patire
safety programs
cdt
security services
martial ops
 


















































cdt - crisis de-escalation training
learn more





















safety programs - training for life
learn more





















martial ops - america's personal defense system
learn more


























 



buy one get one free!


 



















 



buy one get one free!


 



























 



life & times interview


 


































tom patire






tom patire is america's leading personal safety expert ®

tom patire is america's foremost expert on personal safety. dubbed america's leading personal safety expert® by multi-facets of the media, tom has dedicated his life to educating people about personal safety, personal well-being, and personal protection. through his comprehensive lecture series, motivational speaking, best-selling books, and customized courses tom has become and remains the leader when it comes to personalized safety. his courses are empowering and educational based on confrontational avoidance techniques, situational awareness cues and self-escape methods. tom has empowered tens of thousands of ordinary
people of all ages throughout the world with his life saving tom’s tips ® and tom’s techniques ®.
as an elite bodyguard to the world's vips as well as a fellow concerned parent, tom places great emphasis on keeping safe those around us, be they our families, children, or senior citizens. as a result, tom has spoken at length and authored many materials promoting personalized safety, travel safety, work safety, home safety and general public safety tips for all ages especially children, families, women and senior citizen.
tom patire's personal safety videos, self-protection
books, and media appearances
in addition to his best-selling books, including tom patire's personal protection handbook and his tom's tips dvd , plus his top selling portable safeloc door lock (www.getsafeloc.com), tom has been featured in a variety of television and print media discussing personal safety, such as rachel ray, nancy grace, a & e, cbs, nbc, fox, good morning america, life & times, colbert report and all of the major network and cable media outlets. he has also been featured in family circle, redbook, fortune magazine, cosmo, the wall street journal, and other mainstream publications. tom was also nominated for an emmy award in educational programming for his well-received child safety program stranger danger feature on fox tv!
afety first because you may not get a second chance! ®








learn more































listed in forbes magazine as the self-defense guru for

chauffeurs, security personnel and the wealthy tycoons.
 



























inducted into the most prestigious
hall of fame in the world for martial artists.


















testimonials












tom patire is a consummate professional and carries with him the expertise and knowledge necessary to ensure that an audience is well trained in the topic at hand.  tom is personable and sets his audience at ease, ensuring that the training process is easy to digest and, most importantly, memorable.  tom’s knowledge is abundant and his myriad of experiences are utilized to focus in on particular points of interest and make the audience feel connected to the conversation.  i highly recommend tom patire.

wendy mcguire
chief executive officer
boys & girls club of paterson and passaic






















donna koshad
mother













"i must write to express our sincere thanks for bringing your extraordinary see n flee child safety program to our school system. grabbing kids’ attention and maintaining it is not an easy thing to accomplish – but you achieved that and made learning to be safe - fun. thank you for helping our students take giant steps toward being safe and staying safe."






















lisa marie fortunato
fort lee school #2 - pta president









































tom patire
stranger danger
fox tv































































tom on tv:



































































































 











phone:1 (201) 690-6766

fax:1 (201) 690-6769

outside us:1 (201) 690-6766

email tom:tompatire@tompatire.com
 





copyright © 2024 the tom patire group all rights reserved.  privacy policy 




scroll to top








