








c.r.a.s.h. | colorado rocketry association of space hobbyists


















































c.r.a.s.h.
colorado rocketry association of space hobbyists



menu
skip to content
home
faq

about crash
locations & directions
frequently asked questions
launch site rules
dry weather flight restrictions
nar model rocket safety code
flight cards
nar insurance certificate


events calendar
friends of c.r.a.s.h.

outreach

are you an individual who wants to learn about rocketry?
are you a teacher or a student working on a class project?
are you with the scouts or a club?
want to become a crash mentor?


c.r.a.s.h talk
national organizations
local colorado clubs
vendors
members’ personal rocketry pages
miscellaneous rocketry info
bruce markielewski – rest in peace
archive

competition results
naram reports
newsletters




contact us
join the nar
 








join c.r.a.s.h at our launch site in ft lupton!


c.r.a.s.h. is launching at our ft. lupton site from 9 am to 1 pm. check the calendar on the right.  the entrance gate is located at 40.10213n, -104.7515 on county road 16.
from ft. lupton – take highway 85 north to county rd. 16. turn right (east) on county rd. 16. in ~2 miles it will change to barley ave. continue on barley east for another 2 miles to the gate on the south. proceed through the gate and continue south along the telephone lines to the parking area on your left (east).
google map directions to the gate.
do not ever force your way through a closed gate. 

if you encounter a locked gate, you are in the wrong place or the launch was canceled.

please respect our neighbors property, do not trespass, this is their home and we are guests here.
follow road until you reach the launch site. we no longer need to close the gate while launches are taking place.
there are no restroom facilities on site. when you get to ft lupton, please make a pit stop before heading to the site. 
no go for launch
c.r.a.s.h. is national association of rocketry section #482.
we conduct all of our launches in accordance with the model rocket safety code and nar model rocket safety code .
crash conducts faa-notified, non-waivered launches. this means that we can fly rockets with a maximum gross liftoff weight of 1,500 grams (approximately 3.3 lbs., or 52 oz.), and a propellant weight limit of 125 grams. this propellant limit includes some 38mm aerotech reloadable h-class motors (h123, h242), as well as a few others. we’ve had lot’s of successful level 1 certification flights.
if you are unsure if a certain motor – or combination of motors – is permitted, please ask before flying. sparkies are not allowed. if you are flying multi-stage please check before launching. depending upon dry weather conditions they may be prohibited.
one of the biggest challenges we see beginners have is with igniters, please review our pdf about correct igniter installation to help ensure more successful rocket launches.
note: dry weather flight restrictions may be in effect depending upon conditions, please review them here.
c.r.a.s.h. holds sport launches twice each month year ’round. launches are held on the first sunday at 9 am and the third saturday at 9 am. 
everyone is welcome to attend. there is no fee for launching with us, but contributions are welcome, and will help us maintain and improve our equipment.  

stem and groups
c.r.a.s.h. members love to share stem knowledge with anyone interested in model rockets. did you know this simple toy teaches aerospace, aviation, engineering, chemistry, aerodynamics and mechanics? it appeals to anyone also interested in astronomy, 3d-printing and manufacturing. kids love this hands-on learning method and putting principals into practice with safe, professional help.
students who keep up with this activity, are top contenders for future jobs in the aerospace industry and other technical professions. the colorado front range, known as “aerospace alley”, has one of the highest concentrations of aerospace companies in the nation. colorado brings in students from all over the globe to meet job demands. many of these companies have expressed interest in developing talent locally, so that the time spent achieving clearance levels could be shortened and their productivity would greatly increase. your student could be earning these good-paying jobs, right here in colorado, with skills learned from c.r.a.s.h.
email us at crash.rocketry(replace this parenthesis with the @ sign)gmail.com so we may assist you with letting your student or hobbyist fly.


please donate! rockets don’t fly by themselveswe don’t charge dues or fees. it costs us around $3,000 a year to lease the site from the land board, store the trailer and equipment, and perform needed maintenance. your donation not only helps c.r.a.s.h maintain its equipment, but also provide free instruction about model rocketry to scouts, students, civil air patrol cadets, and hobbyists. 
c.r.a.s.h is classified by the irs as a 501(c)(3) charitable and educational non-profit organization. all gifts/contributions made to c.r.a.s.h are deductible to the donor to the extent allowed by law.  if you need our documentation, or would like a tax receipt, please drop us an email at crash.rocketry(replace this parenthesis with the @ sign)gmail.com

join the national association of rocketry today.
your membership in the nar helps support crash and all the other member clubs across the country.













follow us on facebook! 





proudly powered by wordpress






