



















premiere networks




















































      skip to main content
    












programming


advertising

about us
international


engineering












we're the #1 syndicator of
						domestic
						radio programming
						reaching 245 million people each month

learn how
							





















programming








talk









entertainment











premiere sports network









prep / imagingresearch / digital







or browse by:






formats


personalities


all shows










endorsements work - advertising




reach your consumers and increase your business by advertising with the biggest names in broadcasting.





contact us
to learn about advertising with premiere networks



first name



last name



your email



company



company website



message






advertising options




local advertising



national advertising











this question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.










hear examples of the power of our brand influencers










dan patrick



                                    your browser does not support the audio element.
                                



delilah



                                    your browser does not support the audio element.
                                



bobby bones



                                    your browser does not support the audio element.
                                









elvis duran



                                    your browser does not support the audio element.
                                



glenn beck



                                    your browser does not support the audio element.
                                



sean hannity



                                    your browser does not support the audio element.
                                















some of our sponsors include:





















 













premiere networks is the #1 syndicator of radio programming reaching 245 million people each month.





+8,200 affiliates
we syndicate over 100 programs and services to over 8,200 affiliates.



bigger than tv
we reach more consumers than all of the major tv networks.



top stations
the #1 station in 93% of all markets is affiliated with us.





top personalities
we have the #1 personality in virtually every major format.



reaching millennials
premiere reaches nearly 90% of all millennials and 90% of all moms each month.



custom solutions
we utilize personality voicing, in-program segments, and other techniques to uniquely brand your message in show content.




we integrate your brand's message seamlessly acrossmultiple touch points and creative integrations that uniquely connect you with our listeners.


get in touch










about us






premiere networks, a subsidiary of iheartmedia, syndicates more than 100 radio programs and services to more than 8,200 radio affiliations and reaches a quarter billion listeners monthly. premiere offers the best in talk, entertainment and sports programming featuring the following personalities: clay travis & buck sexton, ryan seacrest, glenn beck, delilah, steve harvey, george noory, john boy and billy, sean hannity, elvis duran, dan patrick, mario lopez, bobby bones, granger smith, colin cowherd, johnjay & rich, big boy, brooke & jeffrey, doug gottlieb, enrique santos, ben ferguson and others.
premiere is based in sherman oaks, california, with 13 offices nationwide.
want to join our team?








search careers





















contact us


press


legal




follow us














©
					2025
					premiere networks   










