




 pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions | pro athlete & celebrity marketing











































 (719) 227-3920 info@prosportsmvp.com about | corporate updates | faqs | blog | contact   


















home
corporate & special events

fundraising events
client rewards programs
vip receptions & hospitality


consumer promotions

retail grand openings
tradeshows & expos
celebrity athlete endorsements


military programs
get started
 



 













enhance your company's brand
  through pro athlete & celebrity marketing programs
work with us






the power of pro athlete marketing
we turn rookies into all-stars. pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions can offer what very few organizations can: dedicated service spanning 25 years, a client retainment/rebooking rate of over 95%, and unparalleled professionalism that has left literally 100% of our clients satisfied with our firm.











about pro sports mvp
pro sports marketing ventures & promotions is a full-service marketing firm specializing in providing marketing services utilizing thousands of sports and entertainment personalities and creating sports and entertainment themed marketing programs, promotions, and special events. pro sports mvp’s philosophy in realizing marketing objectives lies in precise program development and professional implementation.
learn more





corporate & 
  special events


  consumer 
    promotions


  military 
    tours





what our customers 
        are saying




“on behalf of the over 7,000 youth, families and volunteers represented by our organization, i just want to express my appreciation to you and your team for the outstanding service you have provided in securing a professional sports personality for our events. from the time we first received a call from nicole st.pierre to now, we have only encountered first-class, professional service. more importantly, your team has listened carefully to the type of celebrity we would like representing our organization and worked diligently to meet our needs and highest expectations. i appreciate your commitment to have a pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions team member attended our functions with the speaker to ensure all goes well and for your commitment and support of our overall interest and mission.”

–executive director-children’s charity in tennessee


“thank you for the opportunity to share our pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions experience. eleven years ago we had 100 people at our client appreciation event. each year we have worked with your group our attendance has increased and we are anticipating over 1,000 at our event in august 2012.
you have provided great players and your attention to detail and prompt response to our needs make for a terrific event. we look forward to working with you in the future and thank you and your staff for your guidance. “

–vice president-capital management firm in iowa


“i want to thank you for your help in securing sports celebrities for our major grand opening events throughout the us over the last several years.  we are always looking for someone that would be popular to that area and i feel we have had some great success with your guidance.
on average we will have an attendance from 10,000 – 18,000 at each evening’s event.  your support in providing a staff person along with the celebrity has been so helpful.  as you know i am always called away in many different directions and you or your staff has gone above and beyond to fill my shoes and facilitate crowd management. you are a team player and it is always a sincere pleasure to work with you.  we have several events planned for next year and i plan to work with you as much as possible for 2013.”

–director of marketing-national sporting goods retailer


“i have worked with pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions several times now, and each event has been among the most seamlessly run autograph signings i in which i have ever been involved. the athletes were amazingly enthusiastic and personable, and the staff was well-coordinated and unbelievably helpful throughout the event. they went above and beyond to make the attendees happy, and in turn, made many of our customers more loyal to our store and brand.”

–promotions coordinator-regional grocery retail chain


“my experience with pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions defines professionalism. each time i have had the pleasure of collaborating with their team, i have experienced frequent and clear communication. this solid communication eliminates stress and allows me to get after other aspects of my business. the day of the event always runs smoothly and the turnkey management is spot on. pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions handles everything well. we always get the celebrity we want and my budget is still intact.”

–regional director-international marketing agency


“i worked with a variety of entertainment companies over a 12 year period as the marketing and entertainment director for the us air force in europe. pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions was the one entertainment company that i relied on to provide enthusiastic and patriotic celebrities and athletes to entertain our airmen and their families. the pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions team was very professional and dedicated to ensuring both the celebrities and the airmen had the best and most memorable experience possible. i still run into airmen who met one of the celebrity role models that were on tour at their base and they say how it made their adventure overseas even more exciting – a once-in-a-lifetime dream come true! i would highly recommend any company or organization looking for celebrities, athletes or role models to use pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions. you will not find a better company or group of people to work with in the entertainment industry!”

–course director & communications manager-us air force


“our company has used pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions over the past few years to find talent for our events and we have been extremely pleased with their level of professionalism, organization, and attention to detail. the pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions team is a pleasure to work with and we are confident in their ability to manage on-site talent execution. we would highly recommend using this agency for any of your talent needs.”

–director of marketing-national grocery retail chain


“over eight years, i had the tremendous pleasure to work with david chavez and his very professional pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions staff. i never had a single issue or problem with any of the numerous events they coordinated and managed. pro sports mvp entertainment & promotions provides excellent communication and follow-through. i highly recommend them without reservation.”

–former vice president of community commitment-national sporting goods retailer






 info@prosportsmvp.com (719) 227-3920





connect with us
  





copyright © 2025 pro sports mvp.  all rights reserved.  225 e. cheyenne mountain blvd.  colorado springs, co 80906
privacy policy  | terms of use  |  site map  designed & developed by:  athlete web design



view full site












