  the official website of neil bonnett – a true winner    
skip to contentthe official website of neil bonnett


the official website of neil bonnett a true winner 
menu
homebiovideosneil’s bio videostnn winnersalabama gangwood brotherswokecar hofcontact us july 30, 1946 – february 11, 1994 this website is dedicated to the memories of neil bonnett. i especially want to thank the bonnett family for their friendship throughout the years and the fan support for this site.neil was one of those guys who could drive anything you put him in. just before the wood brothers called him to drive the 21 car my brother mike and i were at indy for a practice day where neil was preparing to race in the indianapolis 500, but fortunately for the nascar world, he would take over for david pearson instead. neil was not only a short-track ace he also thrived on the intermediate and superspeedways too. neil raced in the international race of champions (iroc) during three seasons (1979, 1980, and 1984), and finished second twice. he holds the distinction of being the winner of the first-ever nascar race held outside of north america when he won the 1988 goodyear nascar 500 at the calder park thunderdome in melbourne, australia. neil won back-to-back busch clashes in 1983-84 and was inducted into the motor sports hall of fame in talladega alabama.neil appeared in the 1983 film stroker ace and the 1990 film days of thunder. he also hosted the tv show winners for tnn from 1991 to 1994. he was a color commentator for cbs, tbs, and tnn in the years until his death.as you can see neil could do it all, but i think more important than his racing career he was a great father, husband, grandpa, and a friend to so many. many of us think of him every day! we miss you neil!




about this sitei created this site after we lost neil in 1994 and so many of us were devastated. the sole purpose of this site it just to let neil know many of us think of him daily. thank you for all the support this site has received in the past.we also want to wish the best of luck to neil’s grandson, justin bonnett as he begins his racing career.linksjayski’s silly seasonvoice of nascar nationdriver averageswokecar
copyright © 2025 the official website of neil bonnett | all rights reserved | powered by hbr         




