







home - adventist.asia



















































































search
search
      



menu
menu
      

 
 





 




home


news


resources


contact


 

 
 






 








submit
 

 


 





home


news


resources


contact


 






search
search
      



menu
menu
      

 
 

 



seventh-day adventist logo mark


 


an official website of the seventh-day adventist church.
seventh-day adventists are devoted to helping people understand the bible to find freedom, healing, and hope in jesus.


learn more:

adventist.org
adra
adventist world radio
hope channel


 
 
 


























need a prayer?

in life’s most challenging moments, when hope feels distant, prayer becomes our sanctuary. as seventh-day adventists, we embrace the transformative power of prayer. discover the peace and strength that prayer through jesus can bring. whatever challenges you face, we’re here to pray with you. 

ask for prayer







request  a prayer






name


email address


message






8 + 6 = 


submit












find a church near you! 

rooted in faith, hope, and love, the seventh-day adventist community in the southern asia-pacific region is part of a global network united by the belief in jesus christ as the source of freedom, healing, and hope. our headquarters implements church initiatives and provides holistic services through healthcare, education, community outreach, and sabbath-keeping congregations. 

find a location







burnt out?looking to break free from the never-ending hustle? meet the sabbath, your key to rest, reflection and quality time with the people you care about.
learn more



boost your health!feeling tired? lacking energy? a few tweaks to your lifestyle could make a world of difference.
explore







looking for hope?

there’s no doubt that the world is going through difficult times. people are suffering and uncertainty reigns. but in the midst of the chaos, there is hope.

find hope







free church resources

when churches work together, we can make a difference for christ around the world. if you are involved in ministry, we’re here to support you. access all of adventist asia sermons, images, kids lessons, and resources for free.

get free church resources











need some good news?discover lots of good things happening around the southern asia-pacific region.
newsroom



what does the bible say about...the future? death? marriage? understand the bible to find freedom, healing & hope in jesus.
learn more



 







 




        adventist.asia is the official website of the southern asia pacific division
      
 


facebook
instagram
youtube
x (twitter)
 
 



three horizontal barslegal notice


three horizontal barsprivacy policy

 
 

© 2025 southern asia-pacific division (ssd) 

san miguel ii bypass   aguinaldo highway silang, cavite  4118        philippines
              
 
 
 
















  

















