





















administrative policy | administrative policy








      skip to main content
    






menu


administrative policy
















administrative policy

campuswide policies and regulations










open search




search












    quick links
    +




go to uc davis policy library home


go to ucop policy office website









main navigation (extended config)



policy manuals




delegations




resources




compliance & policy
















 
















                contact
      
maria eynon
campus policy coordinator
policy@ucdavis.edu
office of compliance and policy
fifth floor, mrak hall
one shields avenue
davis, ca 95616











this is the official site for all uc davis administrative policies and delegations of authority.
the policies contained within the administrative policy manuals apply to all uc davis units, including uc davis health and other off-site locations. questions about policy content should be directed to the responsible department identified in the policy section.
questions regarding the content of a delegation of authority should be directed to the delegator.












            follow us
    
































            noteworthy
    






quick links to policy library and policies recently updated or published


february 07, 2020






use the quick links menu at the top of this page to navigate directly to the policy library and universitywide policy office website. select policies recently updated to view the list of policies updated or newly published.  uc davis affiliates can also sign up for automated notifications whenever a policy is updated.  select register to receive updates for more information.





new policy development plan online


february 07, 2020






policy developers should complete and submit the new policy development plan form available online. you can also find a link to form under the resources tab.





policy library and system resources


july 30, 2018






resources are available to help you navigate the policy library including additional user resources for policy owners, reviewers, and approvers available on the policy management system training page. if you need assistance or to request training, contact the policy office.





pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2



next page
next























university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: february 7, 2020 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










