



	custom roof curb manufacturer | thybar





















































skip to main content












thybar





                    
                        thybar.com | register










thybar.com
| change password

| log out















             about us
+


contact us


employment opportunities


meet our team


mission-vision statements


transit times


news


testimonials







             products
+


roof curbs
+


insulated roof curbs


non insulated roof curbs


metal building curbs


vibration isolation curb


tems curb


horizontal curb


pipe curb


plenum curb


filter curb


catwalk / service platforms


seismic/wind-load rated curbs




curb adapters
+


retro-mate


filter adapters


multi-zone retro-mate


vibro-mate




equipment mounting supports
+


tems 1,2,3


spring isolation




air handler modifications


rooftop modifications


rooftop accessories
+


barometric relief


burglar bars


hood


power exhaust




energy recovery ventilators
+


thyvent









             orders &  inquiries
+


roof curbs


pipe curb


retro-mate


roof-equipment


vibro-curb


lead times







             catalogs & specifications
+


product catalog


roof curb brochure


airhandler brochure


specifications







             instructions






my account / new quote



















factory curb, insulated factory curb and vibro-curb iiitm for light commercial*
                   standard lead-time is 5-10 working days                      "fast track" may be available for 3-day builds
"start a quote"
        light commercial* is 25 ton and under packaged rooftop units          lead-times are base on qty of 5 or less per purchase order
fast track must be approved by thybar





manufacturer of custom sheet metal products for over 65 years
thybar is the leader in adapting new rooftop units to existing roof curbs with retro-mate. retro-mate saves costly curb reconstruction by mechanically interfacing the new unit and existing curb.
 
for assistance with curbs, contact us at
curbs@thybar.com.
for assistance with mods, contact us at
mods@thybar.com.







    retro-matetm curb adapters      for light commercial*
               standard lead-time is 5-10 working days              "fast track" may be available for 3-day builds
"start a quote"
       light commercial* is 25 ton and under packaged rooftop units        lead-times are base on qty of 5 or less per purchase order
fast track must be approved by thybar











_






 
our newest plant in jacksonville is thriving!
thank you! to our customers in the southeast area and our thybar team for exceeding our goals each month this year.
    




click here to see items on amazon.com!






thybar corporation celebrated its 65th anniversary on august 21st, 2024. 
 
 







 
wind & seismic load
severe wind loads or seismic activity occurs in many areas in the u.s. thybar seismic curbs for rooftop hvac's are specifically designed to withstand these forces. compliance verification and calculations are performed by a licensed professional engineer (p.e.). this includes all 50 states.




_






 
roof curbs
founded in 1959, and with 8 factories across the country, thybar is the oldest and largest roof curb manufacturer in the world.  we’ve built more curbs than anybody, relying on years of experience and libraries filled with hvac equipment data.  no matter what type of roof system you have or how big the equipment is, we have the roof curb design that works for you. 





the custom solution


when our customers need a solution, they know to “think thybar”. we work step by step with you to understand the physical characteristics of the building and the jobsite demands. if needed, we do field measurements, for your peace of mind.
from the conception of a project, through the installation of your equipment, we are on hand to help your project run smoothly. 3d modeling software and hvac application knowledge help us get an exact fit and the right application. 





receive updates from thybar
email address  email field is blank email address is invalid 







 











 



main office:
913 s. kay avenue
addison, il 60101
800-666-curb (2872)
 






about products testimonials press & media instructions contact

sitemap | faq | login
©2025 thybar corporation. all rights reserved.










close












