








national longhouse | native sons & daughters programs ®



























































  national longhouse  search   primary menu skip to content home
news
our stories
about us
contact us
     

search for:



    






the native sons and daughters programs® seek to strengthen the foundations for a positive lifelong relationship between parent and child.



previous
next
























native sons and daughters programs®
the native sons and daughters programs® seek to strengthen the foundations for a positive lifelong relationship between parent and child.


previous
next
























telling our stories
native sons and daughters are meeting regularly across the country to take on new challenges, seek adventure, serve their communities, and have loads of fun. with our stories, we spotlight individual programs and report on their recent activity.




springing into summer
the timucuan longhouse boys ended their program year with a most memorable weekend of camping, adventure, and fellowship.
read this story or see more stories.
next story >>





great sun in the harvest moon
the great sun nation have kicked off their 2016-2017 program year with a florida fall full of community involvement and family fun.
read this story or see more stories.
next story >>





fun under the falling leaves moon
timucuan longhouse gets one more use out of their halloween costumes every year with their costume bowling event.
read this story or see more stories.
next story >>





epic weekend adventure
orange spirit nation travels to catalina island every year for an epic weekend adventure that makes lifelong memories.
read this story or see more stories.
next story >>





back to school
every summer, just before school starts, the timucuan longhouse of jacksonville, florida, takes to the river for two days and one night on the mighty suwannee river.
read this story or see more stories.
next story >>






keeping the theme alive
national longhouse, ltd. developed and administers native sons and daughters programs® across the country. if you live in an area that does not already have a program, we will work with you to create a program that will benefit your entire community.
these programs emphasize the vital role that parents play in the growth and development of their children. the original program plan of sons learning directly from their father was patterned from the tradition of some north american indian cultural groups. these programs seek to strengthen the foundations for a positive lifelong relationship between parent and child that is mutually beneficial and satisfying.

brief overview of programs

north american indian themeparents teaching and guiding their own children.
appropriate age rangeboys and girls can start between ages 5 and 9. we also offer a pathfinders program for older children up to age 12.
how long has this program been around?the program was started in missouri in 1926 by joe friday and harold keltner.
what type of activities can we expect?you and your children will together attend meetings and outings with your tribe, and experience other activities like campouts, nature hikes, canoeing, archery, etc.





find out more
of course you’ll want to know more before jumping in head first. you can find a program near you and contact them directly through their website, or contact national longhouse for help building a program in your area. we can alsoput you in touch with an existing group in your part of the country to get the perspective of families that are actively participating in the program. 



find a program near me
help me start a new program





 



native sons & daughters programs ®

about our programs

basic information
organizational structure
tribal information


program affiliates
program manuals
drum beats newsletter
community service project
resources

documents, forms, and awards
program theme & support
vendor directory
graphics
program promotion
officer documentation


trading post
site map
 

 



communityservice project
		


 




copyright © 2006-2025 national longhouse, ltd.a 501(c)(3) organization. all rights reserved.legal noticesacknowledgements protected: officer documentation 
					proudly powered by wordpress				






