






testing services - university of missouri








  
          mu testing services  



 

  exam registration 


                  clep, mcet, proctored exams, on-campus act 
toefl 

 about

 contact

  exam info 

admission exams
placement/course credit exams
proctored exams and others 





 


welcome to testing services




our mission

welcome! testing services' mission is to
                provide comprehensive computer and paper-based testing programs
                and services to local, state, and national candidates, in
                accordance with the national college testing association's
                professional standards and guidelines for promoting and
                protecting the academic integrity of high-stakes test
                administration.






test registration

the on-campus act, clep, missouri college english test, and individually proctored exams can be scheduled by clicking on
                our registration
                  link.   visa or mastercard are
                accepted for payment.  student charge is not
                available.  

 registration





important updates

testing services is normally open on thursdays and fridays, with the exception of the two weeks at the end of the semesters.
our operations will be closed when the
                in-person campus of the university of missouri is closed. 
                the university status button shows the current status of the
                campus.  

 university
                status 







find us
testing services is located on the ground floor of the heinkel
            building just to the north of the mu campus.  our street
            address is 201 s. 7th street, columbia, mo 65211.


10 heinkel building - all exam programs

university of missouri testing services does not have designated
            visitor parking spots for test-takers. metered parking is available
            along seventh, sixth, and locust streets, and in the 6th and cherry
            parking garage. do not park in the nearby restricted lots. for more
            information about parking regulations, please visit the mu office of parking & transportation
              services or if you park on the city streets or garage visit
            the city
              of columbia's parking website.  certain city streets
            allow the use of the parkmobile
            app, available on your mobile device's app store.











accommodated testing

 if you accommodations for any of the tests that we offer, please
            call us for more information. we will be happy to help you!
          appropriate documentation must be provided to testing services before
          any accommodated exam is scheduled. certain exams will require
          specific documentation or that the documentation be sent to the exam
          sponsor. students who are registered with the mu disability center
          should have the disability center send us a copy of your accommodation
          memo. certain accommodations may take extra time to implement. test
          candidates will need to arrange with their test sponsor for special
          accommodations for any exam not provided by the university of
          missouri.
          
mu
            disability center 




copyright â© university of missouri
          2024



 


