





your guide to western australia


















toggle navigation







destinations
experiences
 accommodation  
information
contact us








welcome to western australia
magical forests, the fresh blue indian and southern oceans, sprawling fields of wildflowers, harsh bush landscapes and breathtaking sunsets are just the beginning. beaches that stretch along the 12,000km coastline are a part of the playground. clean white sand and pure waters are home to thousands of species of marine life, but the ocean is also host to holiday makers searching for excitement in the form of water sports like surfing, fishing and boating.
western australia is a vast, majestic land covering two million square kilometres. plan your adventure with our publication your guide to western australia, available free from visitor information stands around the state or  contact us and we can post you a copy.


perthperth is western australia’s vibrant riverside capital city with a population of more than 2 million people. it has a relaxed easy-going lifestyle and a friendliness that’s second to none.
australia's south westlush and green, the south west has its own flavour. explore limestone caves, national parks with towering old growth forests, spectacular mountain ranges and a glorious rugged coast.
australia's golden outbackthe true spirit of adventure lives on in wa's  outback. historic buildings, ghost towns, the richest square mile on earth, and the prospect of striking it lucky will almost certainly draw you in.
australia's coral coastthe sub-tropical coral coast region is an ideal destination year round. towns to visit include dongara, jurien, cervantes, geraldton, kalbarri, carnarvon, coral bay and exmouth.


australia's north westthe rugged north west is a vibrant gateway of natural beauty. here, nature has carved a striking mix of enormous rock formations, cooling waterfalls and soft white-sand beaches. 

must see, must dothe vast and varied landscape means that visitors are spoilt for choice when looking for experiences, with options for every location and budget. start planning your wa adventure here.  
where to staymake this holiday a memorable one – it's all about the people you meet, the sights you see, and and the places you lay your head. there's sure to be something to suit, whatever your budget. 
information we know lots about western australia, just ask us! and we can put you in touch with people who can help you with bookings, tours and local information on your destination. 



countrywide publications 2025






