


welcome to heparin induced thrombocytopenia





















 








 
 
 


 

u.s. national library of medicine national institutes of health. pubmed comprises more than 19 million citations for biomedical articles from medline and life science journals.
 


 
 
 







welcome to heparininducedthrombocytopenia.com, the heparin induced thrombocytopenia information source, an internet site designed for physicians and other health care personnel who want information about topics related to the pathophysiology, pharmacology, and clinical aspects of heparin induced thrombocytopenia.
heparin induced thrombocytopenia (hit) can be defined as any clinical event best explained by platelet factor 4 (pf4) ⁄ heparin-reactive antibodies (‘hit antibodies’) in a patient who is receiving, or who has recently received heparin. thrombocytopenia is the most common ‘event’ in
              hit and occurs in at least 90% of patients, depending upon the definition of thrombocytopenia. a high proportion of patients with hit develop thrombosis. alternative (nonheparin) anticoagulant therapy reduces the risk of subsequent thrombosis. (brj haematol, 2003;121:535, circulation 2005;111:2671). 
clinical understanding of hit continues to grow in clinical medicine.  because of the pivotal role of hemostasis in surgery, critical care, trauma, perioperative medicine, and hematology, understanding the clinical event and therapeutic approaches to diagnosing and treating hit are important.  further, novel antithrombotic agents
              are increasingly assuming an important role in clinical medicine.  novel therapeutic approaches are important to consider when managing patients with hit.  this site will explore important issues in managing these patients and understanding the clinical problems they pose.
this site is sponsored by docmd.com, an internet site dedicated to bringing useful information to physicians and other healthcare personnel. be sure to visit docmd.com to keep up on what is new and interesting in healthcare, and for other helpful information. please contact
              us at info@docmd.com if you have additional suggestions or comments. 
  




















©copyright 1999-2025 docmd.com. all rights reserved.





