







broad comedy




















































        
          
            broad comedy
          
        
      




















































              home
            

the show


            comedian katie goodman
          

            fundraising events
          

            planned parenthood events
          

        videos
      

            films
          



            tickets
          

            contact us
          





back


            broad comedy
          

              tickets
            

            press and celebrity quotes
          

            press resources
          

            meet the broads
          

            gallery
          



















































home
the show

broad comedy
tickets
press and celebrity quotes
press resources
meet the broads
gallery

comedian katie goodmanfundraising eventsplanned parenthood eventsvideosfilms





                
                  
                    broad comedy
                  
                
              




ticketscontact us









scroll






 










“brought down the house … brilliant!”

— comedy central



broad comedy — the snarky, sexy, feisty, and fearless comedy troupe —is here to save the world! …or at least your sanity!



ever wonder what would happen if snl and tina fey had a child and hired trevor noah as the manny? we have the answer! broad comedy has been producing snarky, provocative and lovable feminist comedy and musical-satire since 1999. internationally touring, award-winning, with online hits reaching 5 million, and an off-broadway run at soho playhouse under their belts, broad comedy is now touring the country raising money for planned parenthood, the aclu and other progressive organizations!with the broads, nothing is sacred, except an unflinching look at america today. it’s outrageous, it’s community, it’s a party on a stage.



broad comedy has performed at theatres all over the country, from the soho playhouse off-broadway, to the bing crosby in spokane, wa! we would love to bring our feisty, feminist show to your venue, so get in touch with us to learn more!




    book the broads at your theatre!
  






  









broad comedy and planned parenthood:let’s build this movement together!broad comedy has helped raise over $2,000,000 for planned parenthood!




“these brainy broads know how to bring down the house  while bringing in the bucks. they love the f-word (feminism) and aren’t  afraid to use it. they will energize your supporters, all the while  making it a hilarious and inspiring night out.”

— cecile richards













we perform our signature brand of riotous feminist comedy at planned parenthood fundraisers all over the nation. the broads bring in new audiences, energize your supporters, and make money for you! 




    bring the broads to your event!
  






 









playing coast to coast!from our off-broadway home at nyc’s soho playhouse, to events across the country for planned parenthood, the aclu, colleges, and theaters, the broads are always on the move!




“exuberant!colossal entertainment value,induced by the joyously vulgar,smart writing and skillfully executed showmanship.”

— los angeles examiner




“for well over a decade, the critically-acclaimed, nationally-touring musical comedy and sketch troupe broad comedy has used its hilarious blend of song, dance and political satire to take an unblinking look at our society. think of these ladies as the voice in your head—only funnier.”

— time out new york




    schedule and tickets
  






  









written and directed by katie goodman and soren kisiel, and featuring comedian and youtube sensation, katie goodman!




“katie goodman brought down the house … brilliant!”

— comedy central




“katie goodman is a multi-talented, femme-extraordinaire!”

— los angeles examiner



katie goodman is an award-winning comedian, author, workshop leader, and speaker. she has been seen on showtime, current tv, and trutv, and has toured internationally for two decades, with comedy that has amassed millions of views online. katie, along with her husband, co-director and co-author soren kisiel, have been nominated for the macarthur foundation genius grant for their unique work in theatre.




“on par not just with any woman in modern comedy, not just with any music act in modern comedy but, categorically on par with anyone working the current comedy scene... impressive. ...magnificent.”

— punchline magazine




    tell me more!
  






  




























































































































































































welcome to feminist musical comedy!



home - musical satire show



home - extreme us right wing cheerleading squad



home - planned parenthood fundraiser performance



home- tampons



home - feminist musical comedy performances



home - katie goodman musical comedian



home - katie goodman musical comedian based in nyc



funny women perform liberal feminist comedy



reproductive rights comedy












4065227623
info@broadcomedy.com


hours






let's stay in touch!
subscribe with your email address to stay up on the broads’ new videos, new show dates, and news on our plot for world domination.




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy. probably even more than you do.
thank you!







contact us(c)2025 broad house productions








