




polymedco early detection of life-threatening diseases









































oc-auto® fit

our solutions
resources
rewriting cancer



pathfast®

our solutions
resources



other products


patient resources


about us

leadership
news & updates







								contact us
							














				helping save lives by enabling early detection of life-threatening diseases







			as rising incidence of chronic diseases, aging populations, and
			skyrocketing costs strain our healthcare system,
			polymedco is committed to making early detection
				more effective, accessible, and affordable.















					our solutions
				

					polymedco partners with healthcare systems, payors, providers, and
					reference labs to develop best-in-class screening and early detection
					programs that can help identify life-threatening diseases earlier.
					we’re proud to offer a portfolio of products with exceptional
					performance, robust clinical evidence, and user-friendly design.
				








			oc-auto® fit
		



					colorectal cancer (crc) screening excellence, made easier
				

the #1 automated noninvasive crc screening
						tool in the world1 is also the only crc
					screening solution with a tier 1 guideline recommendation and
					proven benefits to patient outcomes.2,3


					beyond the test, our support and customizable programmatic solutions
					can increase patient participation, generate revenue for the
					laboratory, and help drive efficiencies through your healthcare system.
				










			proven clinical impact
		



					increase in patient compliance3


					43.8%
				

					shown to improve up-to-date screening status
				



					reduction in annual crc incidence3


					25.5%
				



					reduction in cancer mortality3


					52.4%
				




				explore crc solutions
			







			pathfast® cardiac biomarker analyzer
		










					a comprehensive menu of lab-quality urgent cardiac tests
				

					empower faster care decisions–accelerating patient throughput and delivering unparalleled value.4


					proven performance
				


						high precision, near-patient cardiac testing in minutes






				determines the quantity of troponin i, ntprobnp, d-dimer, hscrp,
				ck-mb, and myoglobin present from a single whole blood sample


easy lis integration and
				compact benchtop footprint ideal for stat labs and busy care
				facilities
			



				explore cardiac testing
			














					a customer-centric healthcare company, committed to your success
				

					our goal is to be one of the easiest companies to do business
					with in healthcare. we know that our growth is driven by
					collaborative relationships with customers. that’s why we
					provide a more personal touch, adapting solutions to the needs
					and structure of the healthcare entities we support, and
					delivering top tier technical and implementation support.
				


						partner with us
					














the wait is over:
pathfast hs-ctnl-ii at the point of care


now fda cleared


          learn more
          































        listen to a powerful story from a colorectal cancer survivor, her gastroenterologist, and an expert in the field as they share how screening with oc-auto fit played a pivotal role in rewriting her cancer journey.
      

        this video was produced for polymedco by bbc storyworks commercial productions
      


           watch now
        



81062-01











thank you for your submission. someone will be in touch soon.



        connect with us
      

        fill out the form to submit your information.
      




first name



last name



email address



zip code



job title



company



issue type

issue type*
sales
customer support
finance
patient help
physician help
partnerships/distributor
other



message



submit






references:

 data on file internally at polymedco, llc. 
 us preventive services task force, davidson kw, barry mj, et al. screening for colorectal cancer: us preventive services task force recommendation statement. jama. 2021;325(19):1965-1977. doi:10.1001/jama.2021.6238 
 levin tr, corley da, jensen cd, et al. effects of organized colorectal cancer screening on cancer incidence and mortality in a large community-based population. gastroenterology. 2018;155(5):1383-1391. doi:10.1053/j.gastro.2018.07.017 
 ifcc table of point of care cardiac troponin i and t assay analytical characteristics designated by manufacturer. ifcc committee on clinical applications of cardiac bio-markers (c-cb) v052022 (www.ifcc.org). accessed july 3, 2023. https://ifcc.org/ifcc-education-division/emd-committees/committee-on-clinical-applications-of-cardiac-bio-markers-c-cb/biomarkers-reference-tables/ 














						image content features models and is meant solely for illustrative purposes.
						
					



polymedco, llc.
								510 furnace dock road
								cortlandt manor, ny 10567
							

								© copyright 2025
							












privacy policy


update cookies preferences


partners


info@polymedco.com



								80951-00
							







