











social anxiety association | a nonprofit organization that promotes understanding and treatment of social anxiety disorder






















skip to main content











social anxiety association



            a nonprofit organization that promotes understanding and treatment of social anxiety disorder          
 




​ 

  




main menuhome
about saa
what is social anxiety?
cbt
even more
mailing list
 












approximately 7% of the population suffers from some form of social anxiety disorder*

social anxiety is the third largest mental health care problem in the world today.  alcoholism is first, depression is second, and social anxiety is third.   social anxiety causes chronic anxiety and fear over social situations.  it prevents people from leading the life they want; it stops them from taking the job they are good at doing; it prevents them from having friends and relationships, even though they want them.  social anxiety destroys lives.  yet it can be fully overcome with appropriate, active, structured, cognitive-behavioral therapy.
please read over our pages on social anxiety disorder (formerly called "social phobia").

in these pages you will find:

a definition of social anxiety disorder
diagnostic criteria concerning social anxiety
effective treatment of social anxiety disorder
research showing how social anxiety disorder can be overcome

an invitation to join a free mailing list edited specifically for people with social anxiety disorder
fyi:   social anxiety disorder's cousin, panic disorder, has its own therapy program explained here.   
help for running a social anxiety therapy group:
 
- cognitive, behavioral sequences so that people can learn to overcome social anxiety.

- the social anxiety association will encourage and provide help for running structured cbt social anxiety therapy groups, whenever possible.  

  references/citations for the material on the social anxiety association site
*kessler rc, chiu wt, demler o, walters, ee. prevalence, severity, and comorbidity of twelve-month dsm-iv disorders in the national comorbidity survey replication (ncs-r). archives of general psychiatry, 2005 jun;62(6):617-27.   
 










  






site map



  
 what is social anxiety disorder?  symptoms, treatment, prevalence, medications, insight, prognosis 

 what are "the phobias"? 

 still hiding in the shadows: is social anxiety real? 

 social anxiety: symptoms and treatment 

 social anxiety news 

 social anxiety mailing list 

 social anxiety disorder makes you believe irrational lies 

 social anxiety association membership 

 saa mission statement 

 guidelines for social anxiety therapy groups 

 dsm-5: changes in the diagnostic and statistical manual 

 dsm-5:  here are the changes we'd like to see 

 comprehensive cognitive-behavioral therapy 

 citations | social anxiety disorder references 

 be honest with yourself 
 
 
  













2019©the social anxiety association
thomas a. richards, ph.d., psychologist/president

 
the social anxiety association

the social anxiety association is a non-profit organization founded in 1997 to meet the growing needs of people with social anxiety.  
the social anxiety institute is the largest website on the internet about social anxiety disorder (social phobia). therapy programs have run at the institute full-time since 1994.  major new help for overcoming is always under development and revisions to therapy programs occurred in 2019.  another therapy program revision will be complete in 2020.  
for treatment: overcoming social anxiety: step by step   a structured guide to overcoming social anxiety (a "how to" guide to get over social anxiety).  this therapy program is the most commonly used program to help people overcome social anxiety.  it was written and explained by a person who had a severe case of social anxiety himself:  dr. thomas a. richards, the founder and director of the social anxiety institute, inc.   
the anxiety network explains and describes five major anxiety disorders:  panic, generalized anxiety, social anxiety, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and post-traumatic stress disorder.   

 

 
  

  

