








clifton park dentist - morrison dental care


























































skip to main content












										
										
									new patients call:
									  518-278-7070



									
										
										current patients call:
										  518-371-3400



request an appointment














about us about us
meet dr. david morrison
meet dr. lewis morrison
meet the team


patients new patient info
no charge consult
veterans program


dental services comprehensive dental services
implant dentistry
cosmetic dentistry
restorative dentistry
invisalign
general dentistry and hygiene


reviews
contact us















                    start your smile journey with our clifton park dentists                
                

                        let us change the way you think about dental care                
                    

there’s a reason comedians do bits about going to the dentist–so many people have had bad dental experiences and easily relate to the material. one of our goals at morrison dental care is to make patients wonder what in the world those comedians are talking about. we’re a practice of life-long clifton park dentists striving to provide the most comfortable, neighborly experience possible. our goal is to create positive experiences in our practice. set an appointment with us and find out why we have more than five hundred five-star reviews to our credit.

request an appointment











► 



            your browser does not support the video tag.
        












                over            

                500            

                5-star reviews            








                world-class smiles            

                family-owned care            

                impacting lives daily            









            independent, family-owned, locally-raised dental team                
        

                contact us for your appointment                
            
request an appointment




































                meet our clifton park dentists 
            








                        david p. morrison                
                    

                        dds, magd                
                    


growing up, david morrison often visited and joyfully worked in his father’s dental office. he discovered that dentistry offered him an opportunity to solve problems for people. “i love helping patients reach their goals,” he said. “i enjoy the variety of day-to-day practice and how every patient, mouth, and tooth provides its own unique set of problems and solutions.” a devoted local, dr. morrison and his wife, robyn, live with their children less than 20 minutes away.

meet david p. morrison






                        lewis r. morrison                
                    

                        dds, faso                
                    


when lewis morrison was in high school, his dentist father introduced him to the field. lewis soon discovered a personal passion for dentistry. “i felt it would challenge and engross me for my whole life–and i was right!” he explained. “i also enjoy the differing personalities of my patients and maintaining a balance between dental expertise and human interaction.” we know you’ll love him and how he cares for your smile.

meet lewis r. morrison


















                    our values                
                

morrison dental care is dedicated to serving people and their unique needs, not simply to treating the teeth that come through our office. we promise to be more than simply a dentist in clifton park; everyone you meet here will focus not only on you, “the patient,” but also on you, “the individual.” we want your thoughts about the treatment we recommend because we believe you should be actively involved in your dental care.

learn more about us







                    insurance                
                

do we take your insurance? absolutely! we are in-network with cigna, and dr. david morrison participates with delta premiere. we have a team dedicated to filing claims on your behalf and working towards getting you maximum benefits. you will only be asked to settle the difference at your visit.

if you don’t have insurance or your treatment plan is significant, don’t worry. we believe finances should never stand between you and quality dental care. we’ll be happy to discuss how to arrange convenient third-party financing through carecredit.

new patient information












            dental services 
        






















































                                implant dentistry                            

an implant is the strongest, most secure option for replacing a lost tooth. it’s also the most natural-looking and functional tooth replacement option. after a titanium post has been set into your jaw, a custom crown is attached to the post to sit comfortably among your natural teeth.


implant dentistry








                                restorative dentistry                            

we provide all of the most up-to-date options for repairing and replacing damaged or missing teeth–from preserving a tooth with a root canal to natural-looking fillings, crowns, bridges, and dentures. whatever the treatment, we use the latest techniques and technology available.


restorative dentistry








                                cosmetic dentistry                            

if damage or imperfections are making you unhappy with your smile, talk to us about whitening, veneers, dental bonding, tooth and gum contouring, and other options for giving you the smile you’ve always wanted to see in the mirror.


cosmetic dentistry








                                invisalign                            

are your teeth in need of straightening? you don’t have to walk around with a full set of metal braces like the ones you may have had when you were a kid. invisalign uses convenient, clear, inconspicuous, removable aligners to move your teeth where they need to be.


invisalign








                                general dentistry and hygiene                            

remember “check-ups?” you still need them to keep your teeth clean and identify issues before they become problems–things like gum disease, tooth decay, the effects of night grinding, and more. we don’t just fix teeth; we help you protect them.


general dentistry











read all of our reviews







                    experience and enjoy hometown dental care.                   
                
                    
                   book an appointment today.                
request an appointment















 




1524 route 9
clifton park, ny 12065

office@morrisondentalcare.com


mon:
8:00 am - 3:00 pm


tues:
8:00 am - 5:00 pm


wed:
8:00 am - 3:00 pm


thurs:
8:00 am - 3:00 pm


fri:
by appointment







new patients call
  518-278-7070




current patients call
  518-371-3400

















 




© 2024 morrison dental care
accessibility
privacy policy
log in




								custom dental website design by golden proportions marketing
							
 
 




























