







chile pepper bike shop | moab, utah | rentals, service, and repair



















































































skip to content












































info@chilebikes.com 

















(435) 259-4688 






















































(435) 259-4688 





































 
about about us our brands faqservices bike rental bike service & repair shuttle service teardrop camper rentalsshop bikes for sale chile pepper merchtrails trail conditionsjobsgalleryblogcontact








 















moab's premier bike shop














snowshoe and bike rentals




shop now




contact us


 

















chile bike shop






welcome to moab











"every guest, gets our best, every time."
established in 1995, chile pepper bikes is your go-to destination for all things cycling. with our deep-rooted passion for mountain biking and our love for the beautiful landscapes of the western us, we're here to provide you with an unrivaled biking experience in moab, utah.







learn more



























we've got lots of bike stuff















shop online




visit us




rental bike


 
























































rent








view our inventory of rental equipment











shop








our vast inventory of bikes, parts,  and gear











explore








trails, conditions, shuttle service, and more


















chile pepper gear






the best chile branded accessories for every rider







take a look













































 







what's popular






check out some of our favorites







see all bike products


















bike service and repair











behind every great bike shop is a team of dedicated individuals, and chile pepper bikes is no exception. our team is made up of passionate bikers who are not only experienced bike techs. come and meet our friendly staff who are always ready to help you with all your biking needs.







service pricing





















mountain bike rentals











discover moab’s epic trails with our comprehensive bike rental service. from standard to premium, analog to e-bikes, we have a selection that caters to every rider’s needs. with our top-notch bikes and convenient rental process, chile pepper bikes ensures a smooth ride every time.







view rentals


















recent reviews























unleash your adventure in moab










rental gear


































































 















































































shop and service







bike rentalbikes for salebike service & repairshuttle service








information







group rental discount policyaboutfaqblogcontact








find us






702 south main street
moab, utah 84532
united states













(435) 259-4688 














info@chilebikes.com 






















©2025 chile pepper bike shop. all rights reserved. powered by true mtn.









 
scroll to top













