























welcome to - grace episcopal church, hartford




























































































grace episcopal church, hartford







calendaropportunities of graceworshipmusicfood pantry / despensa de alimentosfellowshipbulletinswho we arewho we areclergystaffvestrya guided tourhistorycontactdonate online










welcome to



grace episcopal church


sunday celebrations of holy eucharist:
8:00 a.m.: rite i spoken mass
come for a quiet, contemplative service before the busy day sets in.
10:30 a.m.: rite i choral mass
come for the organ, stay for the choir!many ways to get involved!
our 10:30 a.m. mass is livestreamed on facebook. recordings are uploaded to youtube.click here to join us:
gechartford
youtube


welcome!
all are welcome at grace episcopal church in our traditional anglo-catholic worship. please join us!
absolutely everyone is welcome at this parish. wherever you are from…whatever your education, job status, age, marital status, physical challenge, politics, race, gender, or sexual orientation…wherever you are on your spiritual path…you are welcome at grace.
we are an episcopal church which is catholic in tradition, anglican in its heritage, centered on the life of prayer and sacraments, believing in the real presence of god in our lives. we worship god through our liturgy and music. 



who we are
we are a diverse community united by our commitment to jesus christ and our desire to live the christian life. our prayers and the sacraments help us find christ in church and in the world. seeing christ in each other and in the faces of strangers, we areinspired to reach out in love and service.
clergy
the rev. rowena j. kemp

the rev. rowena j. kemp is grace’s 9th rector (first woman and first person of color), the national chaplain of the girls’ friendly society usa, and dean of the north central region of ecct. she is a native of the bahamas who received her m.div. and diploma in anglican studies from yale divinity school and the berkeley divinity school at yale. she is the mother of two and loves photographing people.

the rev. dcn. marta s. rivera monclova, phd

marta is the founder of haven religious, an emerging religious community based in hartford, ct. born and raised in brooklyn, ny, after finishing a phd in english literature in 2010, marta’s first career was as an english professor, teaching in the u.s. and in shanghai. she also worked in tech before shifting focus and earning an mdiv at berkeley divinity school at yale, after a yearlong residency at the monastery of st. john the evangelist in west newbury, ma. marta enjoys cooking, baking, chant, and narrative.

the rev. cn. robert g. carroon, associate priest

the rev. canon robert g. carroon, associate priest,  received his ba from indiana state in 1959, his m.div from nashotah house in 1962, his ma from the university of wisconsin in 1970 and his d.litt from sussex in 1977.  he served in parishes in the diocese of milwaukee and as dean of all saints cathedral in milwaukee.  for twenty years he was archivist and historiographer of the diocese of connecticut and after retiring from that position served four years as director of scholarship programs of the society for the increase of the ministry.  he has served as a deputy to five general conventions of the episcopal church, as secretary of the board of archives of the episcopal church and as president of the national association of episcopal historians and archivists.  in 1997 he received the canon john w. davis award for contributions to the study of the history of the episcopal church.  he is the author of six books, and numerous articles on historical subjects.  he is chaplain of the society of the descendants of the founders of hartford, and is the national senior vice commander of the order of the first world war.  he is a former professional hockey player.  in 2000 he was appointed an honorary canon of christ church cathedral.


the rev. cn. annika warren, associate priest
the rev. joseph l. pace, associate priest

staff
mr. kyle swann, choirmaster and organist

has conducted orchestral, operatic and choral repertoire throughout the eastern united states and abroad.  in 1993, he made his professional debut conducting company one theater’s world premiere of james sellars’s opera the world is round at the wadsworth athenaeum’s aetna theater.  more recently he appeared on short notice to conduct donizetti’s maria stuarda in boston’s jordan hall with the boston academy of music.  he has appeared in brazil with the orquestra sinfonica de estado de são paulo, alice tully hall and st. patrick’s cathedral in new york, heinz hall in pittsburgh and the rathaus in vienna.  mr. swann conducted bamopera’s the beggar’s opera, which was named “best of boston,” and returned to conduct l’elisir d’amore.
mr. swann served as the resident conductor of the connecticut opera, as well as the music director of opera express, its nationally recognized touring and educational program.  he is the choirmaster and organist at grace episcopal church in hartford, where he conducts a select choir in traditional a capella repertory.  in addition, he has conducted hartford performances of such works as mephistofele, rigoletto, lucrezia borgia, and la fille du régiment.  he has performed with the hartford symphony orchestra, the south florida opera company, and the opera theater of connecticut.
at the hartt school of music, mr. swann was the karl böhm international fellow of orchestral conducting.  while there, he conducted performances of the symphony, choruses, and the opera theater.  he recently conducted mozart’s impresario and la nozze di figaro for intermezzo young artists.  in addition to having a love of opera and chamber music, he is an avid dressage rider and equine devotee.


ms. victoria burns, office manager

vestry


claudia gwardyak, senior warden barbara galbreath, junior wardenkatharine rovetti, parish clerkmark lacedonia, treasurer barbara galbreath, assistant treasurer


members-at-large: adrianne brownjosephine dominguezlinda galarza-rosapamela glasnergregory simmons








grace episcopal church, hartford
55 new park ave.hartford, ct. 06106
(860) 233-0825
church@gracehartford.org





(c) 2024 grace episcopal churchcontent is licensed under cc by-sa 4.0
ave maris stella












