 
















center for hospitality research | cornell sc johnson

































 









skip to main content







primary navigation

about

about the college
college leadership


programs

all programs


faculty & research

faculty & research


alumni




activate search form



activate menu and search form






close search form






















center for hospitality research








home centers & institutes center for hospitality research











the center for hospitality research was created in 1992 for the purpose of expanding both the quality and volume of research supporting the hospitality industry and its related service industries.







research




industry insights




webinar library




newsletter




advisory board




projects
























chr receives transformative $7 million gift
we’re excited to share a transformative milestone: the chr has received a $7 million gift, in the form of an endowment, from c. kenneth grailer ’53 as part of an $11.5 million gift to the cornell nolan school. this generous support propels us toward our chr 2.0 vision, enabling impactful research and thought leadership in the hospitality sector.
thank you to our board members, leadership team, and partners for your invaluable support. together, we’re shaping the future of hospitality research and innovation.
read more about this generous donation here














interact with us! 










news & features from chr














hospitality & tourism
inside sc johnson


	
	$11.5m gift strengthens hospitality research, teaching

			


	the gift from c. kenneth grailer ’53 will support the cornell peter and stephanie nolan school of hotel administration by expanding the center for hospitality research, helping renovate the grailer food labs and providing scholarships.















hospitality & tourism


	
	future directions in sustainable travel, tourism, and hospitality

			


	sc johnson college of business experts offered fresh perspectives on shifting travel and tourism toward more sustainable practices during climate week nyc.















inside sc johnson


	
	winds of change in the hospitality industry

			


	nolan school professor chekitan dev and expedia’s hari nair, mmh ’02, discuss ten trends changing the world of hospitality, travel, and tourism.












read more from the nolan school businessfeed












get involved!



















	
	endowment giving opportunities

	


you or your firm can help us develop and share information to boost the industry’s performance and expand student knowledge.



learn more

















	
	members

	


our corporate members support our researchers and provide advice on our research agenda.



learn more

















	
	industry intelligence

	


reports and publications presenting key findings from our research studies.



learn more













chr events




thursday, april 24, 2025




event
                        

                            location
                        





chr spring advisory board meeting
9:30am - 3:30pm edt -04:00


ilr confrence center







monday, may 19, 2025




event
                        

                            location
                        





data analytics reception
6:00pm - 8:00pm edt -04:00









friday, july 18, 2025




event
                        

                            location
                        





chr virtual advisory board meeting & research presentation
1:00pm - 5:00pm edt -04:00











view all chr events







open sidebar menu



secondary navigation

centers & institutes


center for hospitality research

about chr

director’s welcome
advisory board
newsletters
staff


signature events

sustainability roundtable
data analytics
research summit


chr research

current funding opportunities
the stanley sun faculty global research fund


corporate relations

giving opportunities


student engagement


special reports
















contact cornell sc johnson college of business
ithaca, ny 14853-6201


 sc johnson college of business

dyson
nolan school
johnson



site info 
privacy notice
web accessibility assistance



faculty, staff & students 
faculty & staff intranet
launchpad
events calendar







					© 2025 all rights reserved.
					cornell sc johnson
				







follow us on instagram





follow us on linkedin





follow us on youtube









back to top of page.





 















