






home - nacm southwest

















































  



















non-member credit reference
member login
pay your invoice
 












home

about nacm southwest
nacm national trade credit reports
services

benefits of contributing data
finance, credit & international business association


collections
cmi
education & events
careers in credit

for employers
for job seekers


credit groups

local groups
regional groups
national
gca
trmg


partners

d&b
experian
equifax
uta


join nacm southwest
contact us


 





select page


  
 



 



 













welcome to nacm southwest
learn more








industry credit groups
learn more








continuing education
learn more








commercial collections
learn more








certification courses
learn more








credit reports
learn more








credit congress & expo
learn more










building successful businesses since 1908



nacm southwest is the leading resource for the credit and financial management profession. since 1908, it has provided information, products and services for business to business credit professionals. nacm southwest services many industries with over forty credit groups.








credit groups
make more informed credit decisions by connecting to members with similar customers through one of nacm southwest’s many industry credit groups.




read more




l

education
continuing education through nacm southwest seminars, webinars and conferences, can help keep up-to-date on the latest developments in the credit world.




read more






certification 
earn your nacm designations by attending nacm southwest’s courses, taught by world-class instructors.




read more




~

collections
nacm southwest collections has been certified by the commercial law league of america, meeting clla’s rigorous certification requirements.




read more






credit reports
 nacm southwest can deliver personalized service in determining which national reporting agency’s reports best suit your needs.




read more







why nacm southwest?as a member of nacm southwest companies have access to established industry credit groups, up-to-date credit reports with industry-specific tradelines, education and certification opportunities to strengthen your credit department and a certified, proven commercial collections team.  all of the services are provided with a member-first dedication that is unrivalled in the commercial credit community.












leading resource for credit and financial management profession 100+ years in a row



nacm southwest is the leading resource for the credit and financial management profession.  since 1908, it has provided information, products and services for business to business credit professionals. nacm southwest services many industries with the over forty credit industry groups we operate. additionally, we are an affiliate of the national association of credit management whose membership is 1,600 strong.










what our members say about us










“nacm southwest networking opportunities create professional relationships.  through those relationships, credit or financial manager builds a professional network that serves a dual purpose.that network will help reduce a company’s risk exposure through the open and reliable exchange of credit information.  you will find experienced credit and financial managers that will support and guide you on your professional journey.”
chris myers – professional alternatives








“the national trade credit report (ntcr) is part of our daily credit-decisioning process.  after viewing reports from two other major credit reporting agencies, the ntcr was the only one that indicated potential risk on a particular customer.  that accuracy saved my company thousands of dollars on a bad credit decision.”
robbin windham, cba – wesco










“nacm southwest is our go-to for credit and collection-specific education.  we rely on them to provide the tools and training to ensure our credit department functions efficiently and effectively.  the investment in a well-trained, credentialed team pays dividends.“
dawn dickert, cce – heidelberg materials








“we partner with nacm southwest to purchase credit reports contracts with companies such as dnb, equifax and experian.  we are confident they are providing unbiased service at a competitive price.  they listen, ask questions, and help us evaluate the best credit report fit to accomplish our company’s goals.”
roxanne price, cce – h&e equipment










credit services & partners
































 













751 plaza blvd, coppell, tx 75019





privacy statement




terms of use







copyright © 2021 nacm southwest, all rights reserved.an affiliate of the national association of credit management.








followfollowfollow



 





























