


s e n t i r e       c u m      e c c l e s i a























    
	s e n t i r e       c u m      e c c l e s i a
	
  
"to keep ourselves right in all things, we ought to hold fast to this principle: what seems to me to be white, i will believe to be black if the hierarchical church thus determines it. for we believe that between christ our lord, the bridegroom, and the church, his spouse, there is the one same spirit who governs and guides us for the salvation of our souls..."

- spiritual exercises of st. ignatius [365]







sunday, february 21, 2010



	 
	 “remembering the role of the youth in fulfilling christ’s mission of love"
	 
    


hi! i wish to share with you the reflections i presented to a group of youth ministry members of the archdiocese of zamboanga last feb. 20, 2010. the occasion was their annual holding of "un noche de amor junto con cristo." i hope the reflections will also help you reflect on your role as a follower of jesus christ.god bless you!===un  noche de amor hunto con cristo “remembering  the role of the youth in fulfilling christ’s mission of love r.b.  orbeta, s.j. points  for reflection: + perhaps  it is better to ask ourselves “why are we here?”  “what brought us here tonight?”  probably for some of us, there are a lot of things that need to be finished,  but why is it that we set those things aside for a moment and be here  tonight, in this noche de amor hunto con cristo? + dear  friends, taqui kita ahora porque ta cre kita na tiene pa mas importante,  y este mas importante is christ jesus himself. you are here because  you believe that being here is worth it. being here spells your faith  and perhaps your sense of meaning in life. ta-pensa yo  na bien alegre ustedes na taqui ustedes para participa el maga actividades  di este noche.  + but be  reminded that it is not only you who are happy that you are here tonight.  i believe mother church is also very happy that you are happy to be  here tonight. + dear  sisters and brothers, we rest on the premise that you – the youth  of today – are the hope and future of our fatherland. in the same  manner, it is you – the young people of this generation – are the  hope and the future of mother church. the continuation of our traditions  and character (ethos) as a nation and as a church (believers  of christ) primarily rests on you! what a tremendous task you have! + i will  go back to this point some time during my presentation. but to deepen  our reflection tonight, let me propose two things. (jesuits, you  know, are well known for their two / three point presentation or homily.  so allow me to be “true to who i am” tonight.) i hope these  salient points will help us realize the significance of our role as  followers of christ jesus, particularly you, the young and energetic  followers of christ. the first point is: christianity is a religion  founded on a “story”. the second point: christianity  is a religion based on relationship.”  + first  reflection: christianity is a religion founded on a  “story.” and that story  is no other than the story of jesus christ.  i remember bishop chito tagle giving a talk to a group of jesuits, religious,  clergy and lay people in loyola school of theology some time ago about  the very story of jesus… the story that spread throughout the world,  and the very story that touches and influences the lives of almost one  billion people up to today. christianity continues to thrive this very  moment… the memory of jesus continues to fill the hearts of men and  women… simply because people – the christians – continue to spread  the story of jesus – the gospel – which is the very message of christianity.  kung sa binisaya pa, “radyo baba” ang atong relihiyon.  ta-accepta kita na di aton fe, el fe na estaba pa na maga estoria y  testamonia na di aton maga ninuno. the story that we accept that  at one point in history, a man named jesus christ, came and preached  the very message of salvation and love. and his followers, throughout  the ages, bring with them this story to wherever they go, and in sharing  that story, our faith in this word incarnate, this god made man, is  founded. + how can  we relate this first point to the premise previously established, that  you are the hope and future of mother church? simple… it is  your role… your responsibility to continue to spread the story of  jesus wherever you go. it is precisely your mission… to continue the  apostolic task… of keeping the memory of jesus christ alive and active  in our world. kaakibat ng responsibilidad na ito ay ang ating  gawain na iwasan ang mga maling kuwento at  ang tunay na kuwento lamang ang ipalaganap. (relate  to chismis… social responsibility) + having  established that point brings our reflection into a deeper level.  el di aton fe hinde lang estaba na estorya… mas importante, el di  aton fe, is grounded on relationship. what do i mean by this dear  friends? + if we  try to watch the christian channels over cable tv (mga dating daan,  iglesia ni kristo, 700club, etc…), most of the testimonies given  by those “converted to christ”  are based on a very personal and intimate encounter with the divine.  in the parlance of spiriruality, we term that as religious experience.  a life-changing, world-turning experience. an experience that will transform  people and lives. ta-uwi ustedes na maga testimonia na igual con  este: “dati po hindi ako naniniwala sa dios.  barumbado at basagulero po ako. inom at inom lang, sugal ng sugal, hindi  ko nga inaalagaan ang aking pamilya.  ngunit isang araw, nagkasakit po ako. sabi po ng  doktor na tatlong buwan na lang po akong mabubuhay. may taning  na po ako dahil sa liver cirrhosis.  sa punto pong iyon ay napadasal ako. dios, kung totoo ka man, magparamdam  ka naman sa akin. kung tunay kang umiiral, tulungan mo naman ako...  and we know the rest of the story… noong bumalik po ako sa  doktor, sabi po niya sa akin na hindi niya maipaliwanag ngunit malusog  na po ang aking atay. wala na po akong taning. praise the lord!”  the religious experience changed the person’s life. the intimate encounter  of the divine brought about conversion. + dear  friends, our religion and faith do not only depend on a story. but more  precisely, it is grounded on a relationship. mas napahahalagahan  ang kuwento dahil sinusuportahan po ang kuwento ng personal na karanasan.  most of us believe in god not only because we heard of him, but more  importantly, we have snippets of experience and encounter of him. + maga  hermano y hermana, god calls each of us into a personal relationship  with him. st. ignatius of loyola, the founder of the society of jesus,  in the spiritual exercises narrates that god deals with us in three  manners: first, as god to a creature… second, as master to a disciple…  third, but more meaningful and personal, as friend to a friend. i think  this makes our faith wonderful. our god who is intangible and incomprehensible  calls us to be close to him. he draws us closer and closer to his being  through the heart of jesus. + if there  is one desire that jesus has for all of us, it is this: to be drawn  to his friendship. to join him in his endeavors and in his mission  of bringing the love and forgiveness of the father to the world. + as i  was preparing for this reflection, i wondered how i could deepen and  develop the level of thought. and in the midst of my ruminations, a  song gently played in my mind. most of you do not know that i love songs  (though i do not know if songs love me), and songs draw me into  prayer. baka siguro naging heswita ako dahil sa awit at musika.  we are familiar with the jesuit music ministry, the famous and recognized  fr. hontiveros (pananagutan), fr. fruto ramirez (si krito ay gunitain),  fr. manoling francisco (hindi kita malilimutan), fr. arnel aquino (ito  ang araw), at marami pang iba. the song composed by jesuit fathers bong  abad santos & charlie cenzon, as i have told you, gently played  in my mind. the song speaks so much of the point that we try to establish  tonight. pagkakaibigan. jesus draws us into friendship. jesus  invites us to be close and intimate with him… with our god. jesus  wants to be our friend. ang  sinuman sa aki’y nananahan,  mananahan  din ako sa kanya. at  kung siya’y mamunga ng masagana, siya  sa ama’y nagbigay ng karangalan… mula  ngayon, kayo’y aking kaibigan, hinango  sa dilim at kababaan. ang  kaibiga’y mag-aalay ng sarili nyang buhay, walang  hihigit sa yaring pag-aalay. + pagkakaibigan.  sabi ni san ignacio hindi lamang nagpaparamdam ang dios sa atin bilang  dios at guro, ngunit sa mas malalim na nibel, ang nibel ng pagkakaibigan.  jesus said that he calls us servants no longer since he considers us  friends… a servant doesn’t know what his master is about but a friend  does (relate  with friends knowing each other by gesture, voice, figure, etc…).  at kaibigan  natin siya dahil ibinuwis niya ang kanyang buhay para sa atin at sa  ating kaligtasan. no greater love man has but to lay down his very  life for the sake of his friends! kung  paanong mahal ako ng aking ama, sa  inyo’y aking ipinadarama. sa  pag-ibig ko kayo sana ay manahan, at  bilin ko na kayo ay magmahalan. mula  ngayon, kayo’y aking kaibigan, hinango  sa dilim at kababaan. ang  kaibiga’y mag-aalay ng sarili nyang buhay, walang  hihigit sa yaring pag-aalay. + yes dear  friends, god chose us to be his, and to be his friends. hindi namimili  ang dios. kung namimili man siya, pinili niya tayo para maging kaibigan.  isn’t that a wonderful god? a god who is magnanimous not only in his  love but also in his mercy and compassion. a god who chose to become  one of us to precisely show us that he is near… that he is one of  our kind… that he is our friend. that he loves us so much more than  we can ever imagine. + going  back to your role. ahhh… your role is not only to spread further  the story of jesus and to make his memory alive in our world. your deeper  role is to share this jesus who comes to become our friend. meaning,  establish a personal relationship with him so that you can truly share  him concretely and tangibly to others. in other words, allow him to  love you… and allow yourself to love him in return. that, i think,  is the most basic meaning and definition of friendship. to be loved…  and to love. gaya ng karanasan ng mama na ikinuwento natin kanina…  he allowed god to touch his existence and to heal his body… then and  only then, the relationship became more meaningful. + maga  hermano y hermana, numa ustedes olbida na necesita gayod na tiene kita  personal na relasyon con hesus.  then and only then can we share him and who he is in our lives to others. + easier  said than done. pero filipinos kita.  tiene gayod kita tendency na pensa na hinde kita worthy na amor del  dios. many times i have been approached by many people in our apostolate  telling me that they don’t go to church por  que peccadores sila. tiene pa gale ta-habla, brother, bien gresso gayod  di mio maga culpa. god cannot accept me anymore. god cannot love  me anymore. (relate  human experiences of expectations failed, trust broken, and love lost).  ahh…  human limitation. we tend to think the way mortals think but we forget  that god thinks otherwise. many of us will say that if we look more  deeply into ourselves, we are not worthy to become jesus’ friends.  porque? por que igual lang di aton maga costumbre…  brother, hinde yo karapat-dapat maging kaibigan ni hesus.  + but dear  friends remember, that when jesus offers us friendship, he sets no boundaries  and no conditions. hinde igual kanaton. kung quiere tu maging di  mio friend, necesita gat tu…. numero uno… numero dos… numero tres…  we have conditions, and most of the time, unreasonable and out-of-this-world  conditions. but jesus? i think none! jesus comes to us where ever we  are. jesus meets us where we truly are. poreso gale manada man-back  out na religious life por que ta-pensa sila na kung quiere tu man- padre,  madre, o brother, necesita gat na perfecto tu. nuay ya culpa… bien  bueno gayod… numa ya ma-in love… numa ya magalit…  totally wrong!!! when jesus offers us friendship, he understands us  completely. he accepts us for being us one hundred percent!  i am once  again reminded by a song. a song composed by jesuit father charlie cenzon.  the song pag-ibig ko stresses the point that we have just  established: hindi  ka kailangan magbago, kahit  ito’y mas ibig ko. hindi  ka kailangang magsikap ng husto, upang  ika’y ibigin ko. iniibig  kita, manalig ka sana. ako’y  kapiling mo kahit ikaw pa ma’y mapalayo. + many  times we think that in friendship we look for and do every effort to  make the friendship work. but in divine friendship, jesus looks for  us. even if we, most of the time, hide in our self-absorption and pride.  jesus searches for us and never gives up on us, no matter what… no  matter why… no matter how! kahit na sa pakiwari natin tayo ay malayo  sa kanya, patuloy nya tayong hinahanap at iniirog para bumalik sa kanya. kalian  magwawakas ang ‘yong pagtatago? ako’y  naghihintay sa ‘yo. lumapit  ka lamang, ang puso ko’y hagkan. pag-ibig  ko’y walang hanggan. iniibig  kita, manalig ka sana. ako’y  kapiling mo kahit ikaw pa ma’y mapalayo. + dear  friends, this is the kind of god that we have. a god who constantly  loves us even if we are most unlovable. a god who continues to search  for us even if at times we refuse to be found. a god who perpetually  considers us his friends even if most of the time we don’t act like  one. + your  role? ahh… to witness to this kind of god who is the “real  friend” in the strictest meaning of the word. to bring this kind of  understanding of god to others. + but the  question is: what “story”    of jesus do i bring with me?what kind of    a relationship do i have with jesus?how do i see    jesus as my “friend?” music  video: hesus ng aking buhay + what  is the message of the music video? having seen the music video, how  do i answer these questions? what “story”    of jesus do i bring with me?what kind of    a relationship do i have with jesus?how do i see    jesus as my “friend?” + maga  hermano y hemana del cristo, the church needs you. the priests and  religious cannot do it alone. they cannot fulfill it by themselves.  we need you! + we need  you to: continue to    spread the “story” of jesus to the world;share your personal    relationship with jesus as friend to others; andwitness to this    jesus who is the “real friend” + ultimately,  i rest my case. remember those three points as the role of the  youth (your role!) in fulfilling christ’s mission of love. muchisimas  gracias y buenas noches con todo con ustedes! vaya  con dios!



posted by jr orbeta, sj @ 7:16 pm  
    	
         0 comments









	 
	 ash wednesday: from dust unto dust
	 
    


  + today  we celebrate ash wednesday, a day that ushers in the liturgical season  of lent. in today’s liturgy, we will mark ourselves with ashes.  but how can we best describe the rich meaning of this celebration? + i remember  a phrase often quoted: “the externals reflect the internal.”  i believe this phrase speaks very well of our ash wednesday observance.  later we will mark ourselves with the ashes which will be blessed by  father in this mass. but what do these ashes on our foreheads symbolize?  what is the meaning of these ashes on our foreheads? + i suggest  that we consider what the minister will say as he imposes the ashes  on our foreheads. first, the ashes speak of repentance and a desire  for amendment. to“turn away from sin and believe in  the gospel.”  the ashes on our foreheads speak so vividly  of our desire, perhaps the grace that we are begging for this lenten  season: to turn away from sin and to have faith in the gospel.  we catholics through the ages love and treasure rituals and symbols. these rituals and symbols are attemtps to bring that which is intangible into the level of tangibility, to somehow make that which is incomprehensible comprehensible. the ashes on our foreheads will symbolize our desire to renew and be  renewed. today's liturgy will somehow "ritualize", as it were,  our longing to truly leave the life of sin behind and to embrace the  newness of life that jesus offers all of us. we long for new life deep  in our hearts; the ashes serve as "marks" of this desire. + second,  the ashes depict acceptance. the ashes on our foreheads manifest  our humility to accept that we are nothing: we come from dust and  to dust we shall return. an insight that without god, we are nothing.  our existence is contingent; we share in god's existence. perhaps this  sums up the invitation of the lenten season to all of us. to constantly  acknowledge that without god we are nothing. we need god in our lives.  our talents, efforts, and achievements mean nothing if we do not have  god. only god gives us true meaning in our existence. without god we  are nothing, we are dust! + jesuits  are known for being heswitic, in other words, mayabang!  why? kasi malakas daw ang bilib sa sarili.  let me share a personal insight with you regarding my own process of  realization about my “nothingness,” a humble acceptance that i am  dust and that i need god in my life. i wrote this in my blog on february  11, 2006, four years ago when i was a jesuit junior. + i don't know but i  just feel lonely and empty these past few days. it was as if religious  life and the thrills and frills of it have died down. what  fill my mind are the tasks and requirements to accomplish and submit,  not to mention my personal concerns and worries. i feel at this point  spiritually "dry" and devoid of consolation.well, i must admit that perhaps my lonely days are here again. days  when community and apostolic life seem colorless, less exciting. it's  as if i find difficulty in finding  meaning from the things that i do, from the circumstances that i am  in.it was this point that made me think and pray more deeply the question  that every vowed person has ever asked: "is religious life really  for me?" the question that is playing in my mind right now. i thought  that after my profession of perpetual first vows, i will be happy ever  after as a jesuit. yet, trying times come, i am burdened. and as i dragged  my feet to the chapel to pray, asking god and storming heaven with my  countless questions and search for truth, a song gently played in my  mind... in my heart. maging akin muli. it seemed that in the  midst of all the uncertainties that i am feeling right now, with all  the dryness and the seeming absence of consolation that drew my heart  to doubt, god has only three words to say...  maging akin muli.and as i muse about the lyrics of the song, tranquility slowly  crept in. god's assuring and abiding presence filled my being. yes,  maging kanya muli. and as i allowed the song to speak to the  very core of my being, i am once again awed by the kind of god that  i have...maging akin muli arnel dc aquino, s.j.manlamig man sa akin, puso mong maramdamin,lisanin man ng tuwa puso mong namamanglaw,manginig man sa takot masindakin mong puso,mag-ulap man sa lungkot diwa mong mapag-imbot.kapiling mo akong laging naghihintay sa tanging taag mo.pag-ibig kong ito isang pananabk sa puso ko.sa 'yong pagbabalik sa piling kong puspos ng pagsuyo.manahimik at makinig ka't maging akin muli.di mo rin akalain tinig mo'y hanap ko rin.ang 'yong tuwa at sakit, aking galak at pait.kung lingid pa sa iyo, aking pakikiloob,tuklasin mong totoo: tunay mong pagkatao.kapiling mo akong laging naghihintay sa tanging taag mo.pag-ibig kong ito isang pananabk sa puso  ko.sa 'yong pagbabalik sa piling kong puspos ng pagsuyo.manahimik at makinig ka't maging akin muli. however, in the middle  of prayer, i begin to remember not so good days in the society -- the  tensions of community life, disagreements with peers, discomfort with  having to live with someone you would rather not be associated with,  the pressures of academic and apostolic endeavors, etc... --  yet serenity still enchants my being. i begin to see the magnanimity  of my god's compassion... of my god's love.i believe that i am invited by my god to simply trust... to cast my  cares and my processes to his feet. he will take care of them. an invitation  that encourages me to allow him to be god, to allow him to once again  captivate my heart with his wondrous love.  maging akin muli... yes, lord... grant me the grace to be truly  yours...forever. + dear  brethren, the ashes that will be imposed upon our foreheads will speak  for one reality in our life: we are nothing… we need god. but even  if we are nothing, despite the fact that we are dust – useless, worthless,  sometimes senseless – god still loves us and will continue to love  us. + lent  then invites us to stop awhile, reflect, pray, and ultimately go back  to god. as we struggle to reach god, we "fall" in his love,  we rest secure in his presence. we pray then that the whole lenten season  for us be an experience of going back to god, and ultimately, rest secure  in his fervent love which he perfectly expressed in the cross. god bless  you!  



posted by jr orbeta, sj @ 7:14 pm  
    	
         0 comments






friday, june 12, 2009



	 
	 corpus christi: the greatest proof of his love
	 
    


one secret to happiness they say (at least i've read this from a children's anecdote book) is to know that one is loved. to know a certain degree that i am loved contributes much to personal happiness. to know that somebody loves me changes my whole disposition towards life and towards the world.today is corpus christi sunday, or the solemnity of the most holy body and blood of the lord. personally i think what we celebrate today is that knowledge of being loved. st. ignatius loyola in his spiritual exercises states that "the holy eucharist is none other but the greatest proof of god's love" (se 289). i am convinced of this reality simply because of two things: (1) jesus loves me so much that he willed to be "contained" (he who is omnipotent and omniscient) in this piece of bread and in these drops of wine so that he can concretely enter into my life; and (2) jesus loves me unfathomably since he desired to be with me "physically" day in and day out in the most blessed sacrament of the altar even to the end of time.so let us be true to our celebration then. when we participate in the eucharist today in our parishes and/or when we join the solemn procession of the blessed sacrament, let us celebrate love -- god's love made incarnate in jesus. and as we celebrate this love, let us fill the world with love, transmit this love to others and make a difference. we hope that in the end, we may resound with pope benedict xvi, "deus caritas est!"



posted by jr orbeta, sj @ 6:09 pm  
    	
         1 comments






friday, june 05, 2009



	 
	 a share in the life of the trinity
	 
    


today is trinity sunday. there are many theological explanations about the blessed trinity and most of us will find it difficult to digest all of them. but what does the trinity really mean, for us as persons and as christians? what does it mean to be immersed in the life of the trinity as baptized individuals?for me, the simplest explanation perhaps is that the trinity is a community of love. the relations between the father, son, and spirit is in knowing and in loving. the trinity then becomes the perfect model of a community -- that based and rooted in genuine love and concern for each other. and we perfectly share in the trinity is our very knowing and loving!as we celebrate the liturgy, it might be helpful if we ask ourselves whether we have been faithful in following the example of the trinity. have we been communities of love and unity, or are we, as individuals, causes of dissent and disagreement.let us ask the blessed trinity then to make us living models and bearers: persons, then ultimately, communities grounded and centered in genuine love and concern for others. amen.



posted by jr orbeta, sj @ 5:51 pm  
    	
         0 comments






friday, may 29, 2009



	 
	 pentecost sunday: "renew the face of the earth!"
	 
    


we experience a lot of catastrophes in our lives, both natural and man-caused: el niño, la niña, floods, typhoons, food shortage, war,  epidemics, etc... and many times in our lives we are discouraged and we just want to lurk in the corner in sheer hopelessness thinking that we can do nothing. but tomorrow's solemnity of pentecost, the remembering of the descent of the holy spirit upon the apostles and the blessed mother should, as followers of christ, change the picture for us. the holy spirit is not only with the apostles and the blessed mother, precisely, the holy spirit is in us! dear friends, in the gospel jesus told his disciples: "receive the holy spirit." this spurred them on to share the story of jesus to the ends of the earth, fearless and zealous even amidst persecution and martyrdom. as we celebrate pentecost, let us ask the spirit to fortify our hearts and make us courageous in facing whatever concerns that come our way -- h1n1 epidemic, food shortage, corruption, problems, etc... -- with new eyes, with the eyes of the holy spirit. and as we are fortified and renewed by and in the spirit, may we fortify and renew our world. amen.



posted by jr orbeta, sj @ 5:36 pm  
    	
         0 comments






friday, may 22, 2009



	 
	 ascension thursday
	 
    


tomorrow is ascension sunday. we celebrate with great solemnity the lord jesus' ascension into heaven. after several weeks of reflecting and praying over the lord's 'ministry of consolation' to his disciples who were grieved by his death, we remember jesus ascent into glory.perhaps it is helpful if we look at this solemnity in the light of hope. jesus ascended into heaven not so much to leave us but to empower us. remember his words that when the time comes for him to go, "the paraclete will come to us to help us," and that "he will always be with us until the end of time." ascension i think is a milestone for all of us as christians. it is jesus' constant and living invitation for us to continue his mission: jesus is no longer here physically to heal, console, forgive, and love... ergo, as friends and followers of jesus, the solemnity of the ascension is the reminder for us to "heal, console, forgive, and love" all men and women in the name of jesus.let us pray then that we become faithful to this mission entrusted to us and that by doing our "mission," we make jesus christ more present and alive in our midst. amen.



posted by jr orbeta, sj @ 7:19 pm  
    	
         0 comments






thursday, december 25, 2008



	 
	 the work of christmas begins...
	 
    


most of us think that after december 25, christmas is over. i mean the parties and gatherings have ended, gifts have been given away or received already. and for most of us, the excitement of christmas has gone down due to hang overs, upset stomachs, and sheer exhaustion. but is christmas really over for 2008?i wish to share with you a very nice literary piece from howard thurman. he said that christmas isn't over... christmas, the work of christmas has just begun:when the song of he angel is stilled,when the star in the sky is gone,when the kings and princes are home,when the shepherds are back with their flock,the work of christmas begins:to find the lostto heal the brokento feed the hungryto release the prisonerto rebuild the nationsto bring peace among brothers and sisters~to make music in the heart.may we never forget that the spirit and the message of christmas will never be over. may we have the grace to continue the work that christmas has just begun. amen.



posted by jr orbeta, sj @ 4:17 pm  
    	
         0 comments






wednesday, december 24, 2008



	 
	 a blessed christmas to all!
	 
    


  why do we celebrate christmas?!  remember:       jesus is better than santa    santa lives at the north pole.    jesus is everywhere.    santa rides in a sleigh    jesus rides on the wind and walks on the water.   santa comes but once a year   jesus is an ever present help.   santa fills your stockings with goodies   jesus supplies all your needs.   santa comes down your chimney uninvited   jesus stands at your door and knocks.. and then enters your heart.   you have to stand in line to see santa   jesus is as close as the mention of his name.   santa lets you sit on his lap   jesus lets you rest in his arms.  santa doesn't know your name, all he can say is "hi little boy or girl, what's your name?"  jesus knew our name before we did. not only does he know our name, he knows our address too. he knows our history and future and he even knows how many hairs are on our heads.  santa has a belly like a bowl full of jelly  jesus has a heart full of love.  all santa can offer is ho! ho! ho!  jesus offers health, help and hope.  santa says "you better not cry"  jesus says "cast all your cares on me for i care for you.  santa's little helpers make toys  jesus makes new life, mends wounded hearts, repairs broken homes and builds mansions.  santa may make you chuckle but  jesus gives you joy that is your strength.  santa is a myth  but jesus is the truth, the way, and the life  while santa puts gifts under your tree  jesus became our gift and died on the tree.  it's obvious there is really no comparison.  we need to remember who christmas is all about.  we need to put christ back in christmas.  jesus is still the reason for the season.a blessed christmas, everyone!



posted by jr orbeta, sj @ 3:46 pm  
    	
         1 comments















about me

name:  jr orbeta, sj 
location:  jesuit residence, ateneo de zamboanga university, philippines 
the holy founder of the society of jesus, st. ignatius of loyola, was well-known for his love and loyalty to jesus christ through his loyalty to the church and to the supreme pontiff. this blog wishes to share with people the wonders of god's love in our life through prayers and reflections to make people feel their oneness with the church -- for god's greater glory!
view my complete profile

links

jesuit vocations promotions
the filipino jesuits literary blog
jesuit art
ryan
joel, sj
ernald, sj
 
the movie fanatic
in my father's house
silent dewdrops
discreta caritas
deo gloria; homo vivens
recusant pilgrim
insouciant sojourner
three stars and a sun
katimugambalon
wounded healer
mute prophet
labyrinthine moments
batik batik na kariktan
katipunero
kurab sili
kamingaw sa payag
chubby bartimaeus
stuck to life
photo and spiritual exercises
jesuit gourmet
prayers for keeps
fr. jboy gonzales sj
fr. norlan julia sj
fr. victor baltazar sj
center for ignatian spirituality - phil
fr. lester maramara sj
dr. tex sj

 



previous posts

“remembering the role of the youth in fulfilling c...
ash wednesday: from dust unto dust
corpus christi: the greatest proof of his love
a share in the life of the trinity
pentecost sunday: "renew the face of the earth!"
ascension thursday
the work of christmas begins...
a blessed christmas to all!
christmas reflections: salvation has come!
advent reflections: "prepare the way of the lord"

archives

november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
august 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
may 2009
june 2009
february 2010





 



 




