







custom home builder in fort worth | steve hawkins homes




























































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content


























 
custom homes communities design your home available homesabout us our process design studio what sets us apart commercial landgallerycontact








custom homes

communities
design your home
available homes


about us

our process
design studio
what sets us apart
commercial
land


gallery
contact


 





a house you can call home.














































home is where the heart is—
it’s a place that your family can grow with and you can grow old in.






at steve hawkins homes, we believe in creating customized homes built to last for years to come. unlike other big builders, we take special care in constructing your dream home while providing you with a relaxed, top-quality experience that exceeds your expectations.







build your dream home























welcome to the neighboorhood.









when building a new home, choosing a location is key.






with eight communities to choose from across the greater fort worth area, including benbrook, aledo, godley, and crowley—you will surely find a place you love. our neighborhoods have been selected with you in mind—each offers nearby shopping and amenities, quality schools, easy access to highways, and much more.







view our communities


















where we build











communties









quick move-ins











available homes









custom homes











view floorplans



















i love the amount of detail they put into their homes and appreciate the customer service even more. the personal experience i've gotten from using steve hawkins is incomparable!— ashley 

my experience with steve hawkins custom homes has been outstanding. they build a quality home and have quality sub-contractors that were very helpful, which is a rare find in the price range they build. the best part about my experience has been with the people that work there.  everyone is helpful, patient, and caring in what can be a stressful process. i would recommend them to anyone.
— matt


we have owned over 10 homes in the dallas fort worth area, and this has got to be one of our top favorites. the build process was fantastic, and they were so helpful in answering questions and making changes. the quality of the home and materials is top notch. we are very pleased.
— john





















start your building your home today.









email us











call (817) 737-4446



































communities








aledo
expand



woodland meadows





benbrook
expand



whitestone heights
whitestone ranch
whitestone crest





crowley
expand



mayfair estates














fort worth
expand



woodland springs





godley
expand



coyote crossing












additional resources







land developmentcommercial services








get social









google icon





facebook icon



















© 2025 steve hawkins homes | fort worth custom home builder | commercial. all rights reserved.





























