


home





























better relationships
between people and dogs










bonding opportunities
by participating in events










providing obedience training
for a happy home










funding research
for k9 projects



























welcome

about us

classes

events


calendar

members only

contacts

want 2 join?

















why choose us






experienced trainers



our trainers are highly certified and professional. they continue their education so they always know the best, gentlest, and fastest ways to help your dog gain amazing results.






classes instill socialization


beginning with our puppy class, socialization is an important aspect of our training. the canine good citizen (cgc) test is offered to "proof" your dog's socialization among dogs and people.






obedience & rally


year round classes of various levels of competency provide the opportunity to enter obedience and rally competitions or to simply continue adding new skills and talents for you and your canine.






conformation classes


if you are interested in showing your dog in the conformation ring, we offer small classes.






member akc


for over fifty years the club has been a member of the  american kennel club. we host annual trials in agility, obedience and rally, tracking, and scent work. 






invited speaker meetings


bimonthly member meetings feature speakers and topics of interest to dog owners and opportunities to network.










gifts from the         heart

through fund raising activities and club funds, an annual donation is given to the birchbark foundation. teddy is our 2025 recipient. he was attacked by an off-leash dog, suffering serious injuries. his guardian, a student, was unable to afford the surgery. your support aided in providing the necessary care.




akc trick dog

 
akc trick dog classes are now being offered tuesday evenings at the watsonville fairgrounds. enrollment is limited.
              



uc davis         scholarship
                  
our annual scholarship of $1000 is awarded to a local student enrolled in the veterinary school at the univ. of california at davis. this year's recipient is dylan caro. thank you so much for your generous contribution to my education. this scholarship goes a long way helping me pursue my goals and dreams as a veterinarian. currently i am thinking about pursuing a specialization in surgery. on top of school, i work under a local veterinary surgeon in sacramento. 
this scholarship has shown me how much of an impact giving can make in someone's life. as a veterinarian i hope to similarly give and helpthose around me who want to make a positive impact on the world. i hope to do this through mentorship, always bringing a positive attitude to work, uplifting those around me, and maybe one day providing financial assistance to those in need through scholarships as well.















future events











 obedience workshop 

june 15,2024 manzanita park 








april 26-27,2025 scent work trials

watsonville elks lodge. 









june 13-14-15, 2025 agility trials

trials at manzanita park, prunedale. 








july 26, 2025
obedience - rally trials
july 27 manzanita park, prunedale. am and pm trials. opens june 1st.
					










contact




montereybaydog@gmail.com



facebook


monterey bay dog training




ruff notes

ruff notes
download ruff notes pdf



 
 
 











