


linguistic solutionslinguistic solutions

 






















































home
about us
services
clients
resources
blog
contact










              jul            

              10            

              2009            

home

published by christopher hurtado 


a tool toward your globalization
through us you will be able to get your message across in arabic, english, french, german, italian, portuguese, russian and spanish. approximately 80% of the planet’s population understands at least one of these languages.
we break down language and cultural barriers
translation

technical
legal
training materials
advertising

interpretation

courtroom proceedings
depositions
investigations

language classes

organizations (on-site)
individuals (one-on-one or in small groups)

cross-cultural training

corporate and personal consulting
linguistic solutions’ philosophy
linguistic solutions is a multidisciplinary team of linguists and social and cultural researchers, backed by the latest technology, acting as consultants toward efficient communication and offering specific services of translation or revision of private documents and public messages for business operations worldwide.
don’t just translate your message. demand quality translations.
globalization has allowed new approximations to communication problems amongst the world’s different cultures. language barriers are not overcome by simply translating. it is necessary to have a deep understanding of many of the details of scope and context, as well as the specific circumstances of each communicative act, in order to obtain the best results.
on the other hand, mistakes, poor communication and lack of attention to important details, which tend to get away from those who are not specialized in these fields, can be not only costly, but also severely hamper great programs.
we offer not only simultaneous interpreting of events and for individuals from or into arabic, english, french, german, italian, portuguese, russian and spanish, but we also solve all kinds of quality translation problems with regard to:

technical manuals
public documents (instructions, catalogs)
books and brochures
legal documents
personal documents (curricula, resumes, titles)
forms
audiovisual programs, videos, documentaries
speeches

we know what we’re talking about
many of our linguists have dual professions. they come from fields such as engineering, medicine, the petroleum industry, electronics and computing. therefore, we are very familiar with certain specialties, and the particular terminology, jargon and coined terms, in different languages allowing us to do translations, revisions of translated texts and interpretations that are accurate and plainly understood.

oil & gas
hs&e
medicine
computing
electronics
engineering

we orient and teach
we offer educational services, not only interpreting and supervising training and delivery of materials, but also directly training executives and technicians who must make a transition from one culture to another.

language classes for groups and individuals
cross-cultural training seminars and workshops
cross-cultural and globalization consulting

we are communicators
we help the media, advertising agencies, public relations firms, corporations, international organizations and governments in culturally adapting campaigns, translation of copy for public messages, speech writing and other social communications operations.

ads, advertising and promotional campaigns
dubbing of movies, videos, programs
software localization



no responses yet 




trackback uri | 
  comments rss


leave a reply
you must be logged in to post a comment.








search for:




pages

home
about us

testimonials
jobs at linguistic solutions
people
press


services

classical languages
qa checklist
languages


clients
resources

links
articles
dictionaries
flash cards
global culture
presentations


blog
contact


categories
categories
select category
 web globalization
bilingualism
cat/mt
cms/gms
cross-cultural training
foreign language instruction
general
global culture
globalization
high tech/high touch
hispanic marketing
internationalization
interpretation
localization
multilingualism
the blogosphere
translation
tricks of the trade
vacation spanish



archives
archives

select month
 january 2008 
 november 2006 
 may 2006 
 february 2006 
 january 2006 
 november 2005 
 june 2005 
 april 2005 
 february 2005 
 january 2005 
 december 2004 
 november 2004 
 october 2004 









site admin

linguistic solutions 
	copyright © 2025 all rights reserved .



