



ez tops world wide manufacture acrylic and lexan skylights and domes.

















click here for office hours and holidays
we are open and prefer email over phone calls.
we are answering emails 7 days a week, thank you.
e-mail  
eztops@xplornet.com



































		
        	

		
        

		
        			


        			


        


        


        


        


        









with over 220 standard acrylic or lexan® skylight sizes to choose from, one usually does 
not have to order custom skylights. an acrylic skylight can be 
installed into existing openings from which the old skylight was removed. 
specializing in clear skylights and custom skylights, 
with a relatively quick turn around time on delivery, even for 
pentagon skylight shapes. octagon skylights, hexagon skylights and 
circular skylights are usually less than 4 weeks to ship. bronze tinted 
skylights are the largest mover with clear acrylic skylights second and 
white skylights most popular in the hotter southern states. round curb 
mounted skylights for yurts are a new venture. lexan® rv skylights are a large market 
for replacements as manufacturers mostly installed acrylic skylights which 
tend to crack from having holes drilled and screwed down. lexan® skylights are better for screwing down and caulking over the flange. 
ez tops manufactures clear, white and tinted acrylic domes in various sizes 
up to 69" diameter. 
round domes are ideal for display domes, covers, 
windows and kiosks. white acrylic photo domes to compete with the ever 
popular cloud dome is another avenue ez tops has taken from demand for 
domes in a more diversified size range. our photo dome selection is over 
28 sizes now and we can locate the viewing hole were the customer wants. 
security camera domes, protective camera domes and black fake dummy domes 
are a growing market. with sizes up to 69" diameter from 1-1/2" diameter, 
we can cover most security cameras. oval domes are a great way to cover that special item.
we strictly use acrylite® 
acrylic sheet & 
lexan® polycarbonate sheet for manufacturing domes & skylights.






"click here to go our rv skylights"
  


    


    










partners 
rans lexan doors


company terms and conditions



disclaimer






