



 radio wa, western australia, independent holiday network

















western australian visitor information home page
wa holiday planner
special interest accommodation
travellers links
coming events
unique wa products
station guide
contact us
about us
advertising






 













	 















wtr           
			
   
			
   
			
radio wa 
			
  
			



  



			this site is a  western australian, 
			independent holiday network, providing the independent traveller 
			with direct links to unique attractions and businesses around wa. it 
			is part of a 
new independent media that is evolving 
			to fill the void left by main stream media . within the site the 
			
 
            symbol takes you to our sound cloud file about the subject. 
			from
			
			sound cloud, you can download for free,  stories that 
			interest you to play while you are travelling around wa, out side 
			the range of our radio stations.  


			 













 


 to 
			help you make the most of your holiday in wa, there are links to 
			many sites of interest from our wa holiday planner,
            and to many more from the travellers
            links. the site caters for all interests but there is also a 
			focus on agritourism and on 
			tours in wa.   our section on 
            special
            interest accommodation will help you find
            bed and breakfast 
			, farmstay, 
			pet friendly, golf resorts and many 
			more.
 
      		you will find links to  
		events

      in the south west and perth.. to help you make contact with local people
      with a similar interest to you, visit  
		community
      organisations  websites before you leave home or go on
      line at some of the many internet cafes or  
		telecentres while travelling in regional
      wa.  
		
		trails connect people with places and provide a wonderful 
		way to discover western australia’s unique landscapes and explore our 
		heritage. you can hike in our national parks and see spectacular 
		wildflowers, paddle downstream through the tranquil forest or head off 
		on an exhilarating mountain bike adventure.
      western tourist radio programs
      provide listeners  with information about local attractions,
      activities, products and history as well as   
		unique
      west australian products, gifts and souvenirs, via our network of
      tourist radio stations. our programs highlight aspects of each region, with 
        information and humorous anecdotes on the history, industry, attractions 
        and talents of the people in the region.         



add
            your site | 
			disclaimer |
			site map 



we aim to 
			help west australians and visitors to have a great holiday in wa, 
			through our suit of special interest websites specifically designed 
			to be affordable to small businesses.

www.petfriendlywa.com.au     
			: pet friendly accommodation in wa 
www.gardeningwest.com.au    
			: a great site for gardeners travelling in wa
www.tourswa.com.au              
			: great small and large tour operators in wa
www.caravanparkswa.net.au   
			: a network of wa caravan parks 
www.farmstaywest.com.au     
			: farm stay's, station stay's and rural escapes in western australia
www.bandbwa.net.au             
			: a network of quality bed and breakfasts across western australia
www.agritourismwa.com.au    
			: agritourism in western australia, remaking the connection between 
			the city and the bush.
www.harvesthighway.net.au     
			: a network of producers and tourism businesses along the south 
			western highway 
			

			www.noleavenolifewa.com.au  : holiday in your own back yard



© western tourist radio,  a grassroots network of 
			wa small business 2017





 
 


 
 


 
 




























































