












award-winning california and oregon wines | la crema





























































 



















  my account 





.





 




 




  

wine shop

all wines
nine barrel
appellation
sonoma coast
sonoma county
monterey
vineyard
willamette
gifts


wine club

join club
wine club exclusives
membership benefits
shipment schedule


explore la crema

story
sustainability
winegrowing regions
winemaking
people
what wine are you?


visit us

estate at saralee’s vineyard
events
virtual tour


blog

view all posts


 















winery of the year
honored to be named 2024 american winery of the year by wine enthusiast 
learn more  






official partner of wnba & usab

learn more



shop all wines


find your favorite wine

shop now







visit la crema




visit us in sonoma county

estate at saralee's vineyard
open daily by appointment
more info


make a reservation
 on tock
more info









from the la crema blog






wine and cheese pairing 101: the ultimate beginner’s guide

these two icons have stood the test of time as one of the ultimate food duos. wine and cheese are like the peanut butter and jelly of the grown-up world,... read more






the best wines to pair with prime rib

as we ease—or prance, depending on your style—into the holiday season, visions of twinkly get-togethers and indulgent meals fill our minds. and few main courses make an impact like prime... read more






la crema named american winery of the year

it’s official—we’ve been named american winery of the year by wine enthusiast. to say we’re thrilled doesn’t capture the significance of this award for la crema. this honor isn’t just... read more






the ultimate guide to turkey and wine pairings

putting together a great wine lineup for your thanksgiving dinner is about thinking—without overthinking. not just casually guessing, but also not getting uptight and stressing. with a little knowledge, it... read more






new release: beaujolais-style wine

for the past few years, we’ve been working diligently behind the scenes and perfecting a brand new wine for our la crema lineup: the red wine nouveau! it’s our homage... read more






pinot gris vs pinot grigio: what’s the difference?

if the title caught your eye, there’s a good chance you know that pinot gris and pinot grigio are both attractive white wines, but after that, you wander into uncertain... read more



go to blog







 visit us in sonoma county
  

estate at saralee’s vineyard
3575 slusser rd.
windsor, ca 95492
open daily by appointment
  facebook social network    instagram social network   twitter social network 

 
info@lacrema.com
707-525-6200



  
 
store locator
terms
charitable donations
shipping
trade
privacy policy
accessibility
 

join 'the list', save on your first online order
get email updates on wines, partnerships, events, news, special offers and promotions.
subscribe


la crema winery, windsor, ca







our privacy policy document has been recently updated. accept

















