




 







rc country hobbies - rc country hobbies



























skip to content








menu



 



search

about us 
departments cars rc off-road 
rc on-road 
rc crawlers 

aircraft planes 
multirotor 
helis 

boats 

parts 
contact us 
 


close menu





















rc country hobbies is the largest toy and hobby showroomin northern california!
if it’s hobby quality, we have it! 

 








ready for some fun?you’ll find the fun of all shapes, sizes, and age ranges at rc country hobbies! we have the inventory, and trained sales staff to guide you to the toys and hobbies that dreams are made of! we stock parts from most of the hobby quality brands.come in and see today! we stock parts from most of the hobby quality brands! 

 











 



                                                r/c aircraft                                        





 



                                                r/c boats                                        





 



                                                r/c cars                                        









 



                                                rockets                                        





 



                                                trains                                        





 



                                                toys                                        


















what’s in stock?
call us or fill out the form by clicking the link below! 





                                                contact us                                        












 














why buy from us? 

 















the largest showroom in northern california
we probably have what you’re looking for in-stock. if we don’t, many items can be had the next day if they’re in stock with our suppliers! why pay shipping costs, when we can get it fast at no extra charge?! 

 











exceptional value
we strive to be competitive in our pricing! we do our best to give you a great value, and the follow-up support to match it! we can help you make your hobby fun!buy with confidence from rc country hobbies! 

 











knowledgable staff
our staff has seen it all, and been there too! we’ve crashed it, broken it, burned it up, lost it to the bottom of the lake, and made our offerings to the gods of speed. we are hobbyists ourselves! we have the advice you need to tune it, repair it, build it, paint it, and make your hobbies awesome! 

 











local customer service
sometimes, buying from someone you’ve never seen can leave you stranded when it comes to figuring a product out. our guys have a better understanding of the products we sell and take more time to get to know our customers! it’s difficult to say the same for a “call center.” 

 














any questions?
get in touch with us today and we’ll be glad to answer any questions you may have! 

 





                                                call us now                                        









                                                get in touch                                        















































rc country hobbies
9500 micron ave
sacramento, ca 95827
(916) 731-5868
hours

m – f: 10 am–6:30 pm

sat: 10:00 am – 5:00 pm

sun: closed

closed most major holidays
holiday extended hours:
we are open on sundays during the christmas season between thanksgiving and christmas 





 



 


















 







© 2025 rc country hobbies, all rights reserved. 














 

