






compassion coalition – an initiative of the knoxville leadership foundation


























































 





klf home






skip to content













  


search for:








aboutabout uswhat we doleadership / staffour membersmember resourcesour storiestrainingscopebridges out of povertyfrontlinespeakers bureauassistancei need assistanceconnection pointmake a referralgetting ahead classesget involvedvolunteerbenevolencebulletin boardintern with uscontactjoindonate 














home pageadmin2024-10-01t01:51:00+00:00 
 
 loading...







compassion coalition 



founded 2000 | a knoxville leadership foundation initiative since 2018 










a coalition that is transforming our city.
the body of christ working together in
unity to serve the greatest needs.


did you know that 1 in 6 knoxville residents live at or below the poverty line? currently, 26% of our neighbors are living in poverty compared to 12% nationally.
the knoxville area has almost 700 churches that have the resources and capacity to make a monumental difference in the lives of vulnerable citizens of our community.
compassion coalition is a member based organization that exists to help the collective church respond to the needs that often go unmet in our city. we call these “gap needs”.
we help knoxville churches by informing them of needs in knoxville; equipping them through training; connecting them to areas of need and empowering them to serve in our community.

join the coalitionmember resourcesi need assistancemobilizing the church and organizations to serve the city.
informinform
we teach you about local problems and needs through specific trainings, publications and events.
read more
equipequip
we have a wealth of resources and trainings to offer that will equip you to effectively respond in very practical ways to the needs in our community.
read more
connectconnect
as we work together, we are responding to knoxville’s greatest social needs connecting you to these needs in ways that will bring empowering city transformation.
read more




upcoming training + events




september 17th from 12 to 1pm – compassion coalition annual fundraising luncheon at cokesbury center’s epworth hall – (9915 kingston pike). to register or for more information contact charmin@compassioncoalition.org.
october 15th from 12 to 1pm – frontline: creating space at fountain city presbyterian church – (500 hotel rd) – cost for members: free, non members $15 – to register or for more information contact training@compassioncoalition.org.
october 30th through november 1st from 9am to 12:30pm – bridges out of poverty at the regas building – (318 n. gay st.) – cost for members $50.00, non members $150 – to register or for more information contact training@compassioncoalition.org.
november 14th from 2pm to 4pm – frontline: responding to requests for assistance at central baptist fountain city – (5364 n broadway st.) – cost for members: free, non members $50 – to register or for more information contact training@compassioncoalition.org.




since january 2024




0calls responded0people served0people trainedmeet traci

traci, her husband and 3 children were used to making it month to month. but if you are a low wage earner, it may only take one crisis to destabilize your whole life. traci was pregnant, with only a number of days before her due date when that crisis came. the home they were renting was sold out from under them and they were told that they would have to move.

read the full storyclick here to
read more stories
of compassion
sign up to receive our bulletin board

full name email address


  








δ






























  


 





 












 
compassion coalition
318 north gay street, suite 207
knoxville tn 37917
phone: 865-251-1591

 




 

 
about compassion
contact us
join the coalition
member resources

 
 





		©2020 | klf • site design by new frame creative  



 
 
 
 
 




 



x
 
















































































































