


floating cubans




floating cubans
this page is dedicated to the ingenuity and entrepreneurial spirit
   of the various cuban refugees who have attempted to sail to the
   united states on homemade vessels cleverly crafted from old american
   cars. unfortunately, often they have been caught before reaching
   american soil, and returned to cuba. here's to you, floating cubans!
   your cleverness and your persistence inspire me. may you all
   achieve your goal, and finally reach the land of mcdonald's, disney,
   and coca-cola.
the original cuban truck raft
the original attempt at reaching the united states was done with a
   converted 1951 chevy pickup truck on july 16, 2003. the truck's drive
   shaft was attached directly to a propeller and the craft could
   reportedly reach a leisurely 7 knots (8 mph). 55-gallon oil
   drums were used for flotation. the dozen or so cubans in the truck
   were caught just south of key west after being sighted by a
   u.s. customs aircraft.





starboard
     side of the truck raft. photograph taken by the
     u.s.
     coast guard. click the image for a larger version.
back
     view of truck raft, showing spacious cargo capacity.




closeup
     of the truck raft from the front, showing one of its passengers
     checking the engine under the hood.
another
     side view of the truck raft.


this valiant and ingenious attempt at fleeing cuba earned the original
   crew the proud title of camionautas (truckonauts). unfortunately,
   instead of being rewarded for their cleverness, the cubans were
   repatriated back to cuba. sadly, the pickup truck was also later sunk
   (reportedly through the copious application of machine-gun fire!) by the
   u.s. coast guard.
here are links to some news stories and notable websites mentioning
   the original cuban truck raft.

havana
    journal - cubans found at sea on pickup truck converted to motor raft
cubanet -
    coast guard sends back cubans who tried to sail to u.s. in a truck
cnn.com -
    cruisin' cubans found at sea on '51 chevy
st.
    petersburg times - cuban truck sank to deter copycats
cellar image
    of the day - 1951 chevy truck-raft
balloon
    juice - america or bust!

taking the buick out for a spin
in early february of 2004, three of the original truckonauts made a
   second attempt to reach florida. their new, more sophisticated
   vessel, with a passenger complement of eleven, was crafted from a
   1959 buick: the interior was welded to be watertight, the prow of a
   boat was attached to the front of the car, and, amazingly, the car
   was fully functional and still had its tires. their audacious
   plan was to reach landfall in florida, discard the boat parts, and
   drive to a relative's home in lake worth, fl.




the
     1959 buick converted car-boat


there's something about this second attempt that just makes me smile.
   i guess it warms my soul to think that if you're going to make a
   desperate seaward journey to flee your homeland, you can still do
   it in style, and with your hearts full of hope.
here are links to some news stories and notable websites mentioning
   the second truckonaut attempt at reaching u.s. shores:

canf.org - cubans trade in pickup for buick on trip to u.s.
cnn.com -
    cubans try floating vintage car to florida
miami
    herald - cubans' buick pulled over at sea
(free registration required)

this particular ocean-crossing had a happier result for its intrepid
   passengers. after a lengthy stay at guantanamo (during which master
   mechanic and original truckonaut luis grass, who created the original
   truck raft in 2003, reportedly longingly eyed various military trucks
   as potential conversions), a group of 20 cuban migrants, including
   grass and his family, was granted passage to relative freedom in
   costa rica.

cnn.com -
    cuban car-boat family to stay in florida -- for now
cuban
    news - cuban family celebrates u.s. move to send "buick
    family" to gitmo
miami
    herald - cuban 'truckonaut,' family call costa rica home
(free registration required)

update! as of march of 2005, an even happier ending may be
   in store for luis grass, his wife isora, and their 5-year-old son
   angel luis, as they finally entered the united states—by land!
   their incredible 24 day journey from costa rica took them through
   six countries and involved trekking through jungles, hitchhiking,
   sleeping outdoors, and eventually sneaking through the mexico-u.s.
   border from matamoros, mexico. here's a website with the full story:

movimiento
    democracia - family makes epic journey to america

let's all raise a mojito to honor
   luis grass and his family for their persistence, bravery, mechanical
   aptitude, and sheer chutzpah. ¡bravo!
taxi, please!
not to be outdone, rafael diaz reyes, another of the original
   truckonauts, made another attempt at u.s. landfall on june 8, 2005.
   his craft, a converted 1949 mercury station wagon, appears to follow
   the design of the second-attempt 1959 buick car boat. it carried 13
   people and was stopped at the usual area just off key west. the
   mercury was apparently originally a taxi. driver! to florida,
   and hurry!





reuters
     video photo of mercury taxi boat
miami
     nbc6 video grab showing taxi boat getting pulled over by the
     u.s. coast guard


here are links to some news stories and notable websites mentioning
   this most recent cuban taxi-turned-boat.

south
    florida sun-sentinel - water taxi carrying 13 cubans intercepted off
    key west
(includes video footage!)
reuters -
    u.s. finds cubans fleeing in amphibious 49 mercury
miami
    herald - migrants' 'taxicab' boat stopped at sea
(free registration required)

the fate of this most recent group of truckonauts is at this point
   uncertain. their families are calling on the u.s. to provide them
   political asylum.

please e-mail any suggestions, corrections, or pointers to
   additional information and photographs to
   andrew ho
(webmaster@floatingcubans.com).
disclaimers: border protection and
   immigration policy are complicated issues; this page just recognizes
   the spirit of the truckonauts who took brave and clever steps to take
   matters in their own hands. it is not the author's intention to
   violate any copyrights. please contact me if there are issues with
   images or quotes on this page.


