










home - ten mile lake association




















































  

















skip to content












menu


home
membership

member login
donate
membership information
join the association


about us

about
association officers
board of directors
committees
the lake
contact us


news

current updates
newsletters
blog
obituaries


events

tmla calendar of events
hackensack chamber events calendar
walker/leech-lake events calendar


resources

library
links
history
weather/webcam
faqs


highlights

tmla neighborhood
ten mile lake sailing club
things to do and see
lost and found
for sale
faqs


donate
 



































 





 
 























events 
 

 
















store 
 

 
















join 
 

 
















login 
 

 












dedicated to the preservation and improvement of ten mile lake and its environment

















tmla highlights






whether you want to sit back, relax and enjoy the serene surroundings of ten mile lake, explore active options in the area, or feel the urge to volunteer your time to help preserve this beautiful place – click on the images below where you can find more information. enjoy!
















                                science corner                            














                                volunteer center                            














                                ten mile lake sailing club                            














                                things to do and see                            














                                lost and found                            














                                tmla neighborhood garage sale                            
























read current newsletter here











view webcam










































view this profile on instagram
























ten mile lake association (@ tenmilelakeassociation) • instagram photos and videos
      




















learn about the anchor






the anchor is membership central for tmla and is a portal for you to access the “members only” portion of this website. once you have paid your dues, set up a username and password and signed in, you will have access to all kinds of tml information including lost and found/sales, the volunteer center, the calendar of events, the tml sailing club history and schedule of events and all the documents included in our organization library and history pages. and of course our online directory of members. you can check your account, pay your dues online and participate in our surveys and contests. it’s a great benefit of membership in the ten mile lake association. we appreciate your continued support – thank you!


























 signing into the anchor 










learn how to access the members only portions of the website and the anchor here! 
learn more

























 editing your personal profile 










update your contact info, change your subscriptions or pick a committee to follow – it’s easy! 
learn more

























 information on paying dues 










learn how to pay online, set up autopay, and check your account. 
learn more
















anchor faq's











make a donation













 












© 2025 ten mile lake association
 | 
site by growthzone
































preserving and improving ten mile lake and its environs




















ten mile lake association













p o box 412, hackensack mn 56452association@tenmilelake.org 















































© 2017 ten mile lake association. all rights reserved. site by growthzone.









 
scroll to top














