










home - the law offices of soheila azizi & associates, p.c.
















































skip to content








	rancho cucamonga · san bernardino · inland empire









call our office today: (909) 484-9992











































your law firm for life.














 
homefirm overview the azizi waypractice areas civil litigation elder abuse serious injury nursing home neglect medical malpractice wrongful death collaborative law collaborative divorce family law adoption child custody child support division of property divorce spousal support visitation rights alternative dispute resolution mediation domestic violence estate planning & probate wills and trusts will contest bankruptcyse habla espanol areas de practica vision general del despacho legal derecho de familia legal descargo de responsabilidad contactenosmediablogcontact usreview us testimonials








 

















scroll down 




























































































in response to covid-19, we are offering our clients the ability to meet with us via telephone or video conferencing.
please call our office to discuss your options.
we are available 24/7 to assist you virtually with your legal matter.



















































































































































ms. azizi has been practicing law for nearly three decades, starting first in civil litigation. her practice focuses on professional malpractice, wrongful death, hospital/medical malpractice, family law, adr, estate planning. azizi was born in iran to an iranian mother and a russian migrant father, and she remained in the country for the first 18 years of her life. she and her family fled to europe and eventually to the united states because of religious persecution under the iranian government.
ms. azizi’s approach to bringing justice and equity for her clients begins with education and empowerment, and a loving partnership in a joint crusade for discovery of facts upon which reasonable expectations may be built. walking with her clients as co-wayfarers of this journey every step of the way, ms. azizi educates her clients on realities of the process, and plausible interpretations and applications of the law. through the process, the client is encouraged to engage in self-exploration, and positive transformation, which often results in a paradigm shift of attitudes. once a defeated victim, the client becomes a mighty force in this pursuit of justice.







learn more








“my faith values as worship the work that is offered in a spirit of service. i also try to give back to the community as a way of thanksgiving for all the blessings i have received throughout my life, especially in this country…” -soheila azizi









































divorcechild supportchild custodydomestic partnershipproperty divisionspousal suypportguardianship 




						family law		


















we are a leader in online arbitration, mediation and alternative dispute resolution. we have combined the cost-effectiveness and speed of arbitration and mediation with the ease and convenience of the internet, ensuring that your disputes are resolved in an efficient, satisfactory manner. 




						online dispute resolution		


















alternative dispute resolution or adr includes several different forms of conflict resolution that don’t result in going to trial. the purpose of adr is to successfully resolve conflicts and increase the tools already available for peacefully resolving conflicts. 




						mediation & adr		


























our attorneys provide a full spectrum of administration services following the death of an estate holder. we will advise trustees, executors, and administrators in the probate process, and provide full services such as asset valuation and inventory, creditor workouts, inheritance taxes, and handling the final distribution of the remainder of estate assets. 




						estate planning		


















if someone else’s negligence, carelessness or recklessness has caused the death of someone in your family, david and the rest of us at the law offices of soheila azizi & associates, p.c. are truly sorry for what you are going through. while we are, unfortunately, unable to help with many of the difficult emotional challenges you are facing, we are able to help in one significant way, and that is through the legal process. 




						wrongful death		


















the laws regarding proof of negligence make it clear that only serious injuries resulting from gross negligence in place of an accepted level of care can possibly result in recovery of money damages. 




						serious injury		


























if you want to contest a loved one’s will or simply want to learn more about the process, contact us. 




						wills & trust		


















need to file for bankruptcy? contact us we can help. 




						bankruptcy		


















restraining orderssupport orderskick out orderno contact 




						domestic violence		


























dental malpractice occurs when a dental provider fails to diagnose or treat an oral health condition properly that in turn, leads to serious injury or death. 




						dental malpractice		


















hospital malpracticenurse negligencedoctor negligencenursing home neglect 




						medical malpractice		


















business disputescivil harassmentcontractlandlord/tenant 




						civil litigation		


























every year, hundreds of thousands of vulnerable senior citizens suffer neglect, physical assault, and financial exploitation by family members, residential care staff members, and others who know that older persons often lack strong legal advocacy. 




						elder abuse		


















when vulnerable adults suffer malnutrition, dehydration, and bodily injury because of nursing home neglect, however, the sense of outrage can become overwhelming. when the elderly do not have a strong advocate to protect their rights, we are here. 




						nursing home neglect		


















is a new way to resolve disputes by removing the courtroom setting. in this method, both parties will retain separate attorneys. if anybody chooses to go to court at any time throughout the process, the process will be terminated. 




						collaborative law		































justice ruth bader ginsburg






we join with the entire country in expressing our sorrow at the passing of justice ruth bader ginsburg.
from the teen years on, justice ginsburg’s entire life was spent in striving for excellence, justice and respect for the law. she was an incredibly tireless worker for the rights of women and the underserved, as well as a shining example of the highest standards of education, jurisprudence and even family life. her assiduous work to secure equal protection for women, especially, and others missing from inclusive shelter under the law forever changed the way the american legal system looks at its own functioning, she serves as a role model for girls and young women now and well into the future..
she embodied the qualities and standards our organization seeks to encourage in our youth development programs, and is an inspiration to us all as we work to promote opportunities and advancement for women of all ages.
our heartfelt thanks to justice ginsburg for her unparalleled legacy. may she rest in peace.

















servicios de interprete disponible















derecho de familia 














areas de practica 














nuestro despacho 













we advocate for your rights and are committed to delivering the best legal solutions to your unique situation.






at the law offices of soheila azizi and ￼associates we treat clients as we would like to be treated. we believe that it is important to get to know our clients’ needs and to build long term relationships based on mutual trust, compassion, care and respect. our law firm takes pride in its reputation for integrity and trustworthiness which we have built over the last 27 years in the inland empire, and we will continue to provide our clients with not just a voice but also a choice. a choice over their options.
we listen we take the time to evaluate your situation we work with you to build a strategy and plan of action that best suits your needs, so that you can have a choice over the options and solutions that are available to you!
some cases are more appropriate for an out of court and amicable resolution while others deserve nothing less than a full force fight to make annihilate the oppressor and bring justice to our client.
your hopes expectations desires and needs are the most important part of our mission you deserve to be empowered with information and maintain control in every step of your legal process!
i personally see to it that at the law offices of soheila azizi and associates you are treated as family and with the best of our knowledge, expertise, and commitment that your cause deserves.
the law offices of soheila azizi and associates is a civil litigation firm with many areas of civil, criminal, family, and probate practice with emphasis on medical/dental/hospital and other professional malpractice, nursing home abuse and neglect, financial elder abuse, business, contracts, real estate and employment disputes, family law, adoption, conservatorship, guardianship, bankruptcy, and probate court litigation, as well as many other areas of the law as may be applicable to your case.
















civil litigation 














wrongful death 














serious injury 














hospital/medical negligence 














dental malpractice 














mediation & adr 














online dispute resolution 














domestic violence 














family law 














bankruptcy 














wills & trust 














estate planning 














elder abuse 







9.6soheila s. azizi
















community involvement/ organization
























women on the move network is a non-profit public benefit corporation whose mission is to promote the empowerment of girls and young women through a series of planned experiential education programs so that they may become strong and healthy contributors to our community.all of our programs are designed to help the participants gain the understanding, strategies and tools to make good decisions, choose healthy activities and relationships, explore new ideas, strengthen positive friendships, and develop leadership skills, while having fun in a safe and welcoming environment. 




						women on the move network		


















people for peace & prosperity redefines concepts of power, trust and relationships in bringing about prosperity to every member of our human family. this paradigm shift is necessary to empower individuals, communities, and institutions to reassess the failed standards of the old-world order, and to replace them with new ones. this is an asset based approach where the oneness of humanity and recognition of the innate nobility of individuals will bring about new relationships built upon trust and mutual respect, for a thriving, peaceful, and prospering community. 




						people for peace & prosperity		


























the panelists of california arbitration & mediation services have developed a wide reputation for having the talent & skills needed to help parties navigate the many difficult facets of legal conflict. those panelists work collaboratively amongst each other to refine their efforts in order to stay focused on the cutting edge of dispute resolution techniques. the result is that the clients of california arbitration & mediation services can expect and will receive an elevated level of service. 




						cams mediation		











 























your law firm for life.







the law offices of soheila azizi & associates, p.c.


	    10213 foothill blvd.
	    rancho cucamonga, ca 91730
        


mon–thu: 8:30 am – 5:00 pm
fri:: 8:30am – 4:00pm
        


we are available 24/7 to assist you virtually.



	            (909) 484-9992
            


 (909) 484-0120



	            azizilaw@azizilaw.com
            



https://www.azizilaw.com


































































home
firm overview
practice areas
media
contact
se habla español















are you ready to find out how we can help you?










"*" indicates required fields

name*phoneemail*

brief message*captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  

































© 2025  the law office of soheila azizi & associates, p.c.
 all rights reserved.  privacy policy.






attorney advertising. this web site is designed for general information only. the information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship. the hiring of an attorney is an important decision. the information you obtain in this website is not, nor is it intended to be legal advice. you should contact an attorney for individual advice regarding your situation.









 
 







                                customer reviews            




the law office of soheila azizi & associates, p.c.
customer reviews





                        diana h.                        05/01/2021




yelp
seven stars. i had planned to put up my reviews after my final judgment but after the first hearing, couldn't wait, and i would write this whatever the outcome of my difficult case. soheila was simply amazing in her arguments and strategy before the judge. i felt so taken care of. i chose her for her near-30 years of experience as an attorney, the depth and strength i observed in one who had weathered hardship through her many accomplishments, her compassion, and her smarts. i can't imagine what other attorney would have zoomed with me even in sickness to help prepare me for a legal session. and i later saw how keen she'd been in her advice. i've been deeply touched watching soheila and her paralegal lynda walker fight for my child as if he were their own. they in particular have treated me with great humanity - day and night from what i experienced at my former attorney's. lynda is a gem, on her toes, flexible, hard-working, committed to each client, humble, and sweet. she has slaved over my case, doing much of the writing, watchful of me on paper and in person, guiding me gently while encouraging me to use my voice. the staff, including the office administrator lorenzo and linda c, is caring, respectful, and conscientious. a band of angels.



                        linda p                        6/19/2020




yelp
this law firm is the best! they have helped me so much with my divorce and criminal cases and i really wouldn't know what to do if i didn't have them to represent me. lorenzo and ro are awesome and are there to help at all times. my attorney was mr.edmondson and he has been amazing. this law firm is truly great and i will never go to any other one. their responses are quick and will answer any questions you might have.



                        adrianne fernandez                        3/11/2021




google
beyond impressed! i had been self represented through years of family law and child support court hearings and was so hesitant to hire an attorney out of fear and trusting that they would appropriately represent myself and child. after tons of research i contacted ms. azizi. i immediately was greeted by lorenzo, the office administrator, who made me feel so welcomed and comfortable. he assisted in making communication seamless and effortless and walked me through each step of the process. ms. azizi heard my concerns and was extremely sensitive to the matter of family. the team did an amazing job with discovery and building a strong case that gave me confidence and i was successful in coming to an agreement with the other party, in what has yet to have been the easiest hearing of all, thanks to them. ms. azizi settled my case after years of stress and agony. i am grateful for finding the team and ms. azizi and definitely recommend them for any of your legal needs!



 









                                5                            

                                excellent                            











































