









tony cecchine's american catch wrestling























































 











 















 






 



















home
about

-history
-tony


products

-digital downloads
-digital download packages
-online membership
-personal training, distance learning, and certification


training

-level 1 certification
-personal training
-the tri-c-program
-training intensives
-online membership
–book a seminar
*upcoming workshops


media

-audio
-video
-photos


podcasts
online membership
 





join our newsletter 


























 brutal, technical, effective, elite!
home of tony cecchine's american catch wrestlingtrainer of local, state, regional, national, international, and world champions in mma, grappling, fitness, and more!training intensives 










  


 you may be here because you’ve heard first-hand stories of the efficiency and ruthlessness of tony cecchine’s american catch wrestling. you may have seen my multi-page feature in black belt magazine, or read that black belt magazine honored me as one of the 20 toughest fighters on planet earth. you may have seen my state-of-the-art strength and conditioning ideas written about in american health and fitness magazine. you may have read a review of my seminal submission grappling series, the lost art of hooking, or the groundbreaking snap, no tap series, or you may be one of the countless fighters and grapplers who has turned to me to learn a complete and fully integrated fighting system — one that, when properly mastered, will not only turn you into a dominant all-around fighter, but will in fact transform you into the kind of person who feels confident and at ease in just about any surroundings.

regardless of your reason for visiting, you’ve come to the right place. and here’s why: tony cecchine’s american catch wrestling — while adaptable to sport competition — is first and foremost reality based. true, i’ve trained men and women who have fought and won in such events as ufc, pancrase, naga, world combat wrestling championships, ifc, and the like. but more importantly, my teachings have helped change (and in some cases even save) lives. because in the world outside the ring or cage, there is no tapping out — and people who train with the availability of a ready concession in mind will be unprepared for the potentially more brutal reality of the streets.
learn about my american catch wrestling system in its entirety — from its emphasis on controlling when, where, and how a confrontation takes place to its seamless integration of striking, wrestling, ripping, and submission grappling – and i’m sure you’ll agree that my complete approach to fighting offers an advantage over the rather segmented and artificial way many other “fight systems” piece together various disciplines in the attempt to approximate what in american catch wrestling is an organic whole. i have a whole host of products available to aid in your learning experience.
and as a reminder, if someone can counter you with a strike, bite, gouge, etc., your training must reflect that type of environment. brutal situations can many times bring out total ruthlessness by your adversary. you simply have to be prepared for that likelihood there is no reason or excuse not to.
be sure to check out the media gallery for great clips and updated training tips. also, stop by the facebook page for video blogs and breaking news, and join the american catch wrestling community.
american catch wrestling. it’s a beautiful thing!
     
lou thesz on tony cecchine
 










 
 

*sign up for our newsletter*





						join us                    


 














 upcoming workshops 2023
 
bender martial arts and fitness
5547 n ravenswood ave-unit 102
chicago, il 
https://www.bendermartialarts.com/
saturday oct. 21 , 2023
time:1:30-3:30pm
price: $75 at the door
our new online membership section
 




 join now!!in 2020 i launched the snap, no tap podcast to provide listeners insight into american catch wrestling, fighting, and self-defense while touching on a wide variety of topics in a long-form discussion. this has truly been a labor of love for my cohosts and i as no matter our personal schedules we’ve consistently delivered a show each week. for this free resource, all i have asked from listeners is for their time in exchange for us sharing the knowledge i’ve spent a lifetime acquiring including teaching catch for the past 25 years.
later that year, we began providing additional original content via short videos on youtube related to training, combat mindset and more. this effort, also completely self-funded, requires hours of production to share this knowledge.
if you have spent any time listening or viewing these videos, let me thank you personally.
and if you’ve enjoyed our material there is now an opportunity to do your part in joining us, so we can continue producing this quality content.
*level 1 – monthly supporter  ($5.00 monthly revolving payment)
show your appreciation for tony’s teaching and help keep this lineage of catch alive. your monthly donation will help support the free content on tony’s youtube channel and his podcasts. if you’ve benefited from tony’s knowledge this is the way to give back for pennies a day.
*level 2 – monthly video access  ($10 monthly revolving payment)
for just a few dollars more a month, get access to exclusive new and remastered videos available only on tony’s site. share in lessons tony gives his local students….
would you be willing to join one or both levels so we can continue to share this knowledge while advancing american catch from its bygone era into the 21st century?
we simply can’t do it without you. your contribution will make a real, lasting impact in the legacy of catch wrestling and we look forward to your support.
our products and services
 




 the complete catch wrestlerthis is our complete products package. you will receive each and every mp4 and mp3 we offer. that's a whopping 42 mp4's and 3 audio mp3's.  




 snap, no tap street fight seriesthe most intense, street oriented catch wrestling video series ever produced. learn incredible techniques and strategies in this groundbreaking release. available on 12  mp4's. hours upon hours of material. 




 the lost art of hooking seriesthis is the legendary catch wrestling series that all others are compared against. it started the catch wrestling revival and revolution and it's still going strong. available in  digital download format. 




 the lecture seriesthis newest release series is dedicated to street fighting principles as well as physical and mental training aspects that most people in the sport world simply overlook. 5 mp4s and 3 mp3s to open your mind to a different aspect of training and survival. learn more today! 




 




  










 personal trainingno matter where you're located, there is a program for you. learn from the finest instruction possible. be it sport, real world self defense, or any combination you may need. i've trained champions in fighting and strength/fitness from all over the globe. you can be one too! local/distant students welcome for fighting and/or fitness training. 




 the tri-c programlearn one of the most devastating fighting styles in the world and become fully endorsed and certified to boot! no matter where you live...no matter what your experience level is...no matter if you're young or old. this is a tremendous offer to become certified to teach the world famous tony cecchine catch wrestling method.
 




 3/5 day trainingthese programs are geared for the serious student who wants to learn devastating material here in chicago, and be put through an intense training regimen designed to quickly get you equipped to deal with the matters at hand. to call these programs intense would be an understatement.  




  




 


strength and fitness dvds 




 


fighting dvds 




 


digital downloads 




 


dvd/digital packages 




 get true, worthy training and certification-the world famous tri-c program


nothing upsets me more than when i receive emails from people who fallen for the "buy a certificate" scam. let me tell you something, it takes lots of hard work to become good. no true professional in any walk of life hands out certificates or diplomas. only con men and scam artists do that. so if you stumble across a website that says you can get a certification in a weekend or a matter of months, it's a total ripoff. i've dealt with some of these people in the past. my advice to you is to be a track star and run away from those folks as fast as you can. all they're interested in is your money and their ego.
for those of you who have a sincere desire to learn legitimate techniques and applications and are interested in what have to teach, it can be accomplished no matter what.
previous experience is not necessary. i will help you every step of the way. it doesn't even matter if you're older. whatever your background, it will all be taken into account. so you see, if you're a raw beginner or a serious, established practitioner of any style, it will never count against you...it will always count in your favor. why? because i'm not looking to create clones. i'm looking for individuals that bring their own strengths and insight to the table. we're all different and we all will fight differently. it's my job to bring you along in a manner that will establish your own unique qualities.
learn more here


 




 double troublewrestling has been around for many, many centuries. catch wrestling in its many variations can be traced back to greece and rome. it’s been the foundation of many various grappling styles through the centuries. there’s lots to be learned from this granddaddy of wrestling.

i’ve been fortunate to have learned originally from the greatest wrestler i have ever seen, stanley radwan. his level of skill and strength was extraordinary. of course later in my life i met and learned and exchanged techniques with the greatest of catch champions, mr. lou thesz. his skill and knowledge far exceeded other so called experts…and it wasn’t even close. but the beautiful thing about lou was his willingness even at an advanced age to pick up things from a younger wrestler, and willingly share his knowledge with me that has left a lasting impression. 




  




 r.i.p. seriesfrom the very first day of my training, reality fighting was all i was ever taught. there was no true submission wrestling tournaments in my day and age. the closest thing around was judo. and even today, submission grappling tournaments are very far away from being a realistic fight. i had to worry about surviving day in and day out in my neighborhood. a friendly little tap out isn't going to save me. i had to learn devastating techniques that would allow me to defend myself when my life was on the line. this video series is all about non sport legal techniques. this is all about violence and ruthlessness. eye gouges, rips, bites, pressure points, etc., are explained and demonstrated in an unabashed fashion. these moves are strictly for self defense purposes only! 




 show vs. go seriespro wrestling always had a dubious reputation. to most knowledgeable people through the years when you mention pro wrestling, their response usually is, "fake!" and they would be correct. pro wrestling has been fake since basically its inception. that doesn't mean there weren't some skilled participants. olympic gold, silver, and bronze medalists in wrestling have been among its ranks. so have national and international champions. however, that doesn't change one simple fact. the wrestling "holds" have been as phony as a 3 dollar bill. they were practiced and applied to be theatrical in nature. to play to the crowd. to put on a "show". this 3 part video series explains that what you may have been taught is useless against a skilled opponent. 




  




 online membershipin 2020 i launched the snap, no tap podcast to provide listeners insight into american catch wrestling, fighting, and self-defense while touching on a wide variety of topics in a long-form discussion. this has truly been a labor of love for my cohosts and i as no matter our personal schedules we’ve consistently delivered a show each week. for this free resource, all i have asked from listeners is for their time in exchange for us sharing the knowledge i’ve spent a lifetime acquiring including teaching catch for the past 25 years.
later that year, we began providing additional original content via short videos on youtube related to training, combat mindset and more. this effort, also completely self-funded, requires hours of production to share this knowledge.
if you have spent any time listening or viewing these videos, let me thank you personally.
and if you’ve enjoyed our material there is now an opportunity to do your part in joining us, so we can continue producing this quality content.
*level 1 – monthly supporter  ($5.00 monthly revolving payment)
show your appreciation for tony’s teaching and help keep this lineage of catch alive. your monthly donation will help support the free content on tony’s youtube channel and his podcasts. if you’ve benefited from tony’s knowledge this is the way to give back for pennies a day.
*level 2 – monthly video access  ($10 monthly revolving payment)
for just a few dollars more a month, get access to exclusive new and remastered videos available only on tony’s site. share in lessons tony gives his local students….
would you be willing to join one or both levels so we can continue to share this knowledge while advancing american catch from its bygone era into the 21st century?
we simply can’t do it without you. your contribution will make a real, lasting impact in the legacy of catch wrestling and we look forward to your support.
 




 attention all amateur and professional fighters


we have special training opportunities to help develop your striking, defense, footwork, and groundfighting skills, as well as world class conditioning.
one of the major problems facing mma fighters is the fact of "too many cooks spoils the soup." what i mean is that there are far too many coaches, each with a differing philosophy and at times, questionable knowledge base, trying to tell you what to do. that is a recipe for disaster. when you train here with me, you'll get me as your coach alone. i have the knowledge to deal with all ranges of combat as well as your conditioning. i teach a fully integrated fighting system. there is no reason to have specialty training in other arts that will only lead to tremendous gaps in the flow of your style as well as the inevitable "clashing of egos" among the coaching staff. 
this is your career. don't leave it in the hands of youtube trained coaches and internet warriors. i've seen it far too many times.
i have trained local, regional, national, international, and world champions. be it naga or the ufc or anything in between, i've trained men and women for the competitive mat, ring, and cage. see why such luminaries as eric paulsen, josh barnett, jason godsey, shonie carter, and many others recommend training with me, and be assured that you will learn a complete and devastating fighting style from top to bottom, and feet to the ground.
learn more here


 




 




  




 taking it to the feetwatch as bruce h. lee from the lost art of hooking and i teach you different ways to keep the fight on your feet. one of the keys to being a great and complete fighter is to control the landscape. learn how to dominate and control the situation. this is very crucial information as it covers elements of boxing and wrestling in synergistic way. 




 foundations of the jabi don't care what it is you're doing, you better know the basics. the basics are the most crucial element to building a superior fighting machine. there is simply no other way around that fact. and what separates me from most others, is my boxing and striking knowledge. learning the jab is ever so important. it's critical. 




 foundations of footworkhave you ever noticed how some elite athletes look so graceful when they perform? they seem to move effortlessly. sure, some of them are born with great prowess, but the real truth is they fully understand the fundamentals of what it is they're trying to do. learn how to move as a world class fighter should.  




 wristlock seminarthe most effective armbar series on the planet.   the new generation calls it a kimura. the old timers called it by a simple word: wristlock. simple word, yes, but do not let its simplicity fool you. because underneath that facade is the most effective submission...check that, hook, that can be done to someone's arm.  




  




 the cacc seminar 2003i find it amusing how some people still cling to outdated and inferior ways of thinking. i can remember when i was young how my grandparents where reluctant to get a color tv, as black and white was all they knew. and forget about getting air conditioning. that never happened. even now i see people who still hold on tight to their beliefs, even when shown something better or more efficient. 




 catch and kick boxingi've been a student of the fight game since i was a young boy. i've trained and been exposed to a myriad of different styles. some were good, some were bad. and i've met tons of fighters and martial artists through the years. some were good, some were bad. but i'm here to tell you when it comes to kickboxing, terry dow is good. he's real, real good, but more about him later.

 




 taking it lightlywhen you're involved with something for many years, you're bound to gain a ton of knowledge and insight. that's only common sense. now when you start hanging around and associating with other folks who have a lot of experience and you start sharing, well you can only imagine what stuff will come out. think about two vastly experienced athletes. one is a collegiate wrestler. the other a boxer and catch wrestler. imagine them just relaxing after a workout and deciding to just "talk shop."  




  




 develop awesome strength and cardiovascular fitness
 




  




 worth the weightby now many of you realize that bodyweight exercises can only take you only so far as strength gains goes. they're fine for endurance, but laughable when it comes to creating real world strength. i should know about strength. i hold the world record in a bodyweight exercise for a heavyweight, doing 122 pushups in 60 seconds. i also hold the unofficial world record in the strict curl by curling 250 lbs (and did 270 lbs. with slight movement) at a bodyweight of 220 lbs. this have never even been approached by anyone of my weight. let me show you how i have developed a world-class pair of arms that know strength as well as anyone else in the world. 




 the routinethe last thing you want on the mat, let alone on the street, is that sinking feeling that you've just ran out of juice. nothing can be more frightening, and nothing can make you feel more utterly helpless. as someone who has spent over 40 years on the mat studying the art of catch-as-catch-can wrestling, i've seen it happen a thousand times. having grown up in the toughest neighborhood of cleveland and later working in some of the meanest and dirtiest bars this side of hell, i can also tell you from experience that fatigue doesn't just make cowards of them all: it can make cripples of the lucky and cadavers of the rest! learn real bodyweight exercises to propel you. 




 the circuit breakerbeyond the lucky 13....that's all that needs to be said! the lucky 13 is considered one of the finest and most grueling workout dvd available anywhere in the world. the circuit breaker takes it a step further. this is circuit training at an intense level. and it picks up where the lucky 13 left off. featuring tri-c student and world record holder, paul dodds from the uk, who has been my student for over a decade, and he is very intense. this is 55 minutes of pure hell. attempt to follow along in your training at the pace he sets to bring out the best in yourself. gradually increase your output and intensity and know that you're tapping into that special place!  




  




 the lucky 13i'd like to ask you a few questions before we go any further.

have you ever been beaten in the gym or competition by someone you absolutely knew you were better than?
did you feel you had the strength to handle him but for some reason you just couldn't seem to "pull the trigger"?
were you sweating profusely and gasping for air making excuses why you ran out of gas?
the reason i am asking you those three questions is because in my over 20 years as a coach, i have seen and been told those scenarios more times than i can count. and the sad thing is, i shouldn't have to hear those tales at all because there is a simple solution. but before i tell you just what you can do, allow me to give you this this: the lucky 13 




  




 some of the promotions where my students have competed and won
 




  




 


a small sampling of some of the organizations i have trained fighters for.  



 








  




 



the world's 
finest catch wrestling 
training...period!
 




  





 

your shopping cart shopping cart is empty
contact us
tony cecchine's american catch wrestling
email us here
privacy
links 


products
training
tri-c program
media
 





get social

© 2024 catchwrestle.com all rights reserved 








top



































