 


great witley parish church | britain's finest baroque church





































































							great witley parish church
						



toggle navigation








home
about 

about the church
history of the church
main features of the church


visit 

the church opening times.
how to find us and accessibility
group visits


news
calendar 

services
benefice calendar


church life 

worship, pastoral & mission
contacts & benefice bookings


gallery
support us 

volunteering
sponsors & donations


concert, recitals, and events
360 degree view of interior
safeguarding
crowdfunding appeal
 
















britain's finest baroque church 
a spectacular historic building which hosts regular anglican services as well as concerts and other events. 












opening times
 

            	closed for winter							

							4 nov 2024 - 28 feb 2025							

 








next event
morning worship at great witley church
sun 2 mar, 9:30am









how to find us
directions, parking, amenities & accessibility















the church is now closed to visitors until 1st march 2025.
 

 

1st - 30th march open weekends only. 31st onwards open daily. opening hours are 12 - 3pm

 

 
for services please see great witley parish church | services 
we hope that you will find the following pages interesting and informative and if you have not already visited us you have a treat in store. this church is not a museum but an active live church to the glory of god.

the interior of the church is spectacular and attracts visitors from all over the world, but our primary purpose remains the ministry of the word, not only in our parish but also in the wider community and for all who have not yet received the good news of jesus christ. all are welcome but you may find when you visit that there is a service in progress and we ask that you respect the worshipers and do not enter the church unless you are joining in the service.

 									





news

road closure 17th – 21st february
7th february 2025
there will be no access to the church 17th – 21st february due to road repairs taking place. we are…



update on drive appeal, as at 1st feb we have nearly reached our target, just £6,665 to go!
11th december 2024
please help us if you can so we will have a safe access in place this spring.



update on drive project
23rd november 2024
we are delighted that malvern hills district council have pledged £43,500 towards the improvement of the access to the church…


 view news archive

events


sun 2 mar
morning worship at great witley church
9:30am

 view calendar












church life
service information, as well as contact details for booking weddings, funerals and baptisms.




 visit the garden tea rooms nearby










support & volunteering
we maintain this beautiful building by the efforts of local volunteers and generous donations.












history of the church
details of the history, architecture and conservation of great witley church.
























st michael and all angels,
						great witley, worcester, wr6 6jt
email office@4rivers.churchphone 01299 575 055




support us
there are many ways you can support or donate to our church, find out more





















