 cryogenic equipment manufacturer | technifab products           
 
skip to contentsales@technifab.com(812) 442-0520we know cryo®
search for:


toggle navigationhomeproductsservicesdesign and engineeringmanufacturinginstallationcontact usresource librarycareersblogcryogenic equipment manufacturertechnifab products is a leading cryogenic equipment manufacturer specializing in designing, manufacturing, and installing cryogenic equipment. we develop complete cryogenic solutions and vacuum jacketed piping for any industry because we know cryo®vacuum jacketed pipingcryogenic transfer hosesphase separatorsautomatic fill stationsvacuum jacketed & non-vacuum jacketed valvesoem & private label fabricationreceive a quotewe specialize in:liquid nitrogen | liquid oxygen | liquid hydrogen | liquid argon| liquid carbon dioxide | liquid helium | other cryogenic fluidsapplicationsvarious industries use technifab’s products, from aerospace and defense to semiconductor and electronics to healthcare and food. let us create a solution for you!learn moreour servicesour experience and expertise are ideal for cryogenic system design, product manufacturing, installation services, and repair.view servicesproduct portaltechnifab is built on quality. our products are asme-certified and perform better than all competitors in terms of transfer efficiency.productswe offercomplete cryogenic solutionsthat means we handle the entire process for you!with over 30 years of experience in cryogenic equipment manufacturing and vacuum technology, technifab products is the best way to ensure your requirements are met from initial start-up to completion. we provide design services, system evaluation, manufacturing, and installation. our manufacturing techniques and disciplined culture aim to produce and deliver the highest quality components and systems that meet the standards of complex organizations, including asme and the canadian registration number (crn) system.technifab products’ knowledge, experience, commitment to quality, and reputation are part of everything we deliver. let us develop a solution for you!view productswe’ve got your industry coveredour cryogenic equipment is trusted and relied on daily in the aerospace, healthcare, and electronics industries. technifab products’ cryogenic equipment, such as our phase separators, vacuum jacketed piping, cryogenic transfer equipment, and filling stations, are used in millions of applications annually. we also design and manufacture custom cryogenic equipment for specialized oem applications, from high technology applications like celestial sensors and spectrum analyzers to specialty automotive and ice cream manufacturing.have a question? ask our experts.ask an expertwhy technifab productsis a step above the restwe aim to attract and retain customers by providing quality products at competitive prices and delivering better customer service. our integrity, professionalism, and cryogenic expertise will help meet your needs and solve your problems.we specialize in equipment that transfers ln2, lh2, lox, lar, liquid co2, lhe, and other cryogenic fluids.our ten-year limited warranty backs our techniguard™ rigid vacuum jacketed pipes.we offer complete installation services out of multiple locations.technifab’s phase separators deliver high-quality, low-temperature, saturated liquid nitrogen at an adjustable, consistent pressure.technifab products cnc manufacturing division ensures strict quality standards, jit delivery requirements, and tight cost controls.we manufacture asme and crn certified cryogenic equipment.technifab’s helium transfer hoses outperformed the competition in independent tests.we have a comprehensive resource library for cryogenics and cryogenic liquid transfer information, including evaporation rate for dewars, vacuum jacketed piping, and cryogenic liquid flow.technifabquick-ship programare you looking for reliable and high-quality cryogenic equipment shipped quickly? take advantage of technifab’s quick-ship program to quickly get the equipment you need. with our wide range of modular components, you can easily design and assemble your entire vacuum-jacketed piping system, allowing you to start your operations without any delays.with our extensive stock of modular piping, you have the flexibility to customize your system to meet your specific needs. you can choose from a variety of sizes and lengths, including elbows, t’s, and valves. additionally, you have the option to combine flex and rigid piping to ensure that your customized system perfectly meets your requirements. with our quick-ship program, you can be confident that your equipment will be shipped quickly with minimal lead time, enabling you to get your operations up and running even faster.contact us today to learn how our quick-ship program can quickly get your operations up and running!contact usfrequently asked questionswhat is cryogenics?cryogenics is the scientific study and application of materials and processes at extremely low temperatures. it involves the production and behavior of materials at temperatures below -238°f (150°c), at which point gases like nitrogen and oxygen can be liquefied. cryogenics has various applications in the fields of medicine, energy, and space exploration, among others. some common examples of cryogenic technologies include storing biological samples, producing superconductors, and using liquid hydrogen and oxygen as rocket fuels. the most common cryogens are liquid nitrogen (ln2), liquid oxygen (lox), liquid hydrogen (lh2), liquid argon (lar), liquid carbon dioxide (co2), and liquid helium (lh2).what is vacuum technology?technifab uses vacuum technology to produce vacuum insulation, a highly efficient process used to control and limit the heat transfer of cryogenic fluids. our vacuum jacketed pipe and transfer hoses are meticulously designed, with an inner vessel for cryogen transport and an outer vessel. we achieve vacuum insulation by removing or ‘pumping’ molecules from the space between the inner and outer vessels. as the number of molecules decreases, so does the possibility of heat conduction, resulting in a more efficient and consistent cryogen transfer. this process ensures the reliability and performance of our products, giving you peace of mind in your operations.can your products be used in high-temperature environments?yes, our products can be designed for high-temperature environments. our team of expert technicians and engineers can develop custom equipment that is tailored to your specific requirements, hot or cold. we work closely with you to carefully assess your needs, analyze the application, and determine what materials must be used. please don’t hesitate to contact us if you’d like to learn more about how we can develop high-temperature equipment for you.can your lines be customized to fit tight constraints or used in original equipment?yes, technifab specializes in creating cryogenic equipment tailored to meet our customers’ specific needs. our team of experts works closely with you to understand your unique requirements, operations, and budget and develop a cryogenic solution that works for you. we offer private-label fabrication and original equipment manufacturing to fit in your established equipment, as well as customized solutions for small spaces. with technifab, you can rest assured that all your cryogenic needs will be met with the utmost professionalism and expertise.is rigid or bendable pipe better for my operations?the choice between rigid vacuum jacketed piping (techniguard r-series) and bendable vacuum jacketed piping (b-series) depends on the specific requirements of your operation. rigid vacuum jacketed piping systems (r-series) have the highest thermal efficiency, longest life cycle, and best flow performance. bendable vacuum jacketed piping systems (b-series) are easier to re-route should your operating conditions change due to their increased flexibility. b-series systems are also slightly less expensive in terms of capital outlay and have lower shipping costs. ultimately, the decision between rigid and bendable vacuum jacketed pipe will depend on your operations’ unique needs and your application’s specific demands.812.442.0520sales@technifab.comfax: (812) 442-0891contact usproduct portalcareersabout usdon’t miss out on the latest news and updates from technifab! sign up for our monthly newsletter.technifab footer - newsletter






email
*

submit


if you are human, leave this field blank.				

δ© copyright 1992 – 2024 | all rights reserved | technifab products, inc | 10339 n industrial park dr, brazil in 47834privacy policy | terms & conditions
page load link
 
 




