





















pembroke pines, fl - official website | official website









  















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in
















    city government      city departments      business opportunities      resident resources      how do i…?  



 

 

 

 

 






 










     





 
 













search







 
 
 

 












 














agendas & minutescity commission, code compliance & other boards








watch commission meetingwhen live streaming 










 
 














pines web servicesbuilding permits/inspections, passports, lien searches, utilities, fire inspections








careersavailable career descriptions/application










 
 














utilitiescustomer service, billing/payment, water quality reports








city alertsemergency situations or critical community alerts










 
 
 

























 














quick access


find what you are looking for
 






  
 













parks & recreation



arts & culture



gis







police



fire



public services







community services



public records requests



emergency management









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














news & upcoming events


stay up to date with pembroke pines
 






  
 
 













public forums/go bond 

public forums are being held throughout the city.				read on...







household hazardous waste disposal 

the city of pembroke pines, in partnership with clean harbors environmental services, provides household hazardous waste drop off events for residents on a quarterly basis.  the next event, located at...				read on...







taste of pines tickets - sold out 

tickets are now sold out for the 15th  annual taste of pines, being held on thursday, february 20 from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm at the charles f. dodge city center, located at 601 city center way. over 60 v...				read on...






view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 





 events
 meetings




 events











feb
20	


taste of pines
			save the date for the city of pembroke pines' 15th annual taste of pines event on thursday, february 20, 2025, from 6:30 pm-9:30 pm. enjoy a "taste" of the best food, drinks and desserts and vote for your favorites! 

		
taste of pinesread on...






feb
21	


teen art club: embroidered embers
			students will create  a flame-inspired composition that'd "fire" out of repurposed materials.		
teen art club: embroidered embersread on...



culture works: fiber art
			learn the history of sisal, the methods of production, and its place in mayan culture from textile artist isabel infante in this hands-on educational lecture and workshop.		
culture works: fiber artread on...






feb
22	


studio saturday: painting
			learn the same layering and masking techniques used in the art of christian feneck as you complete your own painting using acrylic paint, masking tape, and wood panels.  		
studio saturday: paintingread on...



wrapped - ebb & flow
			join us for the closing celebration of ebb and flow, featuring a panel discussion with rhonda mitrani, patricia schnall-gutierrez, and marina font from rpm projects. 		
wrapped - ebb & flowread on...




view all events




/calendar.aspx





 meetings











feb
19	


regular commission meeting

regular commission meetingread on...






feb
25	


education advisory board regular meeting

education advisory board regular meetingread on...






feb
26	


youth advisory board regular meeting

youth advisory board regular meetingread on...




view all events




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 



 



 














connect with us


stay connected with pembroke pines
 






  
 













stay connected with all things pembroke pines, florida and subscribe to pembroke pines media on youtube!
 




how to: read city connect online
 




the city of pembroke pines is proud to be a "veteran friendly city"
 






  
 
 




 














special eventssporting events, entertainment,and upcoming festivals.view all special events








pembroke pines preparedstay up to date and get notifiedwhen things are happening.get prepared








charles f. dodge city centerknow what is coming to pembroke pines,view upcoming events and book your tickets now.view the center










 
 
 











 







contact us







601 city center waypembroke pines, fl 33025phone: 954-450-1060
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







pines media



shop local



demographics



location



chamber of commerce









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



contact us



webmail



site map



ethics hotline









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 















 






  
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















  










 
  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









