




 


slovenian genealogy society international - home











 





log in





















 











home




membership



about-sgsi




linden tree




sgsi macek research center




join sgsi




renew your membership or reset password




member website system requirements




donate to sgsi




sgsi upcoming events and news




follow sgsi's group on facebook







sgsi surname index databases




tree building tools



slovenia online genealogy resources




usa online research resources




grave, cemetery, death & obituary records







sgsi website site map and search












mission statement
the purpose of the slovenian genealogy society international, inc. is to enrich the lives of individuals with slovenian ancestry by helping them forge a link to their past.

sgsi is a self-help community whose common goal is to help members make use of available information to perform their own genealogy research.





























 
we do this by. . . providing a forum to help individuals discover, research, and exchange genealogy information.preserving slovenian genealogy records, publications, and oral histories in our dedicated cleveland, ohio office—the macek research center. building a community where personal stories and experiences specific to the culture of slovenia can be shared.

sgsi announces . . . sgsi genealogy exploration trip 2025 september 16 to september 27, 2025click here for details on the 2025 sgsi trip








displaced persons post world war ii indexing project
after world war ii, many slovenes immigrated to the united states as displaced persons.  many fled slovenia after the war and were in residence in temporary displaced persons camps throughout europe under the direction of the newly formed united nations.  from these displaced persons camps, slovenes sought asylum in various countries including the united states, brazil, argentina and australia.
the united states 1948 displaced persons act and the refugee relief act of 1953 allowed a limited number of displaced persons to enter the united states meeting specific requirements.  those seeking asylum and residence in the united states were assisted by agencies such as ncwc, usep and catholic settlement council in assembling the required paperwork, providing travel assistance, and finding a sponsor.     
st. vitus displaced persons cards database of displaced persons and their sponsors
in 2023, a collection of 2,222 index cards were found at st. vitus catholic church in cleveland, ohio that contains information of displaced persons seeking entry to the united states and information of the sponsors of these displaced persons.  this project is organized by thomas kastelic and denise modic urban.
click here to volunteer to index!




 








 









become a member
members have access to our proprietary surname indices and graves databases as well as a range of newspapers and other publications that focus on the slovenian community.  a new search option allows all surname databases to be searched in one step (meta surname search engine). click here to see the benefits of joining sgsi
membership also includes a subscription to our quarterly newsletter, the linden tree.

join

renew

donate
 
© 2018 slovenian genealogy society international. all rights reserved.  
slovenian genealogy society international, inc. is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. 6415 st. clair avenue cleveland, oh 44103

















powered by wild apricot membership software







