


home - massachusetts pharmacists association



























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitteradd me to mailing listmember loginmenuhomeabout about board of directors get involved! awards student resources pharmacist resources contact usmembership membership  join mpha mipa store director surveysevents event calendar annual spring conference advocacy advocacy toolkit grassroots action center operation prevention massachusetts resourcestechnicians technician resourcescorporate sponsorship corporate sponsorship2024 awards program awards annual spring conference 










welcome to the massachusetts pharmacists association
 we understand you take care of your patients, let us take care of you! mpha is your voice, but we need your support. membership options include both annual and monthly memberships, as well as family discounts. help mpha continue to advance the profession in massachusetts. we are the professional association for pharmacists and technicians in massachusetts
join mpha 





mpha annual spring conference will be out of the ball park this year!michelle chan from the board of pharmacy will be presenting and maria lowe will be back for the pipeline presentation!stay tuned for more details

mpha annual spring conference:  thursday april17th, 2025
sheraton four points- norwood
 details coming soon!  countdown widgetcountdowncountdown widgetbuy tickets here:  pharmacist appreciation | boston red sox

nominate here: 
red sox pharmacy professional nominationapply hereawards program: nominations are now open nominate a colleague today bowl of hygeiadistinguished young pharmacistpharmacy technician of the yearmpha pharmacy industry awardnathan goldberg award deadline: april 15, 2025 awards ceremony in june- details coming soon. award descriptions and nominations herewant to get involved with mpha? we are looking for amazing pharmacy professionals to join our e-board treasurerboard of directortechnician board of director deadline for e-board nominations is march 1, 2025 not ready for for an e-board position? we are looking for help with committees membershipprogrammingsponsorshipsocial medialegislative get involved herejoin us in celebrating the 2024 award recipients
 
bowl of hygeia: kathy gura, pharmd
 
mpha industry award: chuck berds, phrmd
 
distinguished young pharmacist: frankie cannata, pharmd
 
excellence in innovation: bhuren patel, rph
 
nathan goldberg: oleg urim, mba, rph
 
technician of the year: gail gopaul, cpht

president's award:  ramzi s. dinno, rph

mpha executive committee evergreen award: trisha lapointe, pharmd

*** breaking news ***

pharmacists are now authorized to prescribe and dispense hormonal contraceptive patches and self-administered oral hormonal contraceptives without the requirement of evidence of a previous prescription, effective immediately. earlier this month, the public health council approved an emergency amendment to 105 cmr 700.000 — implementation of m.g.l. c. 94c to create a more accessible and expedited process for persons to obtain hormonal contraceptives. the proposed amendment was drafted in consultation with the board of registration in medicine, board of registration in pharmacy, and masshealth, and in consideration of american college of obstetricians and gynecologists guidelines. the regulation implements mgl chapter 94c section 194, as passed in the fiscal year 2024 state budget.


the amendment allows registered pharmacists to prescribe and dispense hormonal contraceptive patches and self-administered oral hormonal contraceptives without a massachusetts controlled substance registration. prior to prescribing these contraceptives, a registered pharmacists must complete an approved training program for prescribing hormonal contraceptives, and provide the patient with a self-screening risk assessment tool prior. upon prescribing and dispensing the contraceptive, the pharmacist must refer or advise the patient to their primary care provider or reproductive healthcare practitioner, if applicable; provide the patient with a written record of the prescribed/dispensed contraceptive; and dispense the contraceptive as soon as practicable after issuing the prescription. additionally, pharmacists cannot require appointments for patients who wish to obtain these medications. please see the full regulation for more details on pharmacist requirements

pharmacist resources

did you know that mpha was delighted to join a number of other health care organizations from throughout the state advocating for an amendment to senate bill 2499 being debated today that would ensure that all payments made by or on behalf of a patient count towards the patient’s deductible and out-of-pocket maximum.  doing so will lower costs for patients and increase adherence to treatment.






sbox #
image url
endpoint url


box 1
//s3.amazonaws.com/clubexpressclubfiles/131603/graphics/news__368017853.png





box 2
//s3.amazonaws.com/clubexpressclubfiles/131603/graphics/careers_257661405.png


http://careers.masspharmacists.org/




box 3
//s3.amazonaws.com/clubexpressclubfiles/131603/graphics/events_1423508730.png

/content.aspx?page_id=4001&club_id=131603


























careers
click here to see more information on career opportunities









events
click here to see all upcoming events












in between positions? looking for your next position? let mpha and our community of pharmacy professionals help you find your next position through our events and networking opportunities. view current jobs and post your resume to our job board! upcoming eventsupcoming eventsslideshowsponsor slideshowtwitter feedtweets by @mass_pharma








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









