





















depression - understand it, treat it, beat it
























 


skip to main content




















menu









home
depression learning path
recovery program
anti-depressant withdrawal
testimonials
helpusing this site
faq
about
contact

 



 




		take your first steps towards understanding and beating depression.
do you:
		• have symptoms of clinical depression?
		• live with or know a depressed person?
		• treat people with clinical depression?• then this program could help you...
take me to the natural depression treatment program »




depression understand it, treat it, beat it





















	a new discovery reveals so much about depression, how it works and what you can do to defeat it

	discover why depression messes with your sleep, energy and emotions - and the single thing you can do to start feeling better quickly

watch our 90-second depression explainer video above or click the button below to go to our natural depression treatment program.
learn more about our step by step guide to overcoming depression »






 







mark tyrrell
		creative director uncommon knowledge
		mark tyrrell hgdip, diphypnlp(bhr) has been working as a therapy and counselling trainer for over 20 years.


	dear reader,
you'll find a wealth of information about depression on this site...
but, if you want immediate help, and are looking for a way to start feeling better right now, please try our natural depression treatment program.
this program has helped so many people, and i believe it can help anyone who feels ready to become depression-free.
yours truly,

mark tyrell
	creative director
	uncommon knowledge



feeling suicidal?


get help now »




 

 

 

 


hop over to our other self-help websites 










 
 




home
about
using this site
contact
quiz






uncommon knowledge ltd, boswell house, argyll square, oban, uk pa34 4bd. registered company 03573107 email: contact us here. read our privacy policy.
copyright © 2025 uncommon knowledge ltd, all rights reserved









 




 




