


	garden communities | apartment rentals in nj, ny, ct and beyond 

































 





































rent an apartment today






all prices




							minimum
						

							maximum
						






							$500


							$15,000









all beds/baths




beds

 all beds  studio  1 bed  2 beds  3+ beds



baths

 all baths  1+ bath  2+ baths  3+ baths







search








 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










new construction
special offers
featured communities
lifestyles









coming soon




get a sneak peak of our upcoming construction.









new communities




check out the newest of our properties.









legacy place
east brunswick, nj














new construction!  legacy place is an amenity-rich, pedestrian-friendly rental community in desirable east brunswick, new jersey, situated amid picturesque parks, gardens and pathways. 








the metropolitan
springfield, nj
























the jefferson
hackensack, nj














luxury apartments in hackensack, nj








the residences at main
trumbull, ct






















the enclave at dewy meadows
basking ridge, nj














located in the prestigious somerset county township of basking ridge is the enclave at dewy meadows, an exclusive rental community of just 96 flat and townhome-style residences.








the frederick
highland park, nj













the frederick. one and two bedroom apartments are perfectly placed for ease of access to rutgers university, rwj university hospital, downtown highland park and new brunswick, johnson & johnson headquarters, johnson park, bike trails and walking distance to the new brunswick train station.








147 columbia
florham park, nj












147 columbia ushers in a new way to live in the heart of florham park. featuring traditional federal-style architecture, the one- and two-bedroom apartment residences stand out for their spacious, light-filled interiors and thoughtful contemporary design. 








highgate at livingston
livingston, nj














new construction! discover luxury living at highgate at livingston, a premier rental community offering 169 brand new, exquisite residences in the heart of livingston, new jersey. indulge in the elegance and comfort of our thoughtfully designed apartments, featuring building elevators, soaring 9 or 10-foot ceilings, and select homes with private balconies and patios. 








pondview estates
wharton, nj














pondview estates brings the ultimate in luxury rental living to one of morris county’s most attractive townships.








parkside at westfield
westfield, nj






















orchid park
scotch plains, nj



























fair lawn commons
fair lawn, nj












fair lawn commons is the new prestigious address setting the standard for upscale apartment living. newly renovated apartments are available that feature renovated apartments and much more!








the jefferson
hackensack, nj














luxury apartments in hackensack, nj








the metropolitan
springfield, nj
























the residences at raritan town square
flemington, nj













nestled amongst rolling hills and spacious country farms, the residences at raritan town square offers a peaceful retreat from the hustle and bustle of daily life.








highgate at livingston
livingston, nj














new construction! discover luxury living at highgate at livingston, a premier rental community offering 169 brand new, exquisite residences in the heart of livingston, new jersey. indulge in the elegance and comfort of our thoughtfully designed apartments, featuring building elevators, soaring 9 or 10-foot ceilings, and select homes with private balconies and patios. 








millbrook horizon
edison, nj




















pondview estates
wharton, nj














pondview estates brings the ultimate in luxury rental living to one of morris county’s most attractive townships.








the frederick
highland park, nj













the frederick. one and two bedroom apartments are perfectly placed for ease of access to rutgers university, rwj university hospital, downtown highland park and new brunswick, johnson & johnson headquarters, johnson park, bike trails and walking distance to the new brunswick train station.








legacy place
east brunswick, nj














new construction!  legacy place is an amenity-rich, pedestrian-friendly rental community in desirable east brunswick, new jersey, situated amid picturesque parks, gardens and pathways. 








147 columbia
florham park, nj












147 columbia ushers in a new way to live in the heart of florham park. featuring traditional federal-style architecture, the one- and two-bedroom apartment residences stand out for their spacious, light-filled interiors and thoughtful contemporary design. 











ev charging stations







for residents who own an electric car, also known as electric vehicle or ev, apartments with electric car charging stations at a number of garden communities appartment communities are an exceptionally convenient and useful feature.

 








pet friendly







if you are a pet owner who is searching for a good apartment, garden communities features a wide selection of pet-friendly apartment communities.








55+ living







sophisticated living for residents 55+








individual washer/dryer







living in an apartment with an in-unit washer and dryer can be very beneficial. most importantly, it can save you an immense amount of time and energy.








smoke-free







offering smoke-free living is just one more extra perk garden communities is looking to offer our tenants.








swimming pool







feeling hot, hot, hot? cool down at any of our apartment rentals with swimming pools. relax after a long day at work under the sun and in the water.








townhome and duplex







some of our apartment homes at these communities offer spacious living space spread over 2 floors!








smart door locks







latch smart door locks are one of the best entry points into home automation. they add function and style to something every apartment has: a front door. our locks designed to work with voice assistants,








fitness center







need a place to work-out? these communities have a fitness center on-site. access is included in your rent!








luxury living







desirable locations, new construction, stunning amenities









public transit







as the labor market becomes increasingly tight, public transit’s role in linking workers to job opportunities becomes critical.






















residential and commerical portfolio 








garden communities is a leading new jersey-based real estate owner, builder and manager in the luxury multifamily niche, with over 60 years of residential and commercial experience in the marketplace. the firm’s residential and commercial portfolio spans multiple states across the u.s. and includes properties in new jersey,  new york, connecticut, maryland, and massachusetts, as well as florida, arizona, california, and minnesota.
garden homes development and garden commercial offers the stability and experience of having built thousands of properties over the past 65 years.








about us | 
media | 
in the know | 
contact us | 
resident login | 
faq | 
legal disclaimer | 
privacy policy | 
affordable housing

















copyright © 2025 garden homes management corp. all rights reserved.

garden communities offers equal housing opportunities











home

apartments for rent


by county



bergen county, nj
essex county, nj
hudson county, nj
hunterdon county, nj
mercer county, nj
middlesex county, nj
monmouth county, nj
morris county, nj
ocean county, nj
passaic county, nj
somerset county, nj
union county, nj
warren county, nj


manhattan county, ny
rockland county, ny
westchester county, ny


hartford county, ct
new haven county, ct
fairfield county, ct


middlesex county, ma


frederick county, md
harford county, md


brevard county, fl
hillsborough county, fl


dakota county, mn
hennepin county, mn


irvine, ca
los angeles, ca
san diego, ca


scotsdale, az



by state


new jersey
new york
connecticut
massachusetts
maryland
florida
minnesota
california
arizona

resident login
faqs
media
gc blog: in the know
about us
contact us









