







rita coolidge
































































































sign in
my account




















        home
      

            biography
          

            tour
          

            programs
          

            videos
          

            music
          

            news
          

            press
          

            contact
          

follow








back


              facebook
            

              instagram
            

              twitter
            











































sign in
my account



















homebiographytourprogramsvideosmusicnewspresscontact
follow

facebook
instagram
twitter




















scroll




























music legend rita coolidge returns to her musical roots on safe in the arms of time.along with coolidge, the luminous new album features the songwriting talents of graham nash, chris stapleton, stan lynch, and keb’ mo’.one of music’s most enduring voices and composers, rita coolidge released her dramatic and poignant new solo album, safe in the arms of time, on may 4th on blue élan records. the album marks the two-time grammy winner’s return to songwriting, and as she did in her acclaimed 2015 memoir, delta lady, she drew inspiration for her new material from her personal journey. coolidge, who co-wrote three of the album’s 12 wondrous cuts says,“i’ve written so many songs assuming a role like an actor, but this time i got to write from experience. this is the best record i’ve ever done. i’m extremely proud of it.”




    read more ⇨
  

















    buy now ⇨
  










































rita promoting " safe in the arms of time” wearing gabrielle carlson for tv in ireland.




















thank you to all my wonderful fans from all over the world that continue to support my music. you are simply the best!



spotify




























new album videos















the world premiere of rita’s music video of “walking on water” featuring keb mo from new album “safe in the arms of time”.
exclusive post on people.com (match 9, 2018)



watch now ⇨














 









 

 









 






biography






























″…one of the most versatile singers of the rock generation…″most music fans have a favorite song recorded by two-time grammy® award winner rita coolidge—fever, we’re all alone, one fine day, (your love has lifted me) higher & higher, the way you do the things you do—and many more memorable hits. rita's credentials are the stuff of legend with one of the most enduring solo careers in all of music. 




    read more ⇨
  


































































delta ladya memoir by rita coolidge with michael walkerthe reviews are in—order yours today!
















“an intimate and fascinating autobiographical journey into rita’s personal story of survival as well as her professional emergence as an influential force amid the iconic music and musicians the built the foundation of the 60’s – 70’s pop/rock universe in american culture.”





“many male rock stars of the sixties and seventies have released memoirs, presenting their version of the time as one of debauchery, pleasure and sexual privilege. when the era’s women tell their stories, though, a darker side emerges. coolidge tells of her musical success but also the indignities she and others suffered at the hands of some of the era’s greatest talents. also intriguing — her claim that she was denied credit for writing one of the most recognizable musical passages in rock history, the piano coda to ‘layla.’”

— larry getlen










































 






















in the news



follow rita for all of the latest news & photos follow rita































    news page
  






featured

























sandi durell’s theater pizzazz review






“the thrill of seeing a legendary singer such as rita coolidge just a few feet away from one’s seat might have brought out some people to the iridium on july 10, but the real thrill was the show itself…”
read more →


























prx fm odyssey radio interview






music legend rita coolidge is now being featured and heard in a two-part radio feature on the nationally syndicated fm odyssey show talking about her return to her musical roots on her critically acclaimed album entitled “safe in the arms of time,” on blue élan records.
read more →


























native american music award winner






thank you native american music awards for honoring “safe in the arms of time” for best pop album. thank you all who voted.
read more →


























throw back thursday






this week in 1977, rita was sitting at #3 on the billboard hot 100 with (your love has lifted me) ”higher & higher.” pictured here is rita receiving her first gold single award.
read more →


















see more videos ⇨











home album release



album release no tour with email collect



spotify award banner



video teaser new album



album tour



spotlight post with bio



book spotlight home



pattern divider



news spotlight



pattern divider video








 















































 



(512) 215-8906
cricketgrafix@gmail.com




homemusicprogramspressvideosnewsbiographycontactfacebookinstagramtwitter




©2016 rita coolidge. all rights reserved.  site design by cricketgrafix. powered by squarespace

 







