






pines & tines .....deer hunting in south carolina
















 




















pines & tines .....deer hunting in south carolina


























home | a heavenly perspective | faces from the past |  a voice in the wilderness | huntin' the cuts | whitetail anatomy | arrows and antlers | whitetail anomaly | field to freezer | hawg huntin' | box  trapping for rabbits | baggin' busytails | raising gamebirds | joke of the month |  photo gallery | photo gallery ii | favoritelinks






















































































history of the whitetail
                  in south carolina before the white man emerged on what is now south carolina, the indians had co-existed quite
                  well with the whitetail. but,as europeans arrived they found a land of oppurtunity that seemed to abound with wild-life. european
                  settlers looked upon the whitetail as a medium for trade as thousands upon thousands of hides began showing up on the docks
                  of charles town and savanhah heading for the factories of europe. 
in a country with little or no real money, deer hides became the medium of trade. still today, a dollar
                  is refered to as a "buck", a hold over from colonial days. during the 1800's,market hunting took it's toll on the whitetail
                  as the demand for meat and hides increased to feed a fast growing population along the coast of south carolina. un-restricted
                  deer hunting continued until the turn of the century. it wasn't until 1913 that the south carolina dept. of natural resourses
                  was formed, and that the whitetail and other species of the state were offerd any protection against over-hunting and habitat
                  destruction.
 as industry began to move across south carolina, and after the passing of the depression era,
                  farmland that was once planted , reverted back to forrested areas as sons and daughters looked to other occupations near growing
                  cities. by the 1900's, every state except south carolina had a re-stocking program underway. the only whitetail that still
                  existed lived in the remotest areas of the state such as, the swamps of the low-country, the mountains and the deep hardwood
                  bottoms. 
in 1950 however; nine deer had been trapped in the francis marion nat.forest, and released in edgefield
                  co. by 1952, 28 deer had been released into what is now the sumter national forest as well. today, we have an open season
                  in every county of the state. south carolina has the longest season , and the most liberal bag limits for deer accross the
                  united states. 
 
with an estimated deer herd well over 1 million; hunter-conservationist, along with the south carolina dept.of
                  natural resourses agree that the future of whitetail deer hunting has never looked better! b.stallings 5-4-01 



  free counters
                  provided by honesty.com.    

























