






cyberheritage,plymouth history,naval and military history,victorians and edwardians,royal navy and submarines



  
www.cyberheritage.co.uk
 "content over
style"  
some of these pages are
part of the
"plymouth grid for learning"
tel, uk 07780 449622
all the content of these
web pages below may now be purchased on cd. but, the images have in many
cases been re-scanned to a very high resolution so as to print out to a3 or
bigger! 
cyberheritage has
moved!  main new cyberheritage site is
here - more space, faster server
custom cds of very
hi-resolution photographs of victorian & edwardian navy and army, in
service, at rest & play, uniforms, materiel, hardware, vessels, sail &
steam, gunnery: many taken in and around plymouth, england at the shore base of
hms defiance - print to a3+
however! if you
just want the existing web quality content of these 100+ sites, that's 11,000
images, all the sites - £13.99 inc p&p will get you a double cd with
the lot on!
steve johnson's "cyberheritage international"...or
the desk in my front room! ( near the telly!)
110 plus "content over
style" sites  - 11,500 plus photographs, images and documents
1.75 gig of history!
downloadable high quality images on most sites - ideal for schools, students, researchers
and all who love history - freely given to the world - heritage sans frontieres
historical advisor to
bbc.tv, bbc radio, granada tv, discovery channel and many local us tv stations -
it's all free, don't panic! devon heritage education award winner 1997
notices
this site has had big
problems, too many hits and too many people downloading all the images!!!..at
the same time!!...haved continually maxed out the server bandwidths and i
have been axed from my web space providers time & time again!, so i shift and shift again, so if
any links to images do not work, let me know, it`s not easy re-uploading this lot!!
all of this page here, and all the links
below are  "cyberheritage" content rich web sites
"content over
style!!"
all stop press updates after oct 2002 are on this
link on new main page
stop press: october 2002
rare 1971 photo of
penlee point showing electric lights, observation posts, foghorn etc. - now all
gone.
stop press: september 2002
shore treasure hunting on the 1912 wreck of the steamer
vectis at andurn point, plymouth, devon
is here.
www.cyberheritage.com/abroad
is here on this link
very rare 1970 colour photos
of rame coastal defence battery, whitsands bay, east cornwall, which
may be found here! large scans, to print out to a3 of
british rail specials to paignton, devon, featuring classes, 40, 31 and 47, and
also clay in cornwall -  which may be found here. new also is the page
looking at
what remains of the blitz - shrapnel hunt, and a gas mask arp rubbish dump.
last but not least are these
scans of some 1960s plastic model box art.
stop press: august 2002
just added: photos of old
submarines and crews, k6, k14, b5, b6, u54, d boats at torquay, early french
boats at dunkirk. photos
only here
stop press: july 2002
all "cyberheritage"
material, photos, images and web sites are now available on cd, mostly to a far
higher degree of resolution and printing-out size, ideal for a3/a4 framing &
hanging.   just
ask. just added:
submarines, very large a3 size images,  see
below, here; public
secondary school for girls trip to london c.1968, (also good 60`s view of
edinburgh and a few odd shots of luscious 60`s babes!!) two
plymouth girls seeking romance in paris in 1972, good views of old cars and
paris skyline, public secondary
school for girls trip to austria c.1969, good views of old cars. photos
only
stop press: may 2002
i have just been able to get
some colour negatives taken in 1991 scanned to a very high quality. subject
matter is world war ii graffiti found in the underground air raid shelter at
sutton high school and also the shrub verge at lower street, both plymouth. done
by schoolchildren from primary to grammar age, they are a stunning window into
the past. files are 900k at most. hitler,
churchill, goering, hitler,
mussolini, "plucked
nazi eagle," battleship,
heinkel, heinkel,
goering, goering 
cd-hi-res photos

a-z
      of british royal navy   - 1880-1950 - over 700 photographs available
      on cd plus bonus hi-res photos double
      cd set
falklands
      conflict as seen from plymouth, england ships come home, over here,
      over there, icebergs, the voyage south, seals penguins cd
      also see hi-res scans bottom of this list below , hms plymouth and an
      unknown type 21
railways
      - a look at the tarka line in the mid 1980`s - running between exeter and
      barnstaple, and the railway ghosts of ilfracombe. also mid 1980`s rail
      scene in devon and cornwall, china clay, devon banks, dawlish and
      teignmouth and main line steam revival. rail activity in plymouth, london,
      the midlands and wales. disused rail stations such as millbay, plymouth,
      signalling and trackside buildings on the exeter central to okehampton
      line in 1983. oldies from the 1960`s 1,000
      + photos, 56 sites within the main site! also
      large 1mb aerial photo of barnstaple junction c1975/77 - here 
      available on cd at hi-res - plus
      bonus modern br traction images from 1980s all around uk, 50s, 37s, 33s,
      31s...china clay...- hi-res - get the shots you missed!  double
      cd set
large
      scans, to print out to a3 of british rail specials to paignton, devon,
      featuring classes, 40, 31 and 47and also clay in cornwall -  
firework
      heritage museum 
firework
      heritage museum  volume 2
fireworks
      - american fireworks and firecrackers labels
fireworks
      - british firework industry
fireworks
      - captain a brock's famous firework book
fireworks
      - indian and asian firework art posters and labels
fireworks
      - virtual firework museum
fireworks
      - label art design (downloadable)of british fireworks of 1980`s lots
      of superb artworks
fireworks
      - british fireworks of the 1980`s actual items, technical drawings
fireworks:
      plymouth firework 1998 competition
fireworks:
      plymouth firework 1999 competition
fireworks:
      plymouth firework 2000 competition or
      here
fireworks:
      plymouth firework 2001 competition 
fireworks:
      plymouth firework 2002 competition 
fireworks
      - bonfires, bangers and rockets. british consumer fireworks in 1998
fireworks
      - fireworks near plymouth in 1908
hendon-
      in early aviation days
navy
      - hms drake, rn hospital, royal marine barracks, "aggie" westons,
      raglan barracks & rnec keyham cd
navy
      - king george vith visits spithead includes 1930's housing stock cd
navy
      - navy & army illustrated - a victorian / edwardian publication cd
navy
      - navy & army illustrated  volume 2 - a victorian / edwardian
      publication cd
navy
      - navy days, 1960's adverts & wartime comics cd
navy
      - personnel - devonport crews of hms mauritius, marne & liverpool in
      world war 2 
gunnery
      school of hms cambridge - site 1 - in the 1890's cd
gunnery
      school of hms cambridge - site 2 - in old photos
an
      illustrated treatise on ammunition & ordnance 1880-1960 cd
      plus bonus stunning very high resolution scans off original printed
      plates!!
navy
      - hms defiance, naval torpedo and submarine mining school from "happy
      snap" family album, stunning imagery, plymouth based early 1900`s cd
      plus bonus hi-res photos  
navy
      - ships badges of the royal navy site 1:-
      many illustrations
navy
      - royal naval ship`s badges- site 2:
      photos only, stunning!!! folders
      identified by numbers, are naval air squadron badges, hm ships and
      submarines are in alphabetic folder divisions cd
navy
      - plymouth sound and it`s warships in world war 2 many rare photos of
      warships in camouflage paint schemes cd
      plus bonus hi-res photos
navy
      - plymouth sound and it`s warships in world war 2 volume
      2.features small ships & schermuly barrage rockets cd
      plus bonus hi-res photos
navy
      - ships - canadian ships in plymouth sound in world war 2
navy
      - submarines & steam ironclads or
      here cd plus bonus hi-res
      photos double cd set
navy
      - submarine graveyard and old submarine images old submarines in breakers
      yard plus much more cd
navy
      - submarines - early submarines from old postcards and cut-away drawings
      of warships cd 
navy
      - memorial to loss of hm submarines thetis and thunderbolt cd
navy
      - submarines: a class boat, colour photos of interior, just photos, but
      good ones
submarines:
      seraph & unity 1944, b 11 & c 1 in world war i: photos only
      2mb-2.9mb, very high resolution, print to a3 
navy-
      queen victoria`s navy cd
navy
      - memorial to loss of submarine boat a8 off plymouth in 1905 and
      graves in ford park cemetery. cd
navy
      - john capes deep escape from sunken submarine hms perseus and
      discovery of wreck in 1997  
wreck
      diver - pete mitchell dives war loss wrecks and the war grave of the
      submarine boat a7 close to plymouth
aerial
      photographs of plymouth, south devon, cornwall, dartmoor, rame head and
      more site 1 cd
aerial
      photographs of plymouth, devonport & stonehouse, dartmoor,
      saltash,river tamar & lyhner, tamerton foliot,torpoint, rame head,
      penlee point, cawsand & kingsand, eddystone lighthouse, mt. edgecumbe,
      cremyll, millbrook, downderry, plymstock, plympton site 2
cd
aerial
      photo, colour, very hi-res, taken mid 1970s of barnstaple, north devon
      (800k)
plymouth
      history - blitz, dancing on the hoe, plan for plymouth, way we live,
      arp maps, f w woolworths blitzed store, plans of plymouth fortifcations -
      plus more - huge site 400 + images cd
old
      photos found in a cupboard near plymouth  - superb images of victorian home and garden, and a cool
      firework poster from pain`s and
      more here
old
      photos of oxford colleges
army
      manoeuvres at turn of 19th century
plymouth's
      drake odeon cinema - final week and final film - now closed after
      41years of service
plymouth
      history: air raid shelter found at devonport high for boys, albert road
      may 2001
plymouth
      history: air raid shelter found at devonport high for boys, albert road
      part 2 - a chinese lion token is unearthed - october 2001 cd
plymouth
      history - wartime blitz photos of lady nancy astor cd
plymouth
      history - dancing on the hoe after the air-raids of world war ii on
      plymouth cd
plymouth
      history - the department store "woolworth`s" store no. 56
      struggles to serve plymouth during the blitz and bombing raids cd
plymouth
      history - a.r.p. sector plans of blitzed plymouth; shows shelters,
      warden`s posts etc....bombed premises cd
plymouth
      history - "a plan for plymouth" - plans to rebuilt bombed
      plymouth, original artworks cd
plymouth
      history - "the way we live" - a community big screen film about
      rebuilding blitzed plymouth cd
plymouth
      history - victor lumas - plymouth`s forgotten wartime artist cd
plymouth
      history - "the warning of plymouth" a wartime story cd
plymouth
      history - "a city that refused to die" a wartime story cd
plymouth
      history - lufwaffe wartime aerial reconnaissance photos of plymouth cd
plymouth
      history - war department plans of plymouth forts and coastal defence works
cd
plymouth
      history - a first hand personal story of the plymouth blitz by "one
      who was there." cd
plymouth
      history - "bonnets on the hoe" early photographs of plymouth and
      area cd
plymouth
      history - "pisky`s pool on the hoe" - early photographs cd
plymouth
      history - old plymouth maps, colour and black and white, 1540 to 1890 cd
plymouth
      history - plymouth photographs - early photographs plymouth and area huge
      site 250 + image cd
      plus bonus hi-res photos


plymouth,
      forder & trematon (saltash) and it's town dung  cd
plymouth
      history -"attack from above" - arp & air-raids
plymouth
      history - blitz & underground shelters
plymouth
      history - wreath to plymouth civilians laid in an underground air raid
      shelter in 1999
plymouth
      history - communal air raid shelter at high street flats, plymouth,
      demolished 2001, just photos, incl. a very good " v is for
      victory"
plymouth
      history - cannon balls & penlee & rame batteries
plymouth
      history - d-day & home guard
plymouth
      history - napoleonic fortifications


plymouth
      history - early 1900`s "happy snap" family album photos of
      plymouth, most unseen before, stunning imagery cd
plymouth,
      hms drake, rn hospital, royal marine barracks, "aggie" westons,
      raglan barracks & rnec keyham cd
plymouth
      history - remains
      of the blitz - shrapnel hunt, and a gas mask arp rubbish dump,
      old rifle range butts
plymouth
      navy days, 1960's adverts & wartime comics cd
plymouth
      breakwater cd
plymouth
      paper shopping bag art of the 1970 s
plymouth
      shopping bag art of the 1970 s volume 2
plymouth
      sound and it`s warships in world war 2 many rare photos of warships in
      camouflage paint schemes, barrage ballons, anti-submarine nets cd
      plus bonus hi-res photos 
      double cd set 
plymouth's
      wall & pink floyd's wall: fortifications & butts 
rame
      & penlee battery in 1971, also picklecombe fort, photos only,
      extra photos to above rame/penlee battery site, also a little better
      quality
plymouth 
      u.k. total eclipse of the sun 1999 the build up and a little eclipse
      heritage from the royal navy
plymouth
      total solar eclipse august 11 1999: totality in plymouth: hi-res scans
      of totality
plymouth`s
      drake`s island: aerial views from 1980
plymouth
      hms cambridge open day summer 1998, live gunnery demonstration,
plymouth
      hms cambridge open day summer 1999, live gunnery and a look at the 4.5inch
      magazine
plymouth
      - ford park cemetery, a victorian graveyard of famous people and a
      titanic victim along with james bond.
plymouth
      - rame way, an early 20th century picnic through mt. edgecumbe up to
      rame head in s.e. cornwall cd
rame
      church-candlelit christmas carol service 2000
rame
      church whitsun picnic june 2001
rare
      1971 photo of penlee
      point showing electric lights, observation posts, foghorn etc. - now all
      gone.
very
      rare 1970 colour photos of rame coastal defence battery, whitsands bay,
      east cornwall
cawsand:
      a tribute to dave elworthy
maker
      camp, south east cornwall; fortified 19th century barracks, photos only,
      all taken 1999
plymouth
      in old photographs; picnics, waterfront, the hoe, plymouth sound,
      beside the seaside beside the sea, fishing vessels, kingsand cd
      plus bonus hi-res photos
brymon
      airways at roborough (plymouth) airport in 1970`s - britten-norman
      islanders, otters, dash-7 cd plus
      bonus hi-res photos
plymouth
      early 1970s, torpoint ferry...with old cars, millbay docks, mayflower
      steps, photos only
planes
      at heathrow airport in 1970`s - tridents, dc-8, 707 etc
cd plus bonus hi-res photos
planes
      at heathrow airport in 1981 and 1988 cd
      plus bonus hi-res photos
railways-switzerland
      1988, furka-oberalp bahn etc
sheepstor,
      meavy, burrator reservoir, eggbuckland, marsh mills, empacombe, hexworthy,
      bere alston and plymouth old photos cd
rockets!
      rockets! rockets! cd
rockets
      red glare- rocket heritage, amateur rocket heritage, old adverts for
      rocketry, rocket mail, rocket motors plus more cd
rockets
      - schermuly and his rockets cd
women
      as seen in british world war 2 advertising cd
womens
      magazines and advertising from the 1920`s to 1940`s: highly illustrated cd
womens
      magazines and advertising from the 1950`s cd
womens
      suffrage; demise of women`s independence in late 1990`s  
victorian
      childrens scrapbook art album: highly illustrated
pink
      floyd at earls court, (concert photos) london, 1973, van dike club
      plymouth  
australian
      pink floyd and orphan kangaroo project
jethro
      tull, pink floyd, genesis, king crimson, stray, renaissance, lindisfarne
      and more, live concert pics. van dike, plymouth
"gig"
      people, plymouth young people in 1970, art college, van dike, guildhall
      concerts, photos only - remember any, some of me too!!
world
      war ii unusual images and cutaways of weapons and equipment: submarines
      and underwater mining. cd 
children`s
      books on space travel in 1960`s - the artworks
plymouth,
      milehouse, silver jubilee 1977 street party, fullerton road
scilly
      isles, 1975, supplying the bishop rock lighthouse
aerial
      views of channel islands in summer 1990
plymouth,
      van dike, caravan live on stage, 1971
aerial
      views of wilcove, lynher estuary, portwrinkle, fort stamford, caswsand
      fort, antony estate, whitsand bay showing rame head, and a fine view of
      the old apron and terminal buildings/restaurant at plymouth "roborough"airfield/airport
      in those far off days of lazy mown grass runways! all about 850k
scans
      of some 1960s plastic model box art.

below are a few individual
samples of the hi-res scans on the cds, however these are still compressed,
while those on cds are not,but will give a fair idea. these images are not on
cds, many negatives/plates are very old!!

comet
      hale-bopp photographed from gutter tor, dartmoor, overlooking sheepstor at
      dusk in spring 1997 (900kb), needs a
      little retouching and it will print out to a3 950k
nuclear
      bomb effects calculator, found 1991 at old civil defence hq at pounds
      house plymouth 350k
scraesdon
      fort: hi-res aerial photo, prints to a3, 3.6mb
tregantle
      fort: hi-res aerial photo, prints to a3, 2.8mb
princess
      caroline`s coastal defence battery, gibraltar,1988: hi-res photo, prints
      to a3, 3.3mb
alderney,
      channel islands, 1975: hi-res aerial photo, prints to a3, 3.9mb
hms
      plymouth in falklands conflict 1.75mb
unknown
      type 21 frigate firing here 4.5 inch in falklands conflict  
      and another shot
      here  both 850k 
thanks
      to my long lost p&o (or rfa), plymouth cfe  maritime studies
      student for these three, hope you do not mind that i use them. sorry, but
      i have forgotten your name
buckfast,
      devon, power air raid siren, 1991, all scrapped in uk in 1993 1.2mb
a-
      class submarine boats alongside wharf: a real cracker of a photo 1mb
rock
      band stray on stage in van dike club, 1971, see rock sites on above
      list 1mb
prawle
      point shipwreck, devon, 1996/97? 
      and here too shot 2  both 1.5mb
plymouth
      breakwater fort, before all wartime roof buildings removed 1mb
plymouth
      breakwater, west end, 1969, before boulders dumped on inside 1mb
plymouth
      barbican, sutton harbour, before lock gates built, 1991? this view has now
      changed out of all recognition     and
      here too, shot 2  both 1mb
plymouth
      barbican, mayflower steps, 1973? or about, now changed beyond belief
      1.3mb
plymouth
      barbican, looking to coal wharf, cranes and coxside, 1985/86: totally
      1.3mb unrecognizable now
wartime
      beach defences are revealed at tregantle beach, south east cornwall in
      1987/88, 4 shots, 1......2.......3........4........(all
      about 1.5mb) some years later, ?1998, more were revealed, (this lot having
      been subsequently been removed) but this time live mines were still
      attached to the iron work, boo, hoo, should have looked better in 87/88
      and photographed them too!!
whitesand
      bay sunset, from rame, summer 1968......my fat old sun....
old
      brickworks at southdown, millbrook, taken from palm rock,
      1968...youngster is jeremy millman, son of angling writer mike millman
hurst
      castle/fort, 1987
tunisian
      women, 1973, traditional clothing, taken at a market    
      2nd shot here
penlee
      point coastguard house, while it still was trinity house, note huge
      aerial, 1980s
penlee
      battery, 6 inch magazine, underground, shifting
      lobby, and 2 more,
      here and here,
      1980s
renney
      battery, magazine, shell lifts, cartridge hoists, 1980s  and
      here    and
      here
german
      guns at les landes, jersey, cliff bottom, 1990, my son and i climbed
      down, well worth it 
      and here    and
      here   and
      here
large
      photo of pink floyd live in 1973 at earl`s court, it`s "careful with
      that axe, eugene"

  
turning the
pages of history above & below the waves - our sister webring sites, all
content rich
www.submerged.co.uk 
www.navyphotos.co.uk 
 


