





rivetwise | leading supplier of rivets, rivet nuts, fasteners and fixings

































home
support
contact



								language:
							
							english
						


english
spanish
french
german






								currency:
							
a$



£ pounds
$ dollars
€ euros
a$ australian dollars








show search form





















								hello
sign in







0













menu
homeabout usmarketsservicesproductsvendwisebrandsresourcesnews









your one stop shop - all your needs, one trusted source
why use multiple vendors when you can go to one for all our needs!
view shop
















upgrade to a smarter way of working
elevate your operations with rivrite tooling, designed to increase your production, help you meet demands whilst saving costs.
rivrite
















browse rivetwise rivets & fasteners
explore our wide selection of rivets, rivnuts, helicoils & other fasteners
view shop
















premium stanley engineered fastening partner
rivetwise is proud to be the go-to premium partner of stanley providing specialised 
engineering fastening solutions for a range of industries.
view stanley

















welcome to rivetwise
rivetwise is a trusted distributor and service provider, consistently going the extra mile to deliver a world-class service. as a comprehensive solutions provider, we offer a broad range of products and services, including rivets, rivet nuts, riveting tools, tool repair, automation, and vendor managed inventory (vmi). this enables you to conveniently fulfill all your needs in one place. whether you’re looking for blind rivets, open or closed rivet nuts, or an extensive selection of rivet tools, our partnerships with rivrite, stanley engineering, gesipa, and lobster ensure we have everything you require.





products
we offer a vast range of application solutions including branded and in-house rivets in a number of sizes and different materials, rivet nuts including open and closed end, flat, csk and reduced head, installation equipment and a wide range of globally referenced aerospace and defence wire thread helicoil insert products. 
 
 





standard rivets







view range


structural & specialist rivets







view range


rivet tools







view range


rivet nuts







view range


rivet nut tools







view range


helicoil







view range









vendwiselooking for better control over your inventory? rivetwise offers a range of vendor managed inventory (vmi) solutions designed to streamline your supply chain, eliminate disruptions, and maintain the tools essential to your operations.vendwise







marketsserving a wide range of customers within aerospace, automotive, building and construction, defence, ground transportation and light manufacturing our dynamic team will deliver a high level of service with good attention to detail. 
 markets






services
rivetwise is a trusted distributor and solution provider. our capabilities and expertise make us the first choice application support specialists for manufacturers in the uk and ireland. we are rivet tool and rivet nut tool experts. our specialist knowledge will help you find the right tool for the job. we also offer bespoke tool maintenance programmes and tool repairs. our stock replenishment solutions can offer a seamless solution for your inventory and offers a one-stop solution for all of your application needs. 
 
 







tool repairswith extensive experience within the air tool repair trade rivetwise can offer a quick response to solving most rivet & rivet nut tool repair situations. we are an officially approved factory service centre for major brands including rivrite, stanley® engineered fastening, avdel® & pop®, gesipa®, far and lobster. our planned preventative tool maintenance programme allows you to take a more proactive approach and will help to keep your tools in optimal working condition.tool repairs







tool consultancy & trainingdo you need help with your installation equipment? our tool services will help you find the correct equipment to suit your application requirements. we offer training for staff in tool usage to help minimise downtimes in repairs, and provide cost-effective maintenance solutions that will prolong the life of your riveting system.tool consultancy & training







tool hireas well as offering rivet & rivet nut tools for sale online, we also offer a loan/hire service to our customers. our hire equipment is maintained to the highest industry standards by an experienced workshop engineer. every time a tool gets returned to us it goes through maintenance to ensure it is cleaned, serviced and tested. this guarantees you will always have a reliable working tool to get on with your job when you hire it from us.tool hire







wholesalewe are first choice, application support specialists when it comes to servicing the supply chain. we work with supply chain leaders in many industries to make sure their customers get the highest quality riveting solutions at the best price. we won’t be beaten on price on our in-house solutions. wholesale






brands

 
our premium partnership with stanley® engineered fastening enables our customers to quickly access a supply of the world’s most advanced fastening and assembly solutions.
we have also developed long-term partnerships with a number of major brands including gesipa®, far, lobster and tubtara and can offer a diverse portfolio of products to our customers.
 

we are a distrbutor of rivrite this allows us to give our customers a range of quality tools and introduction to automation using the rivirite auto-feed systems. we believe this partnership wil allow us to bring future fastening technologies to manufacturing.







newsletter


email address





keep up-to-date with all the latest rivetwise news and special offers.


















address
rivet holdings limited
t/a rivetwise
unit 3 keys business village
keys park road
hednesford
ws12 2ha
england




home
about us
brands
products
markets
resources
news




customer support
tel: +44 (0)121 766 5445
email: sales@rivetwise.co.uk
contact form
terms and conditions




brands
stanley engineered fastenings
tubtara
gesipa
lobster







privacy policy
cookie policy
iso 9001
site map


					copyright © 2025 rivetwise. all rights reserved.
					
						
web design and website optimisation by spiderscope







cookie notice: this website does not store personal data in cookies. more info ...


i'm fine with this





















