


home | department of agriculture, environment and rural affairs



































skip to main content
 

department of agriculture, environment and rural affairs










department of
agriculture, environment
and rural affairs

an roinn
talmhaíochta, comhshaoil
agus gnóthaí tuaithe

depairtment o'
fairmin, environment
an' kintra matthers




main navigation





home topics publications consultations contact








search









 
translation help

translate this pagetranslate this page

select a languagearabic — عربيchinese (simplified) — 中文简体chinese (traditional) — 中文繁體dutch — nederlandsfilipino — filipinofrench — françaisgerman — deutschhungarian — magyarirish — gaeilgeitalian — italianolatvian — latviešulithuanian — lietuvių kalbapolish — polskiportuguese — portuguêsromanian — românărussian — русскийslovak — slovenčinaspanish — españolukrainian — українська





    welcome to department of agriculture, environment and rural affairs


featured











        suspect case of notifiable avian flu found in commercial poultry premises, county tyrone
      

15 february 2025


disease control measures have been initiated following suspicion of notifiable highly pathogenic avian influenza.













        avian influenza housing order to come into force
      

12 february 2025


mandatory housing measures for all kept birds & poultry are to come into force across ni from 00:01 mon 17 feb 2025.













        minister details benefits of new sustainable agriculture programme to dairy farmers 
      

12 february 2025


daera minister andrew muir has outlined the range of farm support measures available within the new sustainable...




more news...




quick links


blue-green algae
exports live animals/animal products and decol
daera online services
grants and funding
moving animals and goods to northern ireland
sustainable agriculture programme
environmental improvement plan for northern ireland
beef carbon reduction (bcr) scheme
avian influenza




follow us



x




facebook




youtube





our responsibilities




    actions to protect our environment
  

 what we can do together to protect our environment including the environmental improvement plan





    animal health, welfare and trade
  

 information about diseases, disease control and prevention, welfare of farmed and non-farmed animals, trade, importing and exporting animals and authorisation of pvps for these official activities.





    biodiversity
  

 protecting and preserving northern ireland's wildlife and habitats from invasive alien species and other environmental threats.





    climate change
  

 climate change is the issue of our time. daera and the northern ireland executive are working in partnership with local councils, businesses and organisations to help tackle this issue. as part of our commitment to tackling climate change, we need to meet the net zero targets by 2050 as set out in the climate change act ni 2022.





    commercial fishing and angling (inland fisheries)
  

 inland fisheries is responsible for developing angling and commercial fishing policy in relation to the conservation, protection, development, and improvement of salmon and inland fisheries in northern ireland.





    countryside management and managing your business
  

 information on agri-environment schemes, water quality, renewable energy and employing people on your farm.





    covid-19
  

 pages relating to the departments response to covid-19





    crops and horticulture
  

 information on areas of crop growing and horticulture including combinable crops, potatoes, fruits and vegetables, seeds and nursery stock.





    education and research
  

 education and training courses for the land-based and food industries and development programmes.





    environmental advice for planning
  

 daera has a role in development management and responds to development proposals where there is potential for impacts on the natural and marine environments and fisheries interests.





    sustainable agriculture programme
  

 a new programme of farm support





    fisheries
  

 sea fisheries, inland fisheries, aquaculture and fish health policy in northern ireland.





    food
  

 meat inspection, milk and milk products, personal food imports, egg packers





    forestry
  

 forestry education, forest industry, forestry and the environment, forest planning.contact the ni forest serviceinformation on plant and tree healthuk forestry standard





    grants and funding
  

 there is a wide range of grant and subsidy schemes to support local farming, fisheries, rural businesses and communities.





    green growth
  

 green growth means using the move from a high to a low greenhouse gas emissions society to improve people’s quality of life through green jobs and a clean environment. daera has been leading the development of the green growth strategy, on behalf of the northern ireland executive. the green growth strategy will set a high-level vision to ensure future government policy making has climate, environment and a green economy at its core.





    land and landscapes
  

 information on land quality and soil as well as details on the geology of northern ireland's distinctive and precious landscapes.





    livestock farming
  

 information on key areas of livestock farming including dairy, beef, sheep, pigs, poultry and grass.





    local authority official certification
  

 information for food competent certifying officers regarding official certification of fish, fish products, composite products (containing egg and or fish) and egg products.





    marine
  

 protecting northern ireland's coastal and marine environment via legislation, licensing and permits and conservation activities





    moving animals and goods to northern ireland
  

 if you or your business move live animals and certain products from great britain to northern ireland there are certain requirements you need to adhere to.





    northern ireland food animal information system (nifais)
  

 nifais, the northern ireland food animal information system, will be a new flexible and innovative it system that supports efficient and effective delivery of current and future food animal information services.





    plant and tree health
  

 pests and diseases, pesticides, plant passporting, imports and exports, surveys and compliance.





    pollution
  

 activities undertaken to prevent, monitor and control pollution of the air, land and water.





    resource & waste policy
  

 daera and niea have responsibility in ni for making sure waste and resources are managed in a sustainable and safe way. this page is intended to be a “one stop shop” for any queries you have on waste policy (including legislation and regulation).





    rural development
  

 management and implementation of the rural development programme and the rural white paper action plan





    rural needs
  

 this section contains advice, guidance, information and other resources for public authorities in relation to their duties under the rural needs act (ni) 2016.





    statistics
  

 the department of agriculture, environment and rural affairs provides a range of statistics covering agriculture, environment, rural communities, animal health, fisheries, food and forestry in northern ireland.





    sustainability
  

 information relating to sustainable development and prosperity agreements.





    water
  

 protecting the aquatic environment by regulating water quality and hydrological processes whilst considering the needs of industry, agriculture and the protection of public health.





    windsor framework implementation
  

 the windsor framework (implementation) regulations 2024 came into force on 12 april 2024. the regulations confer powers upon the secretary of state in relation to articles 5-7 and annex 2 of the windsor framework, however, the uk government has committed to exercising these powers only to the extent necessary to support the operation of the windsor framework, including relevant commitments of the safeguarding the union command paper.







we work with these bodies


college of agriculture, food and rural enterprise (cafre)
agri-food and biosciences institute (afbi)
livestock and meat commission (lmc)
loughs agency
northern ireland fishery harbour authority
farm safety (hseni)
northern ireland environment link
niea net regs




our documents

our publications




    agricultural market reports – 2025
  


published 17 february 2025







    potential for advanced-moorings as a management option for strangford lough marine protected areas, 2022-2024
  


published 13 february 2025







    animal welfare service delivery statistical bulletin 2023
  


published 13 february 2025







see all our publications



our consultations




    review of environmental governance in northern ireland call for evidence january 2025
  



                      closes 14 march 2025
                  






    environmental impact assessment forestry consultation for land adjacent to springwell forest. era24/25-16
  



                      consultation closed
                  






    environmental impact assessment forestry consultation for land adjacent to stoneyford reservoir co antrim. era24/25-05
  



                      consultation closed
                  






see all our consultations




access to information
how to request information from the department of agriculture, environment and rural affairs including freedom of information (foi), environmental information regulations (eirs) and the use of our publication scheme.


the minister











        minister of agriculture, environment and rural affairs, andrew muir mla
      
 andrew muir mla is minister of agriculture, environment and rural affairs in northern ireland and alliance party mla for north down.








about us
the department of agriculture, environment and rural affairs (daera) has responsibility for food, farming, environmental, fisheries, forestry and sustainability policy and the development of the rural sector in northern ireland. read more about the department 


corporate information


forest service
northern ireland environment agency
finance and strategy
daera's equality scheme
departmental social media policy
common agricultural policy (cap) subsidy payments




contact us

jubilee housedepartment of agriculture, environment and rural affairsjubilee house111 ballykelly roadballykellylimavadybt49 9hpclare housedepartment of agriculture, environment and rural affairsclare house303 airport road westbelfast bt3 9edlisburndepartment of agriculture, environment and rural affairs17 antrim roadtonaghlisburnbt28 3aldaera helpline numberscustomer serviceyou can telephone our offices between the hours of 9.00am and 5.00pm, monday to friday. the opening times of our public offices are displayed on the daera direct regional offices page. our offices are closed on most bank holidays and public holidays. different opening hours apply to our public facilities such as forest and country parks, and information is available locally and on our website. please note that it is not possible to see members of the public at daera headquarters in clare house/jubilee house/lisburn without a pre-arranged appointment.seeing callersofficials will make every effort to meet with you at your nearest public office.if you have a pre-arranged appointment, we aim to see you within 10 minutes of the agreed time. if we have to cancel an appointment, we will explain why, give you as much notice as possible and arrange a new time to suit you.if you have not made an appointment with us, we aim to see you within 15 minutes of your arrival. if you are waiting longer, we will explain why and keep you informed. a queuing system may be introduced in our public offices at busy periods. 


see all contacts


 

department footer links


crown copyright


terms and conditions


privacy


cookies


accessibility




the northern ireland executivethe executive officedepartment of agriculture, environment and rural affairsdepartment for communitiesdepartment for educationdepartment for the economydepartment of financedepartment for infrastructuredepartment for healthdepartment of justicenidirect.gov.uk — the official government website for northern ireland citizens








