


























ivan allen college of liberal arts - georgia tech - atlanta, ga































































































      skip to main content
    





















ivan allen college of liberal arts















 main menu



about 


overview
advisory board
community
contacts and locations
for employers
strategy and impact




schools 


overview
economics
history and sociology
literature, media, and communication
modern languages
public policy
sam nunn school of international affairs
reserve officers’ training corps




academics 


overview

admissions, costs, aid

financial aid


degree programs

graduate programs

doctoral programs
master's programs
online master's degrees
certificates



undergraduate programs

b.s. degrees
accelerated bachelor's/master's
minors
certificates
international experiences






students 


visit the college

undergraduate students

careers
undergraduate advisory board
program directors and advisors
why ivan allen college of liberal arts?



graduate students

careers
graduate student advisory board
program directors and advisors
why ivan allen college of liberal arts?


student resources




research 


introduction
featured research
major research areas
research centers
graduate research
undergraduate research




people 


office of the dean
college leadership
faculty and researchers
new faculty
faculty mentors
endowed chairs and professorships
unit staff




news and events 


latest news and events
feature stories
communications toolkit
newsletters
experts for media




alumni 


alumni profiles
get involved!




giving 


how to make a gift
transforming tomorrow









apply 
visit 
search 




   search  search site   






























 









            educational games should explore complexity rather than simplify it
            










 









            ai in action: one student’s journey to smarter sustainability policy
            






 









            black history month
            















welcome to ivan allen college of liberal artsgeorgia tech’s ivan allen college provides innovative, human-centered perspectives at the intersection of humanities, social sciences, arts, and stem. we develop leaders prepared to advance technology and improve the human condition.about the college why liberal arts at tech visit the collegetransforming tomorrow an education at the ivan allen college combines all of the advantages of a world-class technologically focused research university with some of the most innovative liberal arts experiences available today. we offer undergraduate, graduate, and accelerated degree programs in fields such as economics; public policy; international affairs; digital media; applied languages and intercultural studies; history, technology, and society; and more.explore the unparalleled research opportunities and unique offerings in the social sciences and humanities at a top liberal arts college dedicated to a legacy of service and social justice.  












prospective studentsliberal arts that prepare you to excel in a technology-driven world. undergraduate master's doctoral apply now visit the collegecontact us  we offer 10 bachelor’s degrees, among them six bachelor-master degree programs, 14 master’s degrees, and six ph.d. programs, including innovative, professionally oriented graduate degrees in sustainability, cybersecurity policy, and governance, applied languages and cultures, global media, digital media, and international affairs.numerous minors and certificate programs also are available, including language studies; health, medicine, and society; global development; scenarios, models, and military games; energy systems; linguistics; social justice; black media studies; and the pre-law minor in law, science, and technology. students also have the opportunity to join one of the best mock trial teams in the nation. our students develop as leaders in a culture of critical inquiry and deliberation focused on the crucial ethical issues of our age. they enter the job market with distinctive abilities to understand and solve complex problems by bridging technology, the humanities, and the social sciences.in fact, demand is booming for graduates who possess the critical inquiry, analytical, and communications skills that are a hallmark of an ivan allen college education. 











alumni success storiesjoin an alumni network 7,000 strong and growing.when you graduate from the ivan allen college of liberal arts, you become part of a worldwide network of alumni residing in more than 50 countries. our alumni are known for their complex problem-solving skills, ability to bridge the technical and non-technical realms, and savviness in science and technology.









 

iac alumni in renewable energy








 

what do these alumni founders have in common? a liberal arts degree








 

iac in washington, d.c.











 current studentsour students are studious, professional, global, and much more.with classes, travel, research, and work experiences, ivan allen college students never stop. a vast majority of our students graduate with international experience or internships under their belts. our students are also regular recipients of research awards for work in over 30 areas of inquiry.







      current student quick links
    
blurb / gallery set




 

international experience


70% of our student graduate with international experience! will you be one of them?





 

co-ops and internships


our students are at an advantage when applying for internships and jobs over the peers from other liberal arts schools!





 

research


georgia tech is a top-tier research university, with countless opportunities for students to engage in research with industry leaders.








recent college news






 


dhongde selected for higher education leadership institute










 


maría corina machado receives ivan allen jr. prize for social courage










 


ai in action: one student’s journey to smarter sustainability policy










 


from breakbeats to the dance floor: how hip-hop and house revolutionized music and culture







more news



college in the news





georgia was about to retire coal plants. then came the data centers.
published in: grist






higher education colleges rebrand humanities majors as job-friendly 
published in: the hechinger report






you cannot say that in the $%@! super bowl halftime show!
published in: the washington post






universities driving disaster recovery
published in: sustainable business magazine




more college in the news







upcoming events







wednesday
february
19
6:30 pm - 8:00 pm



student activism in the civil rights movement
6:30 pm - 8:00 pm
location: stephen c. hall building, room 102

explore the pivotal role of black college students in the civil rights movement with a screening of "ain’t scared of your jails …










monday
february
24
4:00 pm - 5:00 pm



the future of foreign aid
4:00 pm - 5:00 pm
location: bill moore student success center, president's suite b

join the sam nunn school of international affairs for a panel discussion on the future of american foreign aid.










monday
february
24
4:00 pm - 5:30 pm



hsoc spring 2025 speaker series: what's real about race? untangling science, genetics, and society
4:00 pm - 5:30 pm
location: wilby classroom, crosland g120 and online

sociologist rina bliss explores the intersection of science, genetics, and society, challenging misconceptions about race and its impact on …










tuesday
february
25
11:00 am - 12:30 pm



promotion to full professor: annual reappointment, promotion, and tenure (rpt) workshop
11:00 am - 12:30 pm
location: online

the workshops will provide an overview of reappointment, promotion, and tenure (rpt) processes and guidance to tenure-track faculty members, …






more events





stay connected!

        view this profile on instagram            ivan allen college of liberal arts (@ivanallencollege) • instagram photos and videos 









 


georgia tech ivan allen college

proudly celebrating more than 130 years of liberal arts at georgia tech.
check out our story. be a part of it.
alumni stories make a gift get involved































facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
flickr
instagram
spotify














ivan allen college of liberal arts
savant building
631 cherry street nw, 1st floor
atlanta, ga 30332
phone: 404.894.2601
fax: 404.894.8573
map and directions
website feedback






college resources

contact us / find usfaculty / staff resourcesit support (vpn/on-campus only)make a gifttours & information sessionseu general data protection regulation privacy notice





ivan allen college schools

school of economicsschool of history and sociologysam nunn school of international affairsschool of literature, media, and communicationschool of modern languagesschool of public policy





georgia tech resources


campus offices


visitor parking


news center


campus calendar













georgia institute of technology

north avenueatlanta, ga 30332
+1 404.894.2000
campus map



general


directory
employment
emergency information




legal


equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and anti-harassment policy
legal & privacy information
human trafficking notice
title ix/sexual misconduct
hazing public disclosures
accessibility
accountability
accreditation
report free speech and censorship concern





©2025 georgia institute of technology


















