
submit equalizer





 



 



 




 important: before you continue...
 
discover the push-button 'secret' to instantly increasing your website traffic, rankings and backlinks!  




 sign up now and you will also get a free copy of our money-making autopilot income explosion!  



first name:



email address:



  




   
 
note: your free report will be delivered via email after you submit your information. we hate spam, and will never rent, sell or trade your contact information to anyone for any reason. we respect your privacy!  


 



 
attention: if you would like 
                    to uncover over 2,050 proven resources that will increase 
                    your website traffic, this letter is for you...   “finally, 
			a solution that works!  instantly 
			submit all of your websites to this  exclusive hand-picked list of 2050+ search 
			engines, directories, and classified sites to quickly and easily 
			send you gobs of fresh traffic whenever you want!"    “just fill-in a few blanks and hit a button to 
			submit your website to an always-growing list of over 2050 high-quality and 			exclusively picked distribution sites using this new technology 
			-- put to work on a proven technique you can 
			use on every new website you create time-and-time again!"  
			 
date: 
from: rod beckwith and jeff alderson
dear friend,
you've probably heard all the 
			"too-good-to-true" claims, promising to submit your website to 
			hundreds of thousands of search engines, directories, and classified 
			sites... and you might have even 
			given one of them a shot, only to watch it produce scant results... 
of course, the concept of getting large amounts 
			of exposure and instant traffic from all of those links pouring in 
			sounds great, especially for new websites just starting out.  
			but, there's one big reason why they usually don't work.
you see, nearly all of those sites you get submitted to are a 
			complete waste of time (as they don't research the sites and never 
			update them) -- and only when you shell out big 
			bucks, do you find-out...  you've just paid for your site to be submitted 
				into what seems like a giant black hole! 
it's true you may get a few hits here and there if 
			you're lucky... by getting accepted into a few decent sites or 
			search engines.
but, those quality sites are often few, far between.  
			and when you've got a new website ready-to-go... and you want to get 
			rolling in free traffic traffic as quickly as possible... well then, 
			you're just out-of-luck.
there's just not an easy solution to get free traffic
			without a lot of of work first (even articles take countless 
			hours to write and submit).
that's why my partner and i decided to do something about 
			it... to find a quick and easy solution to immediately get results 
			for all of your new websites.
just imagine the possibilities if you could gain 
			access to 2050+ high-quality search engines, directories and 
			classified sites  (researched 
			to have the best chance of producing you hard results)...and do it 
			with the click of a button whenever you wanted.  well, now you 
			can with... this dead simple-solution anybody can use to instantly 
			get a new incoming stream of traffic!
 
it's called submit 
            equalizer --  a new tool from rod beckwith and jeff 
            alderson. 
you may be familiar with some of 
			the other tools 
            under our belts, including blogging equalizer, traffic equalizer, 
            ad word analyzer, and many other tools that increase profits and save 
            time for marketers, webmasters, or search engine experts like 
            yourself!
submit equalizer is an easy-to-download pc software 
			you can run right on your computer.   
it allows you to effortlessly and... instantly gain a massive amount of exposure for 
			more free traffic and improved search engine results.
submit equalizer works by automatically submitting your websites to 			well-over 1750 
			high-quality directories, classified sites, and other targeted resources (where 
			you get nearly instant  traffic from new incoming one-way links)...
and these aren't ordinary sites.  they are 
			specifically chosen for having the best chance to deliver traffic 
			and results... so you can make cash from you sites as fast as possible.
plus, you even get submitted to over 250 search engines 
			without  having to manually do anything (you may be surprised at 
			all of the small search engines you're currently not found in).
here's one user's exciting results: 




 
"who knew there was still life left in ffa's 
					or smaller directories?
			
 
i was part of the ffa/directory submit crowd back when it 
					was new and hot. but these days it has become fairly well 
					known that ffa's/small directories 'no longer work'... that 
					they had already 'had their day'. well here's a little 
					surprise... it seems they do still work. 					i ran submit equalizer on a domain that had 0 (none, nada) 
					links pointing to it. in only a week or so i discovered 
					the domain had 306 backlinks!   all 
					undoubtedly the result of using se!"  --kenn washer  					http://www.expertpublishing.com



  but, it doesn't stop there. 
you also get access to a list of over 
			42 more search engines and 10 more sites where you can use a 
			built-in website browser and manual submit tool to get even more 
			links and traffic to your site!
let's take a look at how it works:
the first step you take is to enter a little-bit of information 
			about your website into submit equalizer (should take less than 3 
			minutes)...
 
			notice, how you can select a category just for your market.  
			this means many of your incoming links are targeted to your market... 
			and will generate profitable traffic.
			then, you're ready to go with the auto-submit tool which instantly 
			submits your site to well-over 1750 quality resources and 250 
			search engines:
 
			after you've let submit equalizer save you countless of hours of 
			time, then you also get access to over 42 more search engines and 10 
			sites using the manual submit tool:  
			as you can see getting new traffic producing, one-way links into any website you want is now 
			incredibly easy... and is the perfect way to launch all of your new 
			sites -- where you get some quick links to help you rise in the rankings quickly.
			next, by using the scheduler tool you can even re-submit 
			your sites every day, week, or month without having to lift a 
			finger.  just set the tool and forget it.
 
with this added tool you can now be certain you're 
			going to get full value out of submit equalizer... because it's 
			always going to be at work getting you fresh links and more 
			traffic.
just take a look at the massive boost in traffic 
				and search engine spiders we received when submit equalizer was 
				put to the test on it's own site in the middle of october:
 
it went from practically zero (from just us using 
				it) to 1,691 hits in less than 2 weeks time!  and, this is 
				before we told a single soul about it.
now, just imagine you getting this instant amount 
				of exposure for all of your sites... and doing it whenever you 
				want.  all  you have to do is hit a button and you're 
				off!
here's what another user has to say: 




 

rod and 
					jeff:


 
what can i 
						say but...wow! 
						you have really done it this time!  this program is 
						awesome!  now, even the internet newcomer has a 
						shot at profiting from the *big* 
						search engine traffic, 
						and best of all, at a price that 						everyone can afford!  the two of you deserve a 
						standing ovation for your creation of yet another 
						ingenious webmaster tool.
 
stephanie 
						l. woolford-bales
						http://www.infinitewebtraffic.com
  



 
simply put, you barely have to do anything to have your copy 
			working on autopilot. here's the complete run-down of everything submit 
			equalizer allows you to do: 
 avoid 
				missing-out on often over-looked traffic from small search engines which you can more easily dominate!  
				although they get less traffic than google or yahoo, they 
				still add up to a nice percentage of extra traffic you don't want 
				to overlook.
    
              	send more search engine spiders your way (getting more of your pages inside the search engines... and at faster speeds).  you won't have to wait 
				around for months for your pages to start generating loads of 
				free search 
				engine traffic!
  gain targeted, free incoming 
				traffic not only from the new search engines you submit to, but 
				the classifieds, directories, and other resources. remember, directories tend to 
				do well in the search engine rankings and so they are a great 
				way get traffic from competitive search terms!
  help you rise to the top of the rankings and stay there for the 
				long-run.   remember, incoming links and what they 
				say (anchor text) are the single biggest factor that determines 
				how you rank in the search engines!
   
				enjoy the benefit of one-way (non-reciprocal) links to make sure 
				you are not penalized for sending out links to sites banned by 
				the search engines. 
   
				see your progress in the major search engines using the built-in rank checking tool.  				you'll quickly see how 
				you're doing in capturing your target terms -- and if your time 
				is being spent wisely.
   
				 submit your site(s) every day, week, or month to 
				these directories, classifieds, and other sites for your best chance 
				at having search engines find your links. 
   
				have unlimited websites saved into your copy so you don't have to 
				type in new information for every website you have.  this 
				means you can effortlessly change your anchor (link) text or 
				website description whenever you want.
   
				use your optional built-in proxy feature to allow you to 
				submit as many websites				as you like without identifying yourself to the search engines.
   get links with anchor 
				text.  if you're solely relying on articles for incoming 
				links, then you're missing-out on a valuable weapon to grab 
				your most prized terms.  having the right text on the links 
				pointing to your site is vital to getting the best search terms. 
   automatically submit your site to over 819 
				resources and 217 search engines  with the click 
				of a button! 
   easily use the manual submit tool to gain entry to to dozens of other exclusive listings and search 
				engines.
 find-out where your sites 
				were successfully submitted and where submit equalizer 
				should try again with a built-reporting feature.  
				this feature allows you to make sure you get full benefits out 
				of this exclusive submission list.
 choose what types of sites 
				you want to submit to (whether you only want to sent it to 
				classified sites or just to search engines).  you now have 
				the power to pick where you want to get exposure from.
   plus, you're also 
				going to get a constantly updated database of submission sites.  
				this means you're always going to be gaining links from new 
				sites... and submit equalizer's value grows!  you can also rest assured 
			your sites are submitted to quality classifieds, directories, 
			and search engines.
 submit equalizer is unlike any of those 
			other programs that promise 
			to submit your site to hundreds of thousands of places... where it sounds 
			good, but never delivers solid results (because 99% of 
			the places it submits to are junk).
 instead, you get your site submitted to 
			only quality sites and search engines.   ones where you 
			stand the best chance to get loads of free traffic from them.
 best of all, you can re-submit your 
			sites as much as you want... because you own the software.  
			you won't pay a one-time fee just for one of your sites to gain this 
			massive and immediate increase in exposure.
just think... how many 
				little search engines (which add up to a lot more traffic) are you leaving out of 
			your game plan?   now, you can get listed 
				in virtually every 
				search engine that has the potential of generating traffic...
and, best of all, you 
				get to do it with click-button ease!
now, of course, there's one question you're probably wondering...
what kind of results can you expect?  here's how it works:
after you've hit the submit button, you are immediately submitted 
			to the automatic exclusive list of sites inside... sending your 
			first visitors within hours.
then, after only a day, the search engines will begin to discover 
			your first few incoming links... and the search engine spiders will 
			come running -- sucking-up your pages into the search engines.  
			and as a result,  give you an immediate stream of traffic for any 
				website you want! 
listen up:  compared to your other options of 
			getting referral links and incoming traffic to your site, submit equalizer is possibly the 
			easiest solution you have...
because instead of being forced to rely on purchasing expensive 
			advertisements or 
			on time-consuming search engine tactics for anybody to take notice of your 
			site...
you just click a button (or let the scheduler take of 
			everything for you) and you get incoming links and more traffic 
			quickly and easily..
you won't have to pay $2,000.00 a month to hire a 
			search engine optimization expert to gather your links... or pay one of these 
			guaranteed link companies 
			$1500.00 for 50 incoming links.
in fact, you won't have to pay anything close to that.  
			the investment to get a new traffic stream to your websites you put 
			to work whenever you want (and for all of your sites) is a mere $27.  this means...  submit equalizer is almost guaranteed to pay 
				for itself within days by...  

slashing the time it takes to make cash from your 
			new websites (with more traffic and better search engine results).  in other words, you're putting your new 
			websites' money-making ability into warp speed.
with more of your 
			pages into the search engines faster and a fresh stream of free traffic... all 			without spending all of your time, wasting away, at your 
			computer.  with the command of a button you can now let your 
			copy of submit equalizer take care of all the hard work for you.
so, if you're used to getting links and your 
			sites into the search engines the 
			old-fashioned ways, then this a dream come true.... fresh links pointing to your site... and you didn't have pay 
			a lot of money... or hardly lift a finger.
 
  in essence,

 what all this means to you is simple...

adding a copy of submit equalizer to your arsenal of 
			promotion software is a wise choice... because you're gaining one of 
			the easiest ways to get 
			profitable traffic to your websites...
with more incoming one-way links, targeted traffic... and more of 
			your pages getting into the search engines.
you're letting the world know about your websites, 
			in moments.  all you have to do is fill-in a few blanks and 
			click the submit button.  and, as a result...   gain the maximum 
				amount of money out of your sites as quickly as possible. 
				 
so, if you're serious about your web business, then 
			the cost for submit equalizer is pocket change.  the amount of 
			traffic and search engine exposure you receive from your scant amount of effort will easily 
			pay you back in just a short time.
not only because you're making more cash, but 
			because you're freeing up your time to focus on the things you get paid 
			for.
so, don't put off getting your copy...  and 
			start taking advantage of this instant traffic source moments from 
			now.  you don't have to spend another long-day or night trying 
			to secure more affordable traffic for your site.
instead, start cashing-in by adding this new stream 
			of traffic today. and, of course, with nearly all of our tools... 

you won't have to worry about losing your investment 
			with submit equalizer. 


because unlike other software products that go out-of-date 
			quickly when a more advanced one comes out, you get 
            free upgrades.  this means whenever new directories, 
			classified sites, or search engines are added to our database, you 
			get the updated list right away!  
            


additionally, the same is true for added usability 
			features.  when new and helpful ones are needed, then you can 
			be rest assured they will be added.


this means you have no reason for waiting to get 
			your copy of submit equalizer... your investment is secure.  
			and what's even more.... you're also getting backed up by our...

   "you can't 
                            lose 60-day personal 100% money back guarantee!" 
 

my partner and i are so confident 
                        you're going to love the results you get with submit 
                        equalizer...when you grab your new copy right now, 
                        you get our ironclad, 100%, 60-day money-back guarantee!


this means you get to try submit 
			equalizer for a risk-free test-run!... because if you don't get 
			possibly the easiest free traffic stream you've ever had, then you get all of your 
            investment handed back to you!  no problems or hassles.  with this deal, you can't lose...





 
click 
                    here to order right now!instant access - 
                    instant download      
click 
                  here to pay by credit 
            card!



    
get your copy 
                            of "submit 
                            equalizer" now for only $247 $97 $47 $27!  
you can download it right now -- even 
					if it's 2:00 a.m.!   
sincerely,jeff aldersonrod 
            beckwith 
p.s. with submit 
			equalizer in your arsenal of promotion tools you save  
			hours of time to quickly and easily get links and traffic to your websites.  
			you won't have to stay up all night anymore... struggling to get 
			incoming 
			links every time you launch a new site.  just fill-in a few 
			blanks and let your copy go to work! 
p.p.s.  the 
			usual struggle to get more traffic to your new websites is now over.  
			just let your copy of submit equalizer go to work and watch as new 
			links throughout the internet pour into your website overnight... 
			and you barely have to lift a finger!  
			don't delay and start enjoying more traffic and exposure with your copy today!
  join our affiliate program |
			contact 
			us





   earnings 
  disclaimer | privacy 
  policy | terms 
  of use agreement | search 
  engine submission software   copyright © 
  
              
              
              
              
               xyberwidget, llc. all rights reserved.

 




