


the space between my peers


 




















	               the space between my peers
	               
from the bottom of the fashion food chain ...



about me

name:  rebecca 
location:  the great northwest 
i'm a home-schooling, bible-believing sahm with an annual clothing budget of about $500 american. the space between my peers reveals my secret passion:   analysis of the art and science of what to wear.
view my complete profile








more about me:
why i read the whole bible in a little over a year




my titus 2 blog
my riveting questions









now blogging at betweenmypeers.com
hey, look at this!
my wardrobe improvement goals for 2007
i'm the winner!
happy new you!
today's outfits
hi grandma!
resolved:  not playing dress-up on sunday morning
fashion lab: better late than never
reader question:  trench coat length for an hourgl...







november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007





site feed

the basics:
use a personalized color palette
find your figure type
fashion personality quiz
personal style idiom
lifestyle segmentation




fashion:
the bargain queen
blooming lily
the budget fashionista
a dress a day

faking good breeding
final fashion
ma petite chou
of(f) the deep end
the runway scoop
the sartorialist
style bubble
style bytes
stylefinds
style tribe

verbal croquis
what to wear this very second
zafu

coutorture
tbf project:blog

frugals:
frugal homemaker plus
frugal upstate

moms:
amy's humble musings
blest with sons
charity grace
dewey's treehouse
the duchy of burgundy carrots
frog and toad are friends
holymama!
home-steeped hope
laurel wreath
meg logan's blog
rocks in my dryer

-
crazy/hip blog-mamas+ (random site)

random stuff:
the underground history of american education
western washington's oldest independent record store

shoes:
marinamode





my nightstand:








thursday, january 04, 2007



                      	 
                      	 now blogging at betweenmypeers.com
	                       
                          

click here to visit the new:  the space between my peers

posted by rebecca | 8:57 am
       |
         0 comments
 




tuesday, january 02, 2007



                      	 
                      	 hey, look at this!
	                       
                          

i think this was my real christmas present.  many thanks to the bargain queen for her helpful advice in making the change, kathleen fasanella of fashion incubator for her post (quite a long time ago, but she's having technical issues right now, so i can't link the exact post) urging bloggers to buy their own domain, and to darren rowse of problogger for drawing my entry to win the 10 books, which somehow made it urgent to do it today.so who will be first to link to the new site?

posted by rebecca | 10:04 pm
       |
         6 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 my wardrobe improvement goals for 2007
	                       
                          

many thanks to all who answered my new year's question concerning your personal wardrobe improvement goals for 2007, thereby giving me another day to consider mine.  not nearly as profound as any of those submitted, mine is simply this:to fill in my wardrobe of accent tops (basic tee-shirts, dress shirts, etc.)mentally my wardrobe exists in three building-block-type components:bottoms.  skirts and trousers.  most often, i think of shoes and socks in conjunction with these.top layers.  jackets and sweaters, blazers and sweatshirts.  thinking of these sometimes leads to considerations of outerwear, as well.accent tops.  the mortar that holds outfit together.  necessarily flattering to the face, i am missing some of these bread-and-butter basics (like a white dress shirt).  i guess that makes sense that my challenge would lie in this arena, since this category of clothing is considered an accessory by some.there you have it, my top priority wardrobe challenge (to myself) for 2007.may i suggest a goal, if you don't have one already?  invite a friend over to help you organize your closet and advise you on what to biff.  tessa is willing to come and do it for free if you pay her travel expenses, as am i.but here's the catch:  what you commit to get rid of leaves with me.  no changing your mind later.

posted by rebecca | 3:31 pm
       |
         0 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 i'm the winner!
	                       
                          

so, i woke up this morning to discover that, not only did i finally get a lovely article of clothing for christmas, which i happily wore to play games at our new year's eve festivities, i won a drawing over at problogger!  oh happy day!  it's enough to make me regret all the sulking about christmas shopping.what i won:  a copy from amazon of each of the 10 books that darren rated as having the biggest impact upon his blogging last year.  how i won:  i commented on his post what's the weirdest thing you've sold on amazon?  it was just a random thing that i happened to know the answer, aura cacia peppermint oil.now, if you were a person who attempted to look to god for direction in every aspect of your life, how would you take this development as it relates to the blog?btw, here's the beautiful item my hero got for me.  it's frugal too!

posted by rebecca | 8:29 am
       |
         8 comments
 




monday, january 01, 2007



                      	 
                      	 happy new you!
	                       
                          

he hee ...what are your wardrobe improvement goals for 2007?

posted by rebecca | 10:26 am
       |
         8 comments
 




sunday, december 31, 2006



                      	 
                      	 today's outfits
	                       
                          

this is what i wore to church today.  despite it being a very nice, well-coordinated outfit, made up of some of my favorite pieces, i still had a momentary twinge when faced with other people in their new coats, etc.  believe me, i'm over it now.btw, this shirt and sweater combo is the same one i wore christmas eve, with jeans and my birthday belt.but will i wear it again tonight?  attending a game night, with the same group we were with for the thanksgiving leftovers party, the big question mark is temperature.  how many layers will i need?  at the previous event, the wife of the pastor in charge runs just a little colder than i do.  perfect.  but i don't think they will be there tonight.my first choice is actually the outfit pictured back here.  and since my hero just informed me that he knows how to work the heat in the fellowship hall, i guess i will wear what i want.update:  what i want will be the sweater i wore this morning, topped by the jacket pictured here, which my hero just bought for me.  we only paid $35 american, though.  washable suede, the xs fits (!), and it's my signature color.  yay!

posted by rebecca | 1:53 pm
       |
         7 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 hi grandma!
	                       
                          

when grandmother adella said in comments back here that she'd see me soon, she really meant it.  i am so excited that in 2007, within the next several weeks/months, depending on weather, etc, she will be moving closer!this random post comes to you simply because i set my alarm clock this morning, and then actually got up.  i have washed and dried my hair, made and drank my coffee, started dinner, and i'm sitting here eating my breakfast, blogging, with time to spare.crockpots and alarm clocks.  fabulous inventions.

posted by rebecca | 7:20 am
       |
         1 comments
 






lookup a word or passage in the bible








include this form on your page








		  			 copyright © 2005-6 rebecca mielke  
		  		
















