




albert and patricia ann myers' home page




albert and patricia ann myers' home
page
on an island near fort myers, 
florida
thank you for visiting us  in southwest florida.
albert's interests include family and local history, especially colonial
era in pa and me,
and in great britain and germany before 1750.    he was genealogist of the
miami chapter, and served as president and genealogist
of the caloosa chapter of the sons of the american revolution.   he was elder (chaplain) of the florida society of mayflower descendants and of its myles standish colony in southwest florida and is a founding member of the henry samson colony in lee county, florida which he served as captain and now as elder.   he is a member of the general society of the war of 1812 and its florida society.   he is a charter member of camp 2 of the florida division of the society of the sons of veterans of the civil war.    he is member # 60 of the sons and daughters of officers of the colonial militia 1775-1783.albert owns land - a mini-estate - in glencoe wood in appin, argyll and bute, scotland, therefore he is a laird.   glencoe wood is  part of the keil estate which is about 15 miles southwest of glencoe, in the scottish highlands.   albert is also laird of chaol ghleann at dunans castle, an historic structure located in 
glendaruel, on the cowal peninsula, argyll and bute, scotland.   he has many scottish ancestors, including early macalpin, maccrinan, mackenneth, stewart, campbell, dunbar and bruce.
albert also owns land in northeast ireland in glendun, ireland, which is seventh of the 9 famous glens of antrim in glens wood in the barony of lower glenarm about a dozen miles southeast of ballycastle and west of cushendun in county antrim and is therefore a squire (or scuibhéirín). glens wood is an extension of craigagh wood located within the famous nine glens of antrim. his mother was a conner and he has many irish ancestors including the "great monarch" of ireland, brian boru, his 32nd great grandfather.
patricia ann's interests are gardening, southern-style and french cooking, and hosting parties.      
she was 2002-2004 regent of the coral
gables (florida) dar chapter and 2007-2008 treasurer of the caloosahatchee dar chapter, fort myers, florida.   she is a founding member and was treasurer of the henry samson colony.   she has been a volunteer at our local public library, was 2016-2018 president of the james e. hendry chapter of the american hibiscus society,  and is a florida master gardener and master naturalist.    she owns and manages vacation rentals in sail harbour near us. 


favorite links
view our genealogy - 80168 individuals and 36659 families

the genealogy home page and royal
genealogy files
genweb and 
brother's keeper genealogical software
(we use it)
links for our genealogy and ancestry:

 check out this 
cousin
calculator
 to find degree of relationship

mayflower 
society home
page [albert has 6 and patricia 4 mayflower ancestors]

florida society of the sar [albert has 22 patriot ancestors]

daughters of the american revolution [patricia has 3 patriot ancestors]

new england historic genealogical society [albert is life member]

national society magna charta dames and barons [albert is a member]
 the society of the descendants of the colonial clergy
 [albert is a life member]
 order of the founders of north america [albert is a charter life member}
 sons of union veterans of the civil war [albert is a member]
 daughters of union veterans of the civil war [patricia is a member]

palatines to america home page [albert has several lines]
 first families of ohio [albert and patricia are members]
see who was born
today
view historical maps
itools
is a translator, thesaurus, etc. all-in-one - - acronym
finder
a   
library of congress reference desk and a second reference desk
search the bible - see christian classics
on-line
the 'lectric law library and 
webster's visual dictionary
search the library of congress on-line
catalog - - or pa library
catalogs
see and read the united states constitution

 see what happened on this 
day in 
history  - another site
on-line news: reuters - - the miami herald - - 
fort myers news-press
sw florida 
weather and 
satellite image
near our florida home are beautiful sanibel island and the edison & ford winter estates 

visit castine,
maine - a favorite
summer vacation location
spam -
unwanted e-mail and
how to deal with it
daily
devotion - - spiritual guidance - find resources for your spiritual journey
check out earth & sky and the night sky


you may reach us by 



you may visit albert on facebook 




