








homepage - colucci river cabins























































large family cabins on the ohio river

 



menu
skip to content

home
our cabins
rates
attractions
guest photos
weddings
maps
lewis & clark visit
riverboats
contact us
guest reviews
 

indiana log cabins | large family cabins
click on the above options for more information!













moondance: $220 - $245 (nightly price for 2 people)
the castle colucci: $275 - $299 (nightly price for 2 people)
le chalet: $225 - $250 (nightly price for 2 people)
bonnie pearl: $250 - $275 (nightly price for 2 people)
heron's nest: $250 - $275 (nightly price for 2 people)
yin-yang: $220 - $245 (nightly price for 2 people)




gift certificates for any amount $$. we can mail or e-mail anytime, anywhere
now’s the time to reserve your 2025 vacation dates! let your good times roll with us!     1-812-843-5646     cell;  1-812-719-0955    bud colucci                                          no online booking, call me to reserve; 1-812-843-5646.                    mail;   logcabins@psci.net
  ohio river cabins   on the river  log cabins | large and small family cabins
welcome, friends!  relaxation? our “colucci log homes” are located right on the rivers edge, in the hoosier national forest, most being on our one mile private road. our cabins are located at the water’s edge on the largest pool of the entire ohio river system. the view of each cabin, the “castle colucci”, the “heron’s nest”, the “bonnie pearl”, the “yin-yang”, “moondance”, and “le chalet” is to the east overlooking the ohio river, greeting everyone with a spectacular sunrise and moonrise. ah. . . moon river. the scene of kentucky shoreline is beautiful rolling farmland, with cleared pasture fields gently coming to rest at the rivers edge. behind the cabins rise magnificent limestone & sandstone cliffs, carved out eons ago by melting ice age glaciers forming this mighty river. what an incredible view!
all of our cabins feature clean & private hot tubs, just two steps out your door on your covered, riverside  porches. our guests have said that these cabins have put us “over the top” of anything else around. no need to make that long trip to gatlinburg! quiet seclusion, exquisite craftsmanship, comfort, comfort,… comfort! top line maytag & frigidaire appliances, fully equipped kitchens with all the small appliances as well. livin’ is easy! high efficiency central gas heat and air conditioning for any comfort level winter or summer.
whether it’s zero outside or 100 degrees, our clean & private hot tubs on our covered porches will bubble your cares away! each hot tub is emptied, scrubbed out, disinfected, & refilled with new city drinking water in between each guest. these state of the art hot tubs for four  to seven persons are digitally programmed by you in your hot tub to whatever comfort level you like, up to 104 degrees! state of the art ozonators treat the water with ultra violet light for complete disinfecting and elimination of any “cooties” in the water. ozonators bombard the circulating water with uv light, introducing ozone gas into the water, creating a hypo-allergenic environment for you and your family. each hot tub is emptied, scrubbed down, disinfected and ph level checked for perfection. (ozone is introduced into the air of hospital operating rooms to kill airborne bacteria). our hot tubs are a safe and happy place to bring your family.
our section of the river, the ‘cannelton pool’ has been called indiana’s largest “lake”, stretching 114 miles from the locks and dam at louisville, ky to the locks and dam at cannelton, in. magnet’s brand new concrete boat ramp is only 900 feet away from the ‘heron’s nest’.  with 22,000 surface acres to enjoy, water skiing, pleasure boating and cruising is fantastic. bass, bluegill, crappie, catfish, striper, sauger and many more species hold great fishing enjoyment for everyone young & old. take a kid fishing today!
approximately 14 miles from interstate 64, magnet indiana is a stone’s throw from the ohio river scenic by-way, which boasts interesting spots and riverview histories. please accept our invitation to come and visit us, to come and rest at the waters edge. . . . . . . . . there really is a place here, where the world stands still. …….enjoy! 












  certificate of excellence   2015 winner      colucci log cabins on the ohio river   














bud's cell phone: 812-719-0955
email: logcabins@psci.net




















