handmade violins & violas - david t. van zandt, violin maker            skip to contentfront page slider



















fine violins & violas  -  since 1980

enter
click or scroll down to enter
touch or swipe to view more

  

 monday/friday  –  hours by appointmenthomeaboutgalleryavailabilitycontact
homeaboutgalleryavailabilitycontact
classically trained
professional violin maker

portland, oregonmore than 40 years of making fine violins and violas for professional musicians and advanced students


learn more about my work & background

by appointmentkiana june weberrecording artist, touring performer, world class fiddler, enthusiastic educator
"my van zandt violin has become such an integral part of my performing life. i fell in love with it immediately because it has the ability to sing like a classical violin and also dance like a fiddle. it's sound it so versatile, and full of depth, and has received compliments the world over ... "


read more about kiana


vijay chalasaniperformer, scholar, teaching-artist"david’s craftsmanship, artistry, and dedication are second to none. he is an attentive and terrific listener, both for the instruments themselves as well as for the people for whom they’re intended. throughout the commissioning process, david was a pleasure to work with; he worked carefully with me in the initial stages to determine exactly what i was looking for in an instrument; he sent me frequent updates as the building commenced; and in timely fashion he delivered a gorgeous instrument which has continued to blossom in the years as i’ve played it. ... ... "


read more about vijay

2023 alto viola designed for comfort and playability
400mm (15-3/4") body length7/8 violin without compromise
345mm  (13-1/2+")  body lengthtrust experience

expect
tonal excellence
&
personal servicebrad phillipsrecording artist, performer, producer, composer, arranger, teacher
" i am absolutely in love with my van zandt violin. i have been playing it since 2005, and since then, i have evolved as a musician, and my instrument has evolved right along with me. the versatility that my van zandt violin provides is necessary for the wide range of musical genres that i find myself playing, and it always delivers beautifully, no matter what the situation might be.
you can tell when people care — you just can. david is a sweetheart of a human being, and that shows in his work. it is clear to me that a whole lot of heart went into building this instrument, and i feel it every time i pick it up. i am so grateful to have found my way to david's craftsmanship and artistry." 


read more about brad

it would be a pleasure to meet with you in person, but if you prefer, we can schedule a meeting via facetime, zoom, or whatsapp.


use the form below or email me directly at dvz2025@vanzandtviolins.complease enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *your message *websitesend your messageyour personal data (name and email) is used exclusively for sending a response to this contact form and for any subsequent email correspondence. this data is handled carefully and will never knowingly be disclosed to third parties. let me know if you don’t want me to keep your name and email  address and i will immediately delete it.
portland, oregonhours by appointmentcopyright © david t. van zandt, 1997 – 2025 – all rights reservedlegacy website

homeaboutgalleryavailabilitycontact
homeaboutgalleryavailabilitycontact                                   

