





directline – communication delivered


































skip to content









logo
created with sketch.
































 



home
expertise

outside plant construction
service & maintenance
construction management
engineering services


about
careers
contact
employees
 
























communication delivered 





















integrity. quality. trust. 



others talk about it…we live it.directline is a full-service communications general contractor with a steadfast commitment to these principles. from the management team down to our field technicians, you can trust our commitment to doing what’s right for the project and for our customers. always










































expertise 



your communications infrastructure is what keeps information channels open and flowing. you and your customers rely on it for key metrics and decision making, staying in touch with partners and customers, solving real-world collaboration problems, managing workers around the world, etc. the list of benefits and possibilities are endless when companies and individuals have proper access to information. this access would not be possible without a well thought out, engineered, and properly constructed communications infrastructure. that’s why more companies trust directline for the following services:












 







 













 







 
























 
















   we understand both the technology and the business needs that drive it—and we're here to help guide you through the entire project when you're looking for a plant communications specialist, you need someone you can
trust that’s on your side and who has been in your shoes  

































accomodating projects in the following regions: 




 






















years in business 






0













types of projects completed 



long distance fiberbroadband expansionfiber to the cellfiber to the premrural americaroad movesutility relocationsremote switch constructionsback haul 









feet of fiber buried 




 















directline will make sure you're ready to face the future. 



will your communications infrastructure be able to accommodate demands,changes and advancements in technology?







find out how

























group 19
created with sketch.



































home
expertise
about
careers
contact
employees
 







                        ©2025 directline – communication delivered                    

website design by 

























