




hypnosis louisville & lexington, ky




















 



































 
we accept:



main office: 
              4010 dupont circle suite 576  louisville, ky 40207 
              we currently have offices located in both:
louisville
                lexington






 
 



update: hypnotherapy sessions can be conducted in-office or remote via telehealth,
                 phone or e-consult. services also conducted via skype and zoom 




 


call us 502-379-5547 




 


why choose us? 




 



life is  short.â  problems are normal.â  you don't have the time or the money to waste  on some endless pursuit of "talking therapy" methods that sometimes  can be quite valuable in themselves; but only partially resolve some issues,  and are ineffective in solving many problems.


hypnotherapy is  a proven alternative integrated technique for resolving many problems  naturally.â  


hypnotherapist  jim wilson, m.a. believes in utilizing the powerful techniques of hypnosis to  completely and as rapidly as possible make the changes you desire. 


this will free  you to live a more abundant and fulfilled life. 


 you will be  successful in achieving your goals. 


jim is  experienced in resolving a wide variety of problems 
                      (see programs)


you will benefit  from his 29 years of experience in the practice of hypnotherapy and his 39  years of experience in the practice of clinical psychology.


you will receive  hypnotherapy that is based on sound principles of psychology.â  jim is licensed as a certified psychologist  by the commonwealth of kentucky.


he will not sell  you "packages" for services that you might not need.â  you will get the help you want and need.

 



jim wilson will  take the time to listen to you and get a good understanding of your problems,  and the obstacles you've encountered in trying to solve them in the past.  together we will come up with a practical customized hypnotherapy plan for  overcoming these obstacles and resolving these problems. 


jim will take  the time to explain how and why hypnosis works, so that you get a good  understanding and will achieve the results that you desire. 


he will support  you with any follow up sessions, if needed, so that the results you achieve are  lasting. often, follow-up sessions are not needed to achieve lasting results.


you will benefit  from a recording of the session, and from simple and easy  "self-hypnosis" training. 



 


make positive changes for freedom now!
 jim will try very hard to accommodate your schedule.  usually you can be seen within 48 hours for an appointment.  naturally, evening hours are more in demand and may require more notice.


 







  james wilson, m. a., l. m. f. t.   certified hypnotherapist   certified psychologist   licensed marriage & family therapist
          professional towers, 4010 dupont circle suite 576  louisville, ky 40207
          doctor's park   1517 nicholasville road suite 302     lexington, ky 40503

          502-379-5547         fax: 502-894-0530     email





 


