









corvette at the summit










 










		 


dear fellow corvette 
enthusiasts,

unfortunately, due 
to unforeseen circumstances, the 'corvettes at the summit' show 
will not be held 
in 2023.  alternate events are being discussed by the club and will be 
posted on this site if and when finalized. 

most importantly, 
thank you for your past support, which allowed us to make generous donations to 
camp able.

sincerely,

corvette legends 
club









 


the most beautiful corvette show venue in michigan 

 

see 
photos from the show here.


 presented by




click here for the corvette legends 
club web site
 

sponsored by:


click on this image for america's corvette 
king





  




				2021
				camp a.b.l.e. check presentation:

(left to right)  nancy, gary 
				(canton), taylor (camp a.b.l.e) and doug 


				2021
				sponsor trophy presentation:







 

left to right - paul jenkins (legends), brandon 
	(stanford), kevin (stanford) & doug morison (legends)
 
on behalf of corvette legends 
	club, we would like to thank les stanford chevrolet for sponsoring our 
	corvettes at the summit show.  
the show was held on july 10, 
	2021, at the summit heritage park in canton, mi. this was our 18th annual 
	all corvette show.  the weather and the show was perfect mainly because our 
	club members turned out to work the many positions that make the show one of 
	the best around.  thank you for supporting our show.
 
supported by:
 




 

 

please note that smoking 
and the use of aerial drones are not allowed in heritage park - thank you

 

 
profits from our 2021 show 
were 
proudly donated to:   
canton leisure services
camp a.b.l.e.







click here for link to camp a.b.l.e
camp a.b.l.e. is our state licensed summer camp 
designed for campers aged 8 to 14 years with disabilities.  for over 16 summers, 
this camp has been extremely successful and has set the precedent for 
therapeutic recreation camps to be modeled after throughout western wayne 
county.  participants take part in a variety of activities throughout the day, 
interacting with their peers, enhancing social skills, gross and fine motor 
skills, and gaining independence.  camp a.b.l.e. runs mondays thru fridays, and 
consists of three field trips per week (mondays, thursdays and fridays), with 
two days of specially planned activities at the camp site, and swimming at the 
summit aquatics center on tuesdays and wednesdays. for more information about 
camp a.b.l.e, please visit ‘canton therapeutic recreation’ on face book or 
www.cantonfun.org.   
 
 

thanks to mark madion 
- for the two videos of our show: 

click this image for a video of a previous 
summit show:















 

click this image for an aerial video of a 
previous summit show:



 
 

corvettes 
		at the summit show 
location:

 
		civic center 
		blvd, canton, mi 48188

canton center road south of 
		cherry hill

driving directions from i275 and ford road:


 

click here for the corvette legends 
club web site

contact corvettes at the summit webmaster

