










california art company | early to mid-century california art















































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footercalifornia art company
artworks
artists
about
sell
advisory
contact
california & american fine art

art advisory and dealer services

early california paintings, postwar abstract expressionism, mid-century, and modern fine art
california art company celebrates a rich 150-year history of art by well-listed, highly acclaimed california and american artists. we are proud to present artworks by important 19th, and early 20th-century impressionist and plein-air artists complemented with abstract and modern art from the postwar and mid-century eras.


view our
select offerings


        george olson (1876-1938)  "foothills through the trees" price: 3,250             richard haines (1906-1984)  "blue interior" price: $6,500      

california art company's "select offerings" consist of high-quality artworks presented with competitive secondary art market prices.  in addition, many of our "select offerings" have also received professional conservation treatment and are housed in exceptional frames.
all select offerings




mid-century paintings

ruth armer
emiko nakano
james grant
robert kaess
john hultberg
irene pattinson
emerson woelffer
william gaw
robert loberg
richard nelson
gordon onslow ford
john saccaro


 





 


early california paintings

franz bischoff
carl oscar borg
maurice braun
benjamin brown
paul dougherty
charles fries
thomas hill
clarence hinkle
emil kosa jr.
arthur mathews
edgar payne
elmer wachtel







"it was a great experience working with greg as i found him to be incredibly professional, knowledgeable, and honest.  he was prompt in returning my email inquiry, he followed up on calls and emails every step of the way, he walked me through the process and he was thorough in his explanation of all. whether it is a big or small transaction, greg treats his clients equally and spends the same amount of time with them. that in itself, rates up there in my book! i would highly recommend greg to anyone."
	- rory barish – beverly hills, california

all testimonials
questions?   |   join our mailing list


















first



last

email

questions or commentsnamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











73658




footercalifornia art company, llc
glendale, california
by appointment
greg colley, managing partner
(818) 398-7363 
greg@californiaartcompany.com
stay connected

 sitemap   •   private   •   ©2025 all rights reserved
 

































