







key poulan music












































home
music

marching band music
drum corps music
method books
indoor marching winds
indoor marching percussion
concert band
concert percussion
solo & ensemble


about key
clientele
faq
licensing
testimonials
staff
contact
 

































































key poulan music offers compositions and arrangements for high school marching band and drum corps. with key poulan music's "interlocking parts" music educators can tailor marching band music for their unique band sizes and skill levels. key poulan music's "interlocking parts" also allow various skill levels within one band to perform as a unit. advanced musicians are challenged while simultaneously performing with less experienced musicians on simplified parts. key poulan's musical style allows your band students to achieve at the highest level. key poulan music's "pit by the numbers®" is our exclusive system in adapting our percussion music to fit the various number of players within the percussion ensemble.
key poulan music was the first to offer regional exclusivity which paved the way for other companies to follow. with key poulan music's deferred billing, a director can get the band's marching band music immediately and pay in the fall once the new fiscal year has started.










key notes


easy guide to kpm video & audio licensing


basics! fundamentals method patches now in stock!


basics! (7th – 12th grade) assess all of the music fundamentals via smartmusic!


efficient rehearsals = better performances with kpm add-ons!


 



















                        copyright 2025 key poulan music
                    
with key poulan music's "interlocking parts", music educators can adapt marching band music for their unique band sizes and skill levels. key poulan's "interlocking parts" also allow various skill levels within one band to perform as a unit. high school marching band advanced musicians are challenged while simultaneously performing with less experienced musicians on simplified parts.





























×
modal title


				loading...
			
















