









margaret martin | author, speaker, coach – "helping people make positive change."

























































































home
programs
blog
store
contact us
about
testimonials
 

















you didn’t land here by accident…
hello and welcome to a place where healing, empowerment, and transformation take center stage. i’m margaret martin, your guide on this journey of self-discovery and growth.

i’ve dedicated my life to helping women heal from the scars of challenging relationships, whether with friends, parents, partners, or bosses. through my extensive experience as a certified life coach and trauma informed eft practitioner, i’ve witnessed incredible transformations.







my mission is clear: to help you release the fears and limiting beliefs that hold you back and regain your self-confidence. i’m here to guide you as you own your power, find your voice, and become the person you’re meant to be.
if you’re seeking guidance and support on your journey to healing and personal growth, i invite you to explore the services offered here. from one-on-one coaching to transformative group programs and webinars, there’s a path for everyone.
be sure to visit our product page where you can discover the wisdom and inspiration within the pages of my books and find an array of free resources, including guided meditations, and more. these offerings are designed to support your healing and personal growth journey.
i invite you to take the first step towards a brighter, more empowered future.
explore the website, absorb the knowledge, and, most importantly, take the time for yourself. your transformation begins here.
working with margaret . . .
“coaching doesn’t cost—it pays!i am amazed at the clarity with which i look at my life after our coaching sessions.  i am focused and more productive. thank you for helping me uncover and use the abilities and resources that have always been at my finger tips.” – financial planner, clearwater






thank you for being here. 
your journey to healing and empowerment starts now. 
welcome!











margaret martin | author, speaker, coach © 2024

terms of use | privacy policy





to top













































