       
	home
                  
        


an official county of ohio site: 
 here’s how you know ...




             official websites use cuyahogacounty.gov a cuyahogacounty.gov website belongs to an official government organization in the cuyahoga county of ohio.        secure .us or .gov websites use https a lock  or https:// means you've safely connected to the government website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.        the .gov means it's official. a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states            










 
when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.
















     









home


judges/magistrates


court rules


departments


resources


links








forms help

       




home



     




 maintenance notice
                     




 due to routine maintenance, websites may be unavailable on monday, february 17, 2025, from 6:00 am to 11:00 pm eastern.
 during this time, you may experience intermittent interruptions or find
 certain pages inaccessible. we apologize for any inconvenience.



         






 









  coming to court
view information on parking and access, ada access, security, virtual hearing, court policies and etiquette, attorneys, and language services.
 








 e-filing
e-filing allows an attorney or an authorized user with a valid account to file pleadings against an existing case or to file a new case over the internet.
 








 court docket
search by case or name in the case records search system of the cuyahoga county clerk of courts.
 









 




supported by the america 250-ohio commission, the domestic relations court’s time capsule semiquincentennial commemoration project will commemorate the importance of the ohio judiciary and celebrate the anniversary of our founding fathers adopting the declaration of independence.read more









representing yourself help center
forms, hearing information, cost to file, ordering a transcript, public defender information, virtual help center, and question submissions on cases.
 









divorce and dissolutions
ohio residents have the option of terminating their marriage through dissolution which requires advance mutual agreement, or through divorce.
 









parenting services
in all divorce, dissolution and legal separation actions where there are minor children the court will allocate parental rights and responsibilities for the care of the children.
 









domestic violence protection orders
assistance through the procedural process when seeking a domestic violence ex parte civil protection order.
 







          news and notes
        





judge francine b. goldberg, cuyahoga county domestic relations court reappointed to ohio supreme court commission





02/12/2025 - judge francine b. goldberg has been reappointed to the supreme court of ohio’s commission on technology and the courts to serve as the member nominated by the ohio association of domestic relations judges, for a three-year term beginning january 1, 2025, and ending december 31, 2027.
full story




cuyahoga county domestic relations court celebrates america’s 250th anniversary





the court is inviting the community to participate in the time capsule semiquincentennial commemoration project, funded through a grant by the america 250-ohio commission.

﻿
full story




local court manager receives national certification





11/13/2024 - administrative judge diane m. palos is pleased to announce that deputy court administrator justin seeton was among 32 court administrators, clerks, chief probation officers, and other leaders from across ohio to receive the certified court executive credential from the nationally recognized court management program (cmp).
full story




proposed amendment to local rule 7





10/25/2024 - the domestic relations division of the cuyahoga county court of common pleas is requesting comments regarding proposed amended local rule 7 (attorney of record).
full story





more news and notes



      





 
                   domestic relations court
                
      



	          domestic relations court
1 w. lakeside ave., cleveland, oh 44113
cleveland, oh 44113
                    





216-443-8800







follow us facebook twitter linkdin





site infocontact usparking & accessemployment





         