






classic rocking horses | traditional and handcarved


































skip to content 








						classic rocking horses
					


					handmade, traditional rocking horses for the discerning buyer. 
				
 










menu 
home
new rocking horses
antique rocking horses
identify old rocking horses



f h ayres rocking horses
lines rocking horses


restoration
testimonials
news
about
contact
 








classic rocking horses 

we specialise in classic rocking horses for the discerning buyer.  fine quality hand carved, traditional wooden new rocking horses, authentically restored antique rocking horses, or rocking horse restoration of your own treasured family rocking horse. 

our new classic rocking horses – dappled greys, are made using the finest materials and workmanship with patterns taken by us from the many victorian and edwardian rocking horses restored by us over the years. their turned heads, lively yet gentle faces, and the uniquely subtle, artistic quality of our paintwork, built up slowly in many layers, endear them to children and adults alike, quickly making them family friends and heirlooms.

if you prefer to buy an antique rocking horse, we have beautiful ayres and lines rocking horses, ranging from very small up to extra large, either already fully and sympathetically restored, or awaiting restoration to your own choice of colour and finish. large classic rocking horse, medium ayres and small ayres & collinson enjoying the sunshine in our north yorkshire garden.large classic rocking horse, medium ayres and small ayres & collinson enjoying the sunshine in our north yorkshire garden.

if your own rocking horse is in dire need of tender loving care, we shall be happy to quote for a full restoration to our very high standard. please take a look at the detailed restoration videos on our rocking horse restoration page.
we have happy rocking horse customers not only in the uk, but all over the world ( please see their rocking horse photos and comments on our customer testimonials page), many in australia, new zealand, canada and the usa.  we are always happy to quote for worldwide fine art packed delivery.

to order one of our new classic rocking horses, or a fully restored antique rocking horse, please contact us to discuss your requirements, either by phone or email.
uk mainland delivery is free of charge.  other destinations, worldwide at cost.  a deposit of 25% secures your order.  balance due 2 weeks before delivery.  we accept bank transfer, sterling cheques, and bankers drafts.











© 2025 classic rocking horses • built by classic rocking horses, thirsk, north yorkshire. england. tel: +44(0)1845 501330 email: info@classicrockinghorses.co.uk 












 






