



dixiedualsport































































about dds




join dds




florida traverse




devil's creek




cross-florida adv




join ama




sponsors / partners




gallery






alligator 1997





cross florida 2023





devils creek 2024





arkansas part 1 2024





arkansas part 2 2024





























































celebrating our 29th year in 2025!dds is about:dual sports, big adventure bikes, street bike riders, vintage riders,and, well, pretty much anyone who has an interest in anything related to motorcycles!we're about riders, by riders, for riders.all are welcome, it's what we do:explore new places, meet people, build friendships,and create lifelong memories.don't forget to join the conversation, make friends and go riding at thedixiedualsport club group on facebook.follow the media links at the bottom of the page.join the family here!dixiedualsport 














































dds events











dds conducts the premier events in florida. over 29 years of bringing people together riding florida, we've covered the state from top to bottom and side to side on both dirt and pavement. this experience is what makes dds events a cut above. if you want to see and experience the best florida has to offer,come ride with us!click an event to find out more!











































ama/beta devil's creeknational dual sport& ama/triumph national adv ride






march 1&2 2025, brooksville, fl**** sold out ****



















































ama/triumph florida traverse national adv ride






may 16/17, 2025, jasper, flregistration opens march 8



















































ama/triumph cross florida national adventure ride






nov 1/2, 2025  ormond beach, flregistration opens august 2 








































































your title here





















































your title here





















































your title here





















































your title here




















































dds members make this happen!








































































































































































































go to the menu and the gallery drop-down to see photos from events and dds tripshere are some teasers!



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































discover the nationals! the best dual sport and adventure events in america the ama national seriesdds is proud to be part of the national series
















































ama/beta national dual sport schedule






see complete national schedule



















































ama/triumph national adv schedule






see complete national schedule





















































you never know who you'll meet at a dds event!















































randy faul seat concepts/president florida trail riders

















































guy cooper: ama off road champion

















































bill hills organizer of  apollo mc wild bear dual sport

















































lynne plog: man about town

















































joe bromley from the ama

















































jack lambert: og dds!

















































rick stubblefield: mr birthday!

















































dave despain: motoworld and mavtv

















































lynne burton: arkansas 200 organizer

















































2025southern ds/adv schedule




looking ahead





january - broxton bridge dual sport - family rider - south carolina march 1/2 - ama national devil's creek ds & adv - dixiedualsportbrooksville, floridaapril 12/13 - ama national tower run - perry mtn mcmaplesville, alabamaapril - wild bear adventure - apollo mcy clubcocoa, floridamay - armenia dual sport - family ridersarmenia, south carolinamay 16/17 - ama national florida traverse adv ridejasper fl - ddsjune - chattahochee forest dual sport - gartrasuches, georgiajune - ama national arkansas 200 - arkansas dirt ridersnew blaine, arkansasoctober 4/5 - ama national shenendoah 500 - northern va trail riders - staunten, virginianovember 1/2 - ama national cross florida national adv ridedds - ormond beach, florida dec 6 santa's sleigh adv ride - tbd



















































come join the dds familyclick here

































































dixiedualsport














































