





twyla's friends






































































		skip to content










 
526 kingwood drive, #321, kingwood, tx 77339










 
donate now












facebook
 



instagram
 









 

search


 














 













homeadopt

our adoption processadoption considerationsavailable dogsadoption applicationhappy tailscourtesy postings
information





volunteer

volunteer opportunities 
 


foster

fosteringfoster application 
faqs

faqs 
 


donate

special needs dogssponsors 
about

about us 
 
 

lost & found

lostfoundre-home dogsresources
eventscontact










 
donate now


























welcome to twyla's friends 



canine rescue and adoptions 










featured dog of the month 



due to covid, we have suspended our twice monthly public meet and greets for the time being – dogs are available to meet for private meetups after an adoption application has been received and processed. please check upcoming events for details 







 





bambi 





german shepherd/carolina dog mix 



1.5 yrs 



male, neutered 







meet bambi: this gorgeous shepherd / carolina dog mix (we think), came into our program as a medical intake - he had come to the humble city shelter in horribly skinny condition (24 lbs), only to promptly suffer seizures and being taken to a vet. we took over his care from there - he was transferred to the er where doctors stabilized him and began looking for causes. bambi has glycogen storage disease - a rare metabolic disorder that prevents him from regulating his blood sugar at normal rate, causing it to drop quicker than normal, triggering seizures. this means that he has to eat in very... 







 



available, featured, medical 





 






view more available dogs













donate 



twyla’s friends is a small non-profit 501(c)3 all volunteer canine rescue/adoption organization dedicated to the responsible placement of stray and abandoned dogs that have come under our care. we receive no federal, state or local government financial support and all donations are tax deductible.donations are always appreciated and acknowledged. all dogs are thoroughly vetted and examined by our veterinarian, vaccinated, heartworm and fecal tested, spayed or neutered and microchipped. our adoption fee doesn’t even cover those basic expenses. 






read more ...


















foster 



twyla’s friends does not have a shelter or kennel facility and relies solely on foster homes. dogs fostered in homes have the advantage that they are learning house manners and rules from their foster parents and in return, the foster parents get to know the dog very well and can make the best possible match for a new family, as they know what their particular foster dog needs, likes, doesn’t like and is afraid of. 






read more ...









 









 





about us 



twyla's friends - who we are 



twyla’s friends is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization established in 1995. we are a small group of volunteers in the kingwood, tx area and our goal is and has been to help homeless dogs in our community. we do not have a physical shelter or kennel facility; instead are a network of dedicated foster homes that house dogs and transform them into valued members of the family. we are an all-volunteer organization with no paid members. 






read more ...












thank you for our sponsors 








 





 





 











 







 






 
526 kingwood drive #321, kingwood, tx 77339












© 2025 by twyla's friends. all rights reserved. 





website development by discover web solutions, llc. 
































