


bad shoe productions how to video series - ford transmissions & rears













home
products

9" rear
8.8" rear
c6
64 - 69 c4
70 later c4 - c5
aod
fmx
5.0l engine swap vol.1
5.0l engine swap vol.2
tremec t-5
drag race powerglide
aode/4r70w


downloads
tools
faq's

trans faq's
rear faq's
swap faq's


testimonials
past projects
contact
links
what's new





welcome to bad shoe productions
how to video series on ford transmissions and rears
i have produced and copyrighted videos on overhauling the ford c6, early and late c4/c5, aod, fmx and the t5 five speed transmission as well as rebuilding the ford 8.8"/9.75" rear axle and one on the 9" rear end. a two volume 5.0l engine swap series is available. building a drag race powerglide transmission is also available, and the latest video title is on overhauling the ford aode/4r70w transmission. if you want to know what badshoe is working on now, just go to what's new with badshoe.
also, please check out and join in my badshoe user group forum. i’m now selling parts and specialty tools so give these pages a look. i have more items not shown so just ask. if you have questions related to my video subjects contact me through the badshoe user group forum.

2025 brings a few changes to badshoe productions. in appreciation for 25 years in the automotive video repair business, i’m offering all single title downloads for $25.00 which is my lowest price ever. along with this anniversary sale, i’m still offering dvd sales and discounts on double title purchases for 2025. thank you so much for supporting me all these years. 

    ***badshoe’s pit pass***   new - download the complete library for only $139.00 - click for info
view short compressed video clips from each dvd in the badshoe series: video clips

        click on any image below for information on that dvd.


9" rear

8.8" rear
c6 trans
64 - 69 c4 trans
70 later c4 - c5 trans
aod trans
5.0l engine swap vol.1

5.0l engine swap vol.2

fmx trans
tremec t-5
drag race powerglide
aode/4r70w trans

*badshoe’s pit pass*
*badshoe’s pit pass*download the complete library for only $139.00 click for info
specialty tools
transmission parts


click for info on buying two dvds or downloads at a discounted price
ken collins
hi, my name is kenneth collins, i'm an amateur still photographer, videogragher and a ford senior master technician with over 40 years of experience. i've built dune buggies, a drag car and have been in the street rodding hobby. my interest in videography along with my career as a ford technician, has come together in my how to video projects.




my first video was shot in 1998 on overhauling the c6 transmission. it was filmed with a hi8 sony camcorder and edited on very modest equipment. this video was produced in my garage at home with help from my daughter krystal. 
since then i've made more videos using all digital film and editing equipment. i plan to produce one or two new "how to " films a year. i've tried to shoot the videos to show techniques and tips like i would have wanted to see when i was coming up in the car business. the videos are geared for both the hands on car guy and people who are always looking for more technical information.
please visit the links below. thanks!







  






 



follow ken on facebook



home |
products |
 
downloads | tools |
trans faq's |
rear faq's |
5.0l swap faq's |
testimonials |
past projects |
contact | links | 
what's new © copyright bad shoe productions
 - all rights reserved



 



