








	furniture news & information source - furniture world magazine



























over
                            155
                            years of service to the furniture industry





















































articles
                    

finance articles
marketing articles
furniture world operations articles
furniture world sales education articles
furniture world sales management articles

furniture world magazine authors
furniture world magazine article series
furniture industry archived articles
furniture industry archived news



news


events


digital editions


subscriptions


about
                    

about us
contact us



forum


search










furniture news & information source




furniture industry news





digital tip #8 from orbit interactive: a guide to creating and effectively using a content calendar


                step-by-step approach helps businesses stay organized and maintain a consistent content strategy
            




















gabby barrett and sister sledge to headline center stage at spring market

                hpma debuts its market-at-market shopping experience in the center stage arena.
            




















governor pritzker visits darvin furniture to discuss potential impact of tariffs

                illinois governor meets with business leaders at employee-owned retailer in orland park.
            




















dutchcrafters recognized in 2024 best of north atlanta awards

                company honored for best customer service, best place to work, and best furniture/home décor
            


































houzz report shows optimism for 2025 despite industry-wide revenue decline in 2024

                construction and design professionals anticipate increased demand and revenue growth in the coming year.
            




















mueller furniture & mattress completes remodel of historic belleville location

                family-owned business invests in showroom updates and enhanced customer experience.
            




















ashley expands wanek best private expo to prospective partners

                event to showcase new product innovations and business opportunities in vietnam.
            




















j.b. hunt celebrates 35 years of intermodal service

                company reflects on service origins, progress and continued innovation
            


































decorating den interiors names 2024 franchise owner of the year and top sales achievers

                annual awards recognize top-performing franchises and designers across the u.s. and canada.
            




















inovabed's new dealer program empowers furniture retailers with luxury space-saving solutions

                manufacturer that has sold thousands of products to resorts, including disney, makes its table beds, wall beds and extended sofa beds available through furniture retailers. 
            




















january 2025 furniture insights report from smith leonard

                "it’s difficult to know the extent of the impact the tariffs will have on the furniture industry and overall economy if fully implemented."
            




















andmore presents updated home offerings and immersive programming at spring 2025
high point market

                with more than 1,100 permanent showrooms and temporary exhibits, andmore presents an impactful combination of home furnishings resources and educational and community experiences at the spring high point market.
            



































gardner white to launch new brand concept, gw home, in downtown detroit

                first brick-and-mortar location to open on woodward avenue in spring 2025.
            




















j.b. hunt named to dow jones sustainability north america index

                company recognized for environmental and social performance.
            




















furniture mart usa expands with acquisition of becker furniture

                addition of seven minnesota stores brings total locations to 67 across six states.
            




















gold bond appoints stacy pedersen cfo 


                pedersen joins the independent mattress manufacturer from the technology industry, where she worked for the past 15 years.
            


































meridian furniture partners with gardner white to furnish chalet 313 in downtown detroit

                high-profile pop-up lounge at campus martius park features meridian’s modern designs.
            




















furniture industry veteran michael burton shares his healthcare journey at city of hope

                burton’s story is a testament to the power of innovation, community, and the human spirit at the furniture industry-supported coh.
            




















lofty design expo debuts in february at miami beach convention center

                among the exhibitors at lofty are forty of the top furniture manufacturers from inegol province of turkey. 
            




















texas judge clears the way for tempur sealy to buy mattress firm

                rejects claim by ftc that merger deal will hurt consumers.
            




















more news







cover photo:
click here
to explore the flip-page edition. the sterling west collection from furniture of
america, in an ash gray multi-coat finish, is distinguished by its soft,
rounded edges. for more
information, see page six in this issue or visit www.foagroup.com.


this month's issue



adapting to change in 2025


                                actionable strategies and predictions to help your retail business thrive and expand market share in 2025.
                            



design & designer series: fs forecast 2025-2026


                                kristen moonjian and jaye anna mize of fs present five design themes to watch out for in 2025-2026, plus much more.
                            



what’s in store for 2025


                                tom liddell looks at some of the challenges and opportunities, providing insights into what may be in store for retailers in 2025.
                            



better bedding & mattress sales: catalog power!


                                here’s how mattress stores can increase sales by setting up catalog stations to sell furniture without increasing floor space or overhead.
                            



retail success: room to room


                                running the show is lisa hawkins. she cares for and about people, says what she means and gets customers to tell her what they think.
                            



next-level training: engaging with shoppers


                                build reciprocity at the beginning of the sale by giving valuable information to shoppers who’ve researched online and believe they know it all.
                            



hfa reports: advanced online engagement strategies


                                with the right strategies and tools, retailers can elevate their online presence and drive lasting success, said a panel of experts assembled by hfa.
                            



retailer observer: every four years


                                marketing lessons from the recent election cycle can help you to remind them how and where they can find calm and comfort throughout 2025.
                            



editor’s corner: feel the fanta!


                                connecting with shoppers in 2025.
                            



furniture industry events


expo mueble internacional 2025
2/19/2025
                                -
                                2/22/2025




2025 malaysian international furniture fair (miff)
3/1/2025
                                -
                                3/4/2025




vifa expo – vietnam international furniture & home accessories fair 2025
3/5/2025
                                -
                                3/8/2025




hawaexpo 2025
3/5/2025
                                -
                                3/7/2025




2025 northern indiana woodcrafters association show niwa
3/11/2025
                                -
                                3/12/2025



all events

























subscribe to furniture world


                                        © 2006 -
                                2025, all rights reserved
                                        furniture world magazine
                                        1333-a north avenue
                                        new rochelle, ny 10804
                                        914-235-3095
                                        fax: 914-235-3278
                                        e-mail: russ@furninfo.com
                                        last updated: 2/18/2025
                                    
consent preferences
cookie policy
privacy policy
terms of use


site designed by armanda designs



click below to view current digital edition















sign up for furniture industry news!






keep up to date with the latest industry news, retail tips, pre-market information and articles from the editors at furniture world magazine. we will also send you occasional invitations and offers from furnishings manufacturers and industry suppliers. your information will not be shared or used for any other purpose.
please select your primary business below to get the latest home furnishings industry news at no charge.


retail list


manufacturer/importer/ industry supplier









