













admiral flag poles and flags american made shipped free





























 














  

call us: 1-800-783-7653 












admiral flag poles, inc.

residential and commercial flag poles and flags – since 1966









 

menu
home
residential

residential aluminum flag poles
residential fiberglass flag poles
residential sectional flag poles
residential wall mount flag poles


commercial

light commercial aluminum flag poles
medium duty aluminum flag poles
architectural aluminum flag poles
hurricane series aluminum flag poles
anchor base aluminum flag poles
monster steel flag poles
commercial fiberglass flag poles


internal halyard

winch aluminum flag poles
cam cleat aluminum flag poles
monster steel flag poles
fiberglass internal halyard flag poles


nautical

aluminum nautical flag poles
fiberglass nautical flag poles


indoor/parade

u.s. flag pole sets
state flag sets
religious flag sets
ornaments – cross
ornaments – eagle
ornaments – spear
ornaments – others
oak flag poles
aluminum flag poles
flag pole stands
cord and tassels
parade accessories


flags

american – nylon
american – polyester
american signature
american stick flags
american – indoor
state & territory
state flags – indoor
custom flags
foreign flags
historic flags
marine use flags
message flags
military flags
support flags
religious flags
flag cases
grave markers


parts

parts package
ball ornaments
eagle ornaments
external halyard trucks
internal halyard trucks
halyard: rope and cable
flag snap hooks
cleats & covers
internal halyard cam cleat parts
winch parts
flag pole base collars
foundation tubes
wall brackets and lawn sockets


checkout
 












commercial flag poles
high quality, american made aluminum flag poles for commercial locations. 


shop now








residential aluminum flag poles
high quality, american made aluminum flag poles for home and small businesses. 


shop now












american made flag poles, flags, and parts

flag poles and flags made for residential and commercial applications. produced from aluminum and fiberglass designed to provide superior strength and beauty, and last for many years to come. shipped directly to your home, business, school, government office, church, apartment community , cemetery or construction site. constructed from the highest quality materials to provide years of trouble free service. proudly made in the usa. buy flag poles and flags from a trusted company that has been in business since 1966.





 




residential flag polescommercial flag polesinternal halyard flag poles




 which fiberglass or aluminum flag pole for sale is right for you? our highly trained sales staff is available to assist you with your purchase and answer any questions. whether you need assistance selecting the best items, site planning, installation or maintenance, we are here to help. you’ll buy flag poles with confidence knowing that our more than 52 years of experience has assisted you on your project.

not only do we have more than 100 years combined experience, we stock the most popular one piece flag poles for sale in our warehouse. free shipping directly from our door to yours. turn around times are fast, most standard aluminum flag pole orders ship in 24-48 hours. need your order to arrive in days, not weeks like some of our competitors then give us a call.   
we don’t stop at just selling flag poles! we have a large selection of replacement flag pole parts and the most popular flags. if you can’t find what you are looking for on our site, give us a call and if we can’t get it, then we can custom make it. 
residential flag pole installation video
commercial flag pole installation video








american flagsstate flagsmilitary flags




 









product search

search inventory for keyword(s):


match all words
match whole words only
match any words



facebook






 admiral flag poles, inc.4.9based on 12 reviewspowered by facebook                    review us onjeffrey beckley16:54 03 may 24what a great company, purchased a flagpole and two flags. i could not be happier with the service and the quality of...  their product. i recently purchased two more flags at separate times and ”rick” personally emailed me to let know that they will be shipping them together. i mean who does that? that’s unheard of. you will not be disappointed trust me.read moreroger collingwood10:33 11 jun 22what a wonderful experience! i would highly recommend this company. they are  true flag company, not worried about how...  much money they can get from you. they are focused on what will make you happier and what works best for you situation. just a wonderful old fashioned customer service oriented company.read moreruss schweickert13:52 28 feb 21shipped in one day to illinois, no issues. looks great. love it and great customer service.rusty alexander21:39 02 aug 20awesome product! as most of you know it’s getting harder and harder to find a decent company to spend your money with....  most of the time you get ripped off or let down. not the case with admiral! seriously, one of the best experiences i’ve had buying something sight unseen. these guys build an exceptional product at a great value. everything went smoothly. don’t hesitate! this pole is their 25 ft light commercial pole in bronze. the install was a bit challenging but i installed it myself. i went a little crazy on the hole. it’s about 4x3x5 set in about 2000 pounds of concrete. if this pole comes down we have major problems! every single piece of hardware they provided was top notch. again, if you’ve made the commitment to install a top quality made in usa flag pole, then don’t hesitate with admiral.read morepat marker03:06 10 jul 20one of the best online purchases i have made.  i had numerous questions concerning what type, size and color that i...  should get.  rick answered every question and even answered questions i didn't even know i had.  at no point did i feel rushed or pressured to make a purchase.  i placed my order on sunday evening, by wednesday we had our flagpole.  placing the pole was an easy process and really only takes two people to raise the pole.  if you are looking for a flagpole, look no further than admiral!read morebob daniel18:41 29 may 20i have purchased six flag poles from admiral flag poles.  two in ne ohio where the winters get nasty and the winds off...  lake erie can get dicey.  no problems.  one in nw florida.  yes, we got some wind in fl!  again, no problems.i moved again and ordered one for my home in mississippi.  we live near the gulf. you guessed it, lots of wind!  today i received two more.  i'm putting them at the entrance to our development.  there's a lot of ex and active military in the biloxi area.  these are the 25', 4" diameter poles.  if you are going to buy a flag pole, buy from admiral.  quality product at a reasonable price.  all of mine have been one piece construction, not the collapsible kind.read morenate magoto20:48 24 may 20i called and talk to a gentleman about a flag pole and decided to order a 25’ flags pole kit. it was delivered and...  sitting in my front yard 22 hrs later. unbelievable!! 100% all american from start to finish. exactly everything i could ask for. thank you for what you do. i recommend you to everyone 🦾read morebrian mollenkopf21:22 20 may 20great customer service and awesome product.   god bless the usa!ginger miller wortman19:36 03 oct 19incredible company to work with! we had a leaning flagpole at one location and needed a new install at another...  location; their insight and experience is invaluable! their recommendations were spot on for our needs.read morelaurianne strapp rieser12:29 14 aug 18great owner and friend rick hennetaylor wright23:21 03 aug 18i've bought 2 flagpoles from these guys. in 2016 i got a 20'x4" flagpole for my eagle scout project and here recently...  2018 i purchased a 25'x3" flagpole for my mom and dad's house. hopefully i will be getting my own here soon. i will definitely come back to admiral for another one, because they are so helpful and friendly. they are also usa made which is a big plus.read moredarren koele23:54 19 jul 15i just walked right in and requested to see the product before purchase. they were very accommodating to my request and...  helpful in answering all my questions, even the seemingly mundane ones. i came back about a month later and made my purchase right in their building. the product arrived on time, and even though the pole was self-installed, they performed the assembly right in my driveway. i'll i had to do was install the pole and raise old glory 25 feet over my property.thank you very much solid friendly service. it was much appreciated and look forward to making future flag purchases from you.i wish i could post pictures here, but i'll try on main page if appropriate.read moresee all reviews google reviews admiral flag poles, inc.5.0based on 22 reviewspowered by googlereview us onbrett nash10:55 09 apr 20great company to order from, excellent communication and customer service.  would definitely order from this company again!terry pope16:09 07 apr 20we love our admiral flag pole! this is true quality and the customer service deserves a 5 star rating. they are prepared to walk you through the selection process to delivery. the flag pole was very easy to install! rick and chris really made this a great experience for us. thanks guys! keep doing what you do!jodi nesbitt20:38 04 dec 19highly recommend this company. they are knowledgeable, efficient, reasonably priced and honest. we are loving our new flag pole!scott rehm19:19 25 nov 19what a great all american company.  i have no idea how to repair a flagpole.  admiral flagpole took me into their shop and showed me how to add the clips, measured the rope and had great suggestions on how to get the rope restrung.  overall these guys are honest, helpful and go out of their way to save you money.  you are in great hands if you work with these professionals!!amy rees18:52 25 oct 19awesome!  admiral flag poles did a wonderful job.  rick provided detailed information about install, product choices and price.  no surprises.  i had many questions and admiral flag poles was always happy to take my call. the customer service is exceptional and their product is quality.  i highly recommend admiral flag poles  you will not be disappointed.anita goodman18:38 21 oct 19admiral flag poles is an excellent company with superior customer service and they supply an excellent product.  they were also very helpful in supplying a beautiful commercial grade flag pole and flags for our church.  they are a 1st rate company and supporter of our veterans!!!  super great bunch of guys to work with.jane cera11:38 20 oct 19rick was terrific at each step of the process. he visited the site, fielded many calls with questions and demonstrated a ton of flexibility around scheduling our install. we got a great product at a fair price with excellent service. can’t beat it.ted hartman23:05 30 sep 19absolutely the best to work with in purchasing, delivering, and walking you through the process of capping off your property with a beautiful flag pole.  the product is great and rick henne went above and beyond in getting our pole out here.  we could not be happier.  thank you so much rick and admiral flag poles.scott loveless14:01 27 sep 19these guys know their product, the industry and do all they can to make your flagpole-buying experience a success. had an initial 30 min conversation where all my questions were answered. the packaging and instructions were first-rate!clayton adams14:03 23 sep 19great company with high quality products. rick made the entire process very easy and took out all of the guesswork when choosing my new pole. highly recommend if you’re looking to add a flagpole on your property.john hagan23:21 16 sep 19admiral flag is hands down one of the best businesses i’ve had the privilege of dealing with! rick went above and beyond to insure my self installation went well and it sure did. great pricing on all of the hardware and flags. thanks again rick!casey smith19:36 16 aug 19great service and quality! very knowledgeable and passionate about their business. big thanks to rick for his constant communication and patience.beverly haygood16:31 10 jul 19excellent products and over the top customer service!! been customers for 10+ years!robert14:24 23 may 19great flagpoles,flags, flagpole was damaged during shipping refused delivery. called rick about it sent him some photos of the package, he got me setup for a different pole, great customer service!paul harper20:57 03 may 19great company to buy from. easy purchase fast delivery even to louisiana.chris mathis17:50 24 apr 19we have been using this company for many years. the quality and service are always excellent. we particularly like their historical flag selection and enjoy rotating those under old glory.dan quill18:13 23 apr 19i placed an online order for a flag pole kit.  it was far more inferior than i anticipated, not at all what i thought i was ordering.  i contacted customer service at admiral flag poles where my concerns were handled quickly and very professionally by the representative by name "rick."  this company has the best quality customer service department i have encountered ever.  rick has resolved my concerns and has initiated replacement of what i was actually looking for.  thank you, admiral flag poles.  john dan quill, garland, txdustin newland16:21 19 sep 18taylor wright12:26 23 mar 18wonderful company. i bought a flagpole for my eagle scout project here and it was a wonderful product i like it so much i am planning on buying another flagpole for my house.-great quality-great people-great pricechuck herron19:15 11 mar 16three years ago i decided to install a high quality 22/20 foot flag pole at my home in california. after much research  i chose admiral flag pole, inc.  when the items were delivered i knew i had made a great decision. the aluminum pole was beautiful and the hardware was clearly of high quality.after the installation i agreed to help a neighbor install one in their yard. when their pole was delivered it was apparent that it had been damaged in transit. i called admiral pole to explain the situation. they immediately made arrangements for a replacement and a pick up of the damaged one.from these experiences i would highly recommend admiral flag pole. they have excellent customer service and very high quality products.since that time i have helped a son install an 25' admiral pole at his home in washington state. again, great service.now 3 years later my pole is still as beautiful as the day i installed it.if you want quality products with great customer service admiral flag poles is the place to do business.chuckglendale, california            more reviews          









trust our experience we’ve been in the flag and flagpole business for over 50 years. you can trust that our customer service team is courteous, knowledgeable and experienced enough to answer any questions you may have.






 

quick menuhome
shipping information
returns
installation instructions
contact us
privacy policy
view cart/checkout
 


contact information

admiral flag poles, inc.5795 westbourne ave.columbus, oh 432131-800-783-76531-614-864-7653
 






copyright 2022 admiral flag poles, inc. 
home
shipping information
returns
installation instructions
contact us
privacy policy
view cart/checkout
 








