








 


active-plumbing singapore | #1 professional plumbing services







































































 


 




 hotline: +6587995589 | email: hello@activeplumbing.sgyour trusted plumber singapore   plumber singapore  about active-plumbing emergency plumber reviews | testimonials hdb plumbing private house plumbing commercial plumbing charges   leakage  pipe leakage  exposed pipe leakage concealed pipe leakage ceiling pipe leakage underground pipe leakage   drainage pipe leakage faucet | tap leakage sink | basin leakage toilet bowl leakage water heater leakage   blockage  drain | floor trap blockage sink | basin blockage toilet bowl chokage shower screens chokage bathtub chokage balcony chokage manhole chokage toilet smell   sanitary ware  type of water pipe  copper pipe stainless steel pipe pvc pipe other pipes   faucet / water tap  kitchen sink tap bathroom basin tap bathroom shower tap 2 way tap b-tap | washing machine tap   toilet bowl  s-trap toilet bowl p-trap toilet bowl wall hung toilet bowl cistern | flush system   bathroom basin  counter top basin wall hung basin   kitchen sink   water heater  instant water heater storage water heater multipoint water heater gas water heater   other services  electrical services   contact  email faq   blog plumbing services locations singapore    



active-plumbingdelivers elite
“plumbing services”for home owners and businesses

call us now





we can help youprofessional plumbing services.plumbing issues?whether you're planning a renovation or simply need routine maintenance on your home or business' mechanical system, active-plumbing has the service offerings you need.



emergency plumberwhen you have a plumbing emergency, finding the right plumber for the job is essential. not all plumbers are created equal...




leakagea leaking faucet or burst pipe is an issue that affects every homeowner. because the water in supply pipes is pressurized...




blockagea clogged drain is definitely annoying because it means the sewage cannot be drained away and the environment is polluted...





about usexperience licensed plumber & contractorcoming with 25 years’ experience in the trade, active-plumbing provides 24 hours round the clock plumber engineering services in singapore. with our excellent, professional services, we hope to bring immediate help to our customers. check out our list of
services, you may also check our detailed plumbing services and prices. call our friendly customer service agent now for quotations!24 hours service (plumbing service, electrical service)immediate response180 days warranty

call us now






water heaterwater heater is one of singapore's most popular household appliances. it provides hot water on demand, which is very convenient...




active-plumbingdo you need a plumber in singapore that you can count on? active-plumbing is the company to call! we are island wide's leading plumbers...




chargesmost of the maintenance costs are actually based on on-site assessment of the size, severity and difficulty of the work...







hdb residential servicessince the birth of the first hdb in singapore in 1961, for decades, whether it is water pipes or sewers,...




private residential servicesanyone that owns a home understands that plumbing issues can never be foreseen...




commercial servicesno job is too large for active-plumbing. commercial properties need professional plumber just like...





approachmost reliable plumbing services supply in singaporehdb plumbing and sanitary fixture repair, installation, and replacement for both private residential, commercial, and industrial structuresplugging of pipe water leakagepipe installationmanual labor or machine-assisted clearance of clogged pipes, basins, toilet bowls, floor traps, maintenance holes, and other items to free themwater taps, mixer taps, piping, bottle traps, flexible hoses, sinks, basin bowls, urinal bowl covers, flush cisterns and toilet attachments may be necessary.water heaters ( instant or storage) and dustbins will be supplied and installed.replacement of pipes from the chimney to every room in the home. pipe materials include copper, pvc, or stainless steel.replacement of toilet flooring, shower screens, and other bathroom hardware

call us now




testimonialscheck what our clients say about us














































post list




water leaking behind the kitchen cabinet







conceal copper pipe leaking – 7 powerful ways to fix it now







7 common causes of underground leaking pipes







why your hdb toilet drain smells after use: causes and solutions





we’d love to talk about what matters to you.




first name







email address







message






submit message




  coming with 25 years of experience in the trade, active-plumbing provides 24 hours round clock plumber engineering services in singapore. with our excellent, professional services, we hope to bring immediate help to our customers.                             copyright © 2025 active-plumbing singapore. all right reservedquick links            home        about        blog        resources               privacy policy        terms & conditions        disclaimer   recent blog posts water leaking behind the kitchen cabinet  conceal copper pipe leaking – 7 powerful ways to fix it now  7 common causes of underground leaking pipes  why your hdb toilet drain smells after use: causes and solutions  how to unclog a bathroom drain in five minutes! contactlocation: 680 upper thomson road, singaporephone: +6587995589email: hello@activeplumbing.sg  



















>

	

































whatsapp us












 











call now button
















 

