
































































agriculture news | kearneyhub.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-6°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



agriculture



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary 




opinion


letters



editorial



columnists



cartoons



submit a letter




sports


high school



high school scores and schedules



college



unk



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



agriculture news


sponsored features


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



special sections



archives




buy & sell


place an ad 



jobs



platte valley auto



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



photo submissions



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

platte valley auto









-6°
light snow














local
crime
state
politics
business
education
nation & world





                
                agriculture news
                
                    


















        
        
            photos: life on the farm in kearney

a collection of photos from the life on the farm event at the buffalo county fairgrounds on april 16, 2024. this engaging, educational event is designed explicitly for kps third graders, offering a full-day immersive experience into the world of agriculture. 

















        
        
            oodles of ribbons at the buffalo county fair

four kelliher kids and their chickens, sheep and a miniature hereford - and more - win a collective 86 ribbons at the buffalo county fair. 


















        
        
            photos: goats, horses and more at the buffalo county fair

the buffalo county fair continues today. 

















        
        
            water, power merger vote falls short as packed house watches

a vote that would have put the merger of two major power districts back on track failed friday during a packed meeting at cnppid headquarters in holdrege.

















        
        
            gothenburg fertilizer plant chose to work with merged districts

as a merged district, prppid will be able to generate clean renewable energy and distribute it to project meadowlark, resulting in about 10% of the liquid fertilizer facility’s energy use.

















        
        
            water users oppose central-dawson merger

a recent survey revealed that 93% of a water users group served by central nebraska public power & irrigation oppose the proposed merger with dawson public power district.

















        
        
            can't find your way? look for house with 'all the flowers'

kim and gerald rehtus say they receive some of the best compliments when folks say things like, “turn left at the house with all of the flowers.”























        
        
            mean bulls, bareback bravado at sumner rodeo




steer wrestling, bull riding and barrel racing were among the lively events at the sumner saddle club's 72nd annual rodeo july 3-4.




















        
        
            punching above its weight: gothenburg lands $750m fertilizer plant




gothenburg was in the groove last week when jwc gburg llc announced plans to build a $750 million plant to produce liquid fertilizer in gothenburg.




















        
        
            extension ag land management, leasing workshop scheduled in grand island




the workshop will cover current nebraska cash rental rates and land values, best practices for agricultural leases and other contract considerations.




















        
        
            nebraska corn board plans june meeting at kaapa in kearney




the board will conduct regular board business, consider funding requests and set the budget for fiscal year 2023-24.

























        
        
            usda has long-term options for some producers




clear30 allows producers and landowners enrolling certain water quality practices to enroll in 30-year contracts, extending the lifespan and strengthening the benefits of important water quality practices on their land.




















        
        
            marketech 2023 conference focuses on tourism, marketing




as part of the marketech 2023 conference, keynote speaker sarah calhoun of red ants pants will be speaking for the very first time in nebraska.




















        
        
            citizens opposed to the merger postpones meeting due to potential storm




the new meeting date for citizens opposed to the merger of central nebraska public power and irrigation district and dawson public power district will be at 10 a.m. jan. 25. 






























        
        
            citizens opposed to the merger postpones meeting due to potential storm

the new meeting date for citizens opposed to the merger of central nebraska public power and irrigation district and dawson public power district will be at 10 a.m. jan. 25. 

















        
        
            fsa taking applications for drought losses

farmers who suffered grazing impacts should contact fsa as soon as possible to apply for help through the steps to file  applications for drought and fire related assistance with their losses.


















        
        
            photos: 53rd annual gateway farm expo

the first day of the 53rd annual gateway farm expo at the buffalo county fairgrounds in kearney included a free barbecue, live music and lots of agricultural booths. 

















        
        
            despite objections, leaders approve central, dawson power merger

at today’s meeting in elwood, irrigators in the central district complained that the two years of studying and considering the merger was hasty.

















        
        
            public can learn about central, dawson power's merger

the fourth and final votes could send the proposed merger for approval by the nebraska power review board. if approved, the merger could be implemented in 2023.

















        
        
            demand for ag education programs growing in kearney area, nebraska

an interest in agriculture education programs in nebraska schools is growing, with nine new programs added this year, leading to high demand for qualified teachers.













                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            cancelled classes for young and old in kearney


















        
        
            nitrate threat in drinking water persists in rural nebraska, and in some cases it's worse


















        
        
            former chi health doctor charged with child sex crimes















                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            best of kearney 2025
























        
        
            in nebraska, crop producers and educators partner up on field research projects

“farmers have a lot of great ideas” that are best tested on their own ground, said sarah sivits, a unl extension cropping systems educator for dawson, hall and buffalo counties. 

















        
        
            nebraska's corn crop forecast at record 1.82b bushels

nebraska’s 2020 corn crop is forecast at a record 1.82 billion bushels, based on nov. 1 conditions.

















        
        
            farm & ranch plains edition november 2020
















        
        
            nebraska's soybean harvest almost finished, corn nearly two-thirds complete

nebraska’s soybean harvest was almost done and corn picking was nearly two-thirds complete as of sunday, according to the u.s. department of agriculture’s national agricultural statistics service.

















        
        
            nebraska's soybean harvest half done, corn started

soybean harvest was more than half done and nearly one-fourth of corn had been picked as of sunday.

















        
        
            commercial hemp-growing new industry for nebraska, but fda tells consumers 'buyer beware'

commercial hemp is an industry still in its infancy that sells cannabinoid products not approved by the u.s. food and drug administration. so, the message to consumers is “buyer beware” when shopping at stores selling cbd, cbg and similar products.





more agriculture news



























×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

event calendar

join our team

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

legal notices

contact us

submission forms

licensing

curated commerce

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        kearney hub, 21 w. 21st st.  kearney, ne 68847
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe































