



alliance française d'albuquerque


















bienvenue a l'alliance francaise d'albuquerque!  home









 
the
        alliance française of










albuquerque, new mexico













membership information
contact us
events
newsletter
 

adult class offerings
french for children
test d’evaluation de français
 

the library
af 60th anniversary
gift cards
donations








bienvenue à l’alliance française d’albuquerque !
    visit our facebook page for upcoming events.
you are invited to become a member of the alliance française d’albuquerque! the alliance française d’albuquerque, founded 60 years ago, is our local, independent chapter of the international federation of alliances françaises, the largest network of french language and cultural centers in the world. with over 800 chapters established in more than 130 countries, the alliance française is dedicated to promoting french language and culture, and to fostering friendly relations between francophones and francophiles of all racial, ethnic and national origins. the alliance française school and the french for children program admit students of any race, color, sexual orientation or ethnic background.
click here to become a member.
the alliance school offers courses in french on all levels taught by highly qualified instructors who are native or near-native speakers. we offer a diverse array of classes for adults and children (click on the appropriate link).
most alliance classes, tutoring and events are currently taking place via zoom; however this spring we are offering some in-person classes and hope to offer some in-person events. our french library and our classroom are conveniently located between menaul and candelaria at 2917 carlisle ne, suites 110 and 211. (please use the west entrance at the top of the stairs for 211, our library, or the south entrance off the south parking lot for 110, our classroom, and look for the buzzer marked alliance française). minimum enrollment is 5 students; maximum enrollment is 10 students. the textbooks used in each course are available for purchase in our office.
click here for information on upcoming social events, such as our monthly conversation hours (known as the “café causette”), lectures, film screenings and other online events. for the latest news about the alliance and its members, ask to receive our newsletter, le lien.
we are located at the carlisle offices at
2917 carlisle blvd. nesuites 110 & 211albuquerque, new mexico 87110(505) 872-9288
click here for directions to our office.
for additional questions not answered on our website, visit our contact us webpage, and enter your inquiry in the form provided.








home








