



landscaping and garden design software and apps | pro landscape+

























landscaping and garden design software and apps | pro landscape+









































































































 















contact | spanish









 























software
tablet apps
support
about
contact
demo
get started →
 
















 










software
tablet apps
support
about
contact
demo
get started →












introducing
pro landscape+


















the industry-leading landscape design software is now even better and more affordable!


subscribewatch video




















special offer for new subscribers
$150 off annual subscription w/ code great2025
only $62.50/mo your first year.












all-in-one









pro landscape+ is the most comprehensive landscape design software








whether it’s impressing a customer with a photo imaging project, creating a cad drawing for a large commercial project, up-selling with a night lighting design, creating a stunning 3d rendering, designing right in front of the customer on your tablet, or presenting a complete, professional proposal, pro landscape+ can do it all.



















key software features




photo imaging
easy-to-use cad
1-click proposals
tablet apps
3d rendering
lighting design

explore features








run pro landscape+ on your pc
review our system requirements for additional mac installation setup










we’re always adding new features
learn more about what’s new in pro landscape+










multi-purpose









the perfect solution for all your landscape design needs








pro landscape software serves multiple user types, from contractors designing custom projects to garden centers enhancing customer experiences and schools training future professionals. its versatility supports diverse needs, making it essential for landscape design and education.









contractors, designers, & architects →

professional designers use pro landscape+ for all of their residential or commercial landscape design projects, regardless of the size or scale.
learn more









garden centers & retail stores →

design right in your garden center on either a computer or a tablet. pro landscape+ is so easy to use that any of your employees can create a design quickly that is sure to impress your customers.
learn more









high schools & colleges →

pro landscape+ is taught widely, offering students an easy, fun way to learn industry-leading design software and gain a competitive edge after graduation.
learn more










adaptable
landscape design apps for professionals


















pro landscape is the leader in landscape design apps. we offer two landscape design apps for professionals giving you the flexibility to design and bid on site – right with the customer! one app is included with your subscription to pro landscape+ whereas the other is completely standalone.
both apps let you create stunning photo imaging or cad designs that will impress any customer in minutes. take a picture with existing landscaping and then use our powerful cutout tools to cover that up so you can create a new design that is sure to impress.
















pro landscape companion app
pro landscape companion is a free landscape design app that is included with pro landscape+.


learn more













pro landscape contractor app
this standalone app offers the same functionality as companion app for users without the full software.


learn more







max roi
pro landscape+ is the best value in design software










flexible subscription plans
experience the full power of pro landscape+ with our flexible subscription options.





multi-device access
each license is for one user and allows pro landscape+ to be used on one computer and the companion app on one ipad or android tablet. switching between two computers is easy using the built-in license manager.










free tech support
get free email or phone technical support.





free online training seminars
subscribe to pro landscape+ and get access to our free online training webinars.




















“i took my ipad to estimate a job for a customer who couldn’t visualize anything. it just took a few minutes to create a design and she was blown away! 5 minutes later i had a deposit and her job was scheduled.”

kerry stinnet
lawn tek landscaping









“three days after receiving pro landscape we landed 3 jobs worth a total of $63,100…bring on the summer.”

tom teehan
solomon services










get started
subscribe →





 
 


contact

general inquiries & sales
(816) 842-4955
(800) 231-8574
sales@prolandscape.com
system requirements
view a demo
purchase pro landscape


training & support
(816) 421-6678
(816) 842-5554 - fax
support@prolandscape.com



explore
home
software
tablet apps
support
training
schools
about

follow us






pro landscape news










© 2025 - drafix software, inc.
all rights reserved


privacy policy

 











 



















































kansas city web design


