



vista palomar riders ~ vista, californa



























home

home
vpr history
photo gallery
site map


vpr facility

vpr facility
information/rental information
vpr corral map


shows & events

shows & events
vpr calendar
sponsorships
newsletters
junior riders


contact us

contact us
vpr board
membership
sponsorships
payment portal
members only login












 






welcome to vista palomar riders….. 
                started in 1946 and it is one of the oldest horse clubs in california.

vpr's club motto - "to promote good fellowship and recreation among horse loving people of this community and encourage them to own, ride and enjoy saddle horses. to enhance their knowledge and enjoyment of saddle horses, and to participate as a group in rides, outings, parades, horse shows and other equine related activities." 
 






           











vpr has always been dedicated to promoting and protecting the equestrian lifestyle.  the members' of today values are the same as the original founders values- they cherish their relationship with their community and their beautiful horses.
vpr embraces all forms of riding - english, western, show, trail, horse camping on site and off site. whether you are a beginner or advanced rider, we have something for you.
our 14-acre property has an impressive show facility, a modern clubhouse, 2 renovated arenas, two round pens for turnout, pipe stalls, plenty of parking for day use and direct access to the san luis rey riverbed trails.

  




upcoming events
 






prior to the potluck jake enriquez and his dpr team will conduct an in depth presentation and status on the bonsall park development and staging area at 5:30 pm. 

 




 
 









 









 










 




membership renewals for 2025

membership renewal is now available online through the website. 
 online membership  renewal form (online form - pay with debt/ credit card or zelle)

just a friendly reminder that if you haven't already paid for your 2025 annual vpr membership please do so  before 1/31/25 by mail or zelle to avoid a $30 late fee.

new persons wanting to join vpr before the end of the year, please visit our membership information page for all the steps in signing up to become a member. 

 





 




february 2025 events 
board meeting
feb 12, 2025 @ 6:30 pm

 potluck
feb  19

 trail ride
1st saturday each month - leave the club @ 10 am
 
heads up for fun to come! 
dates are approximate, may change.






 
click on any sponsor ad to visit their website





 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




this site is best viewed in landscape on mobile devices
vista palomar riders
(physical address) 973 little gopher canyon road, vista, california 92084   
        
mailing address: po box 1145, bonsall, ca 92003
contact us

copyright © vista palomar riders 2025.  all rights reserved 
site maintained by socalequine.com






