






 michigan bat control and bat removal 






 
 
 





		web master






		services



		company



		testimonials



		contact



		links



		sitemap



		beaver



		bobcat



		chipmunk



		coyote



		badger



		bat removal



		deer



		mink



		moles



		mice



		geese



		muskrat



		groundhog



		opossum



		pigeon



		rabbit



		raccoons



		rats



		squirrels



		weasel



		starling



		skunk removal



		snake



		turtle



		wildlife control



		porcupine



		fox



		wild pig



		wildlife control articles



		ï¿½ vamoose varmint, llc. all rights reserved. all images, text, graphics and materials are protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. 
	

vamoose varmint! is committed to provide superior quality and wildlife control services that consistently exceed our customers expectations. 
professional  
		bat removal, bat control, 
vamoose varmint! is a premier wildlife control service that operates in northern lower michigan, south west  
		michigan and u.p. for bat control and bat removal. vamoose varmint! offers a full range of solutions to most wildlife problems known  
		to michigan. these solutions include capture and removal of wildlife, professional repairs of wildlife damage, waste removal,  
		and clean-up as well as exclusion services to keep properties safe from re-infestation by other animals. vamoose varmint provides  
		skunk removal, skunk control, squirrel removal, squirrel control, raccoon control, raccoon removal, groundhog removal, groundhog control, chipmunk  
		removal, and chipmunk control, mole removal, mole control, woodpecker damage, bat removal, bat proofing, bat control and much,  
		much more. vamoose varmint wildlife control services is now offering referrals across the united states for bat control and bat removal.

there  
		are many companies out there providing, squirrel control, squirrel removal and all other wildlife control but not all of them are  
		licensed and insured professionals. make sure that you hire a competent experts for your animal service needs. at vamoose varmint,  
		we will be courteous and friendly and take the time to answer your questions. 
give vamoose varmint or search our wildlife control  
		directory and give us a call, and we will listen to your problem, and make an appointment to perform an inspection. vamoose varmint  
		will provide bat removal, bat control, squirrel control, squirrel removal, raccoon removal, raccoon control and all other  
		michigan wildlife control in these michigan counties. alcona county, alger, allegan, alpena, antrim, arenac, baraga, barry, bay,  
		benzie county, berrien, branch, calhoun, cass, charlevoix, cheboygan, chippewa, clare county, clinton, crawford, delta, dickinson,  
		eaton, emmet county, genesee, gladwin, gogebic, grand traverse county, gratiot, hillsdale, houghton, huron, ingham, ionia, iosco,  
		iron, isabella, jackson, kalamazoo county, kalkaska, kent, keweenaw, lake, lapeer county, leelanau, lenawee, livingston, luce, mackinac,  
		macomb, manistee, marquette, mason, mecosta county, menominee, midland, missaukee, monroe, montcalm, montmorency, muskegon, newaygo  
		county, oakland, oceana, ogemaw, ontonagon, osceola, oscoda, otsego, ottawa, presque isle county, roscommon, saginaw, sanilac, schoolcraft,  
		shiawassee, st. clair, st. joseph, tuscola, van buren, washtenaw, wayne, wexford county. we also service the entire upper penisula  
		of michigan for bat removal and bat control. 


		vamoose varmint!
	


june; raccoon control is starting to increase and raccoon removal is needed bad for many. this call came in today of an odor  
		in a houghton lake crawl space. this dead raccoon removal was not a pleasant at all. this raccoon may have been electrocuted  
		when crawling over this wire in the crawl space. after the dead raccoon removal was performed odor control was put in place and a  
		deodorizing program was performed to control the dead raccoon odor. the image shows maggots and how juicy the raccoon gets after hot  
		days, yuck.




		dead raccoon job all images can be clicked on and made larger
	

		march; the demand for squirrel control is now on the rise in kalamazoo, the squirrels are now getting out to enjoy the warmth the  
		new spring is providing. this flying squirrel came out of a roof top vent while during the squirrel removal inspection. squirrel  
		traps were placed on the vent to facilitate in the squirrel removal. once the problem squirrels are removed the vents will be excluded  
		not allowing the squirrels back in. 
	



		squirrel control | squirrel removal
	

march; the bats are ready for spring, this warm-up has seen an increase in calls for bat control and bat removal from homes. our clients  
		are happy that we know how to get rid of bats. this is a late night bat removal from inside the living space of a home.  
		the bat control inspection has now been done and the bat control removal is now scheduled to be done on this bat problem. 




		bat control  |  bat removal  
	

march; raccoon control is on the rise in kent county. shaun and dan on the job in grand rapids providing a raccoon removal from a  
		chimney. the raccoon gained entry through the top of the chimney. she made her way down a section of chimney once used by a removed  
		furnace, then boxed off. this box turned into a great place for the raccoon to have her pups. the panel was removed and the five  
		pups were sitting right in the box.the raccoon in the 8" chimney flue held her ground. a chimney trap was added to the top of the  
		flue. the raccoon was coaxed up the chimney and into the raccoon trap. a stainless steel chimney cap added and the raccoon removal  
		was complete. 




		how to get rid of raccoons  
	





		shaun with raccoon pups 
	

		raccoon removal from chimney 
		select image for a larger view
	



		how to get rid of bats
	


aug; getting rid of  bats from a home on lake gogebic in the u.p. of michigan, we had found the ridge vent  
		not up to par. during the removal we found this group of bats near the entry point living under the ridge cap. during the  
		bat removal process finding the entry points is a must. after performing the bat exclusion process this home will not have anymore  
		bats in the attic again. 








		skunk control in gaylord mi
	

april; this skunk living under a second home in gaylord michigan gave the owners a smelly evening. the skunk odor was still strong  
		in the morning when dan set up the skunk control job. the skunk took 10 days to decide to venture out in the northern michigan  
		weather. skunk removal is in demand during this time of year due to the mating season. skunk removal can be non offensive if  
		done by a skunk control skunk removal specialist. we know how to get rid of skunks!



		home




		gaylord michigan raccoon removal and raccoon control 
	

may; a female raccoon entered the attic through the gable end vents of a home in gaylord michigan. the owner called dan and he was  
		on the ball and set the raccoon removal job up. dan captured the female raccoon in the attic of the home at the entry point with a  
		positive setup. later he was able to find the raccoon litter behind the bath tub where the female raccoon had made her den site. this  
		female raccoon gave birth to 7 raccoon pups in her litter. later all raccoons were reunited together. this raccoon control job was  
		successful and a raccoon exclusion will be done for raccoon prevention and control. 







michigan contact numbers:  
		southwest michigan: 877-782-6667  
		northern lower michigan: 989-348-2753  
		upper peninsula michigan: 989-390-5712




		state map




