























lally school of management | rpi's business school








      skip to main content
    









apply


visit



            donate
          







search site


 











            the lally school of management
            








main navigation 2


about


undergraduate


graduate


student experience


people


news and events


ways to give


apply now








i

            internships, co-ops, capstone projects, and collaboration with world-renowned researchers at rensselaer and industry partners teach lally students to harness the power of data, technology, and innovation to make impactful business decisions.
          









































about the school

guide the cutting edge

"the lally school of management offers top-ranked programs at the cutting edge of business disciplines, propelling students to career success through extraordinary interdisciplinary education and hands-on experiences at the frontier and nexus of business, science, and technology."- liad wagman, ph.d., dean

learn more




      your unique path
    
future or current rpi student? aspiring innovator? customize your lally pathway to success, and guide the cutting edge.


undergraduate
         
        

dual undergraduate majors
         
        

graduate
         
        

research and centers
         
        







featured leaders






                  president of marvel entertainment
                


                                    dan buckley
                                    





                  systems manager at ebay
                


                                    kudzi mugomba
                                    





                  investor, serial entrepreneur, inventor 
                


                                    jeff stewart
                                    





                  professor of marketing strategy
                


                                    gary lynn
                                    






previous


next


 





              spotlight
            












welcome back!





congratulations to the lally december graduates class of 2024!





industry evening with the lally school of management





open office hours with dean wagman!







lally undergraduate open forum





previous



next

 

             
          


              upcoming events
            

check back soon!









research at lally







define the future of business


with a strong commitment to research, lally faculty and students solve complex business problems driven by digitization.


learn more













 

 

 

 




 


the association to advance collegiate schools of business international (aacsb) is the world’s largest business education alliance. first accredited in 1977 and recently re-accredited, the lally school is part of a premier network of business leaders across the globe. aacsb reviewers wrote, “[lally’s] centers connect students and faculty with industry, providing significant and meaningful engagement and research opportunities.”












contact
lally school of management
rensselaer polytechnic institute
110 8th street, pittsburgh building, troy, ny 12180
(518) 276-2812


connect


follow us on facebook



follow us on twitter



follow us on instagram



connect with us on linkedin



email us









back to top







rensselaer polytechnic institute


              110 eighth street |
              troy, ny usa 12180
            

(518) 276-6000

contact us







policies:

                web privacy

                title ix


              student consumer information

              accessibility


            copyright © 2025 rensselaer polytechnic institute (rpi)
          









