




pddoc.com - documents from the public domain and more





 hit tail

    



 





pddoc.com
















our sites


          karen's quilts


skedaddle


          haw creek outdoors


retirement

copy 
          right, copy sense


a selection of poetry


a selection 
          of tales


the public domain

photography

travel

          accident at three mile island





welcome to 
                pddoc.com!
i've been publishing 
                material on the internet for nearly 10 years. in that time, i've 
                "collected" a lot of links.  through my
                
                north farnham freeholder blog, i am sharing many of the more 
                valuable links, those that have decent content or are otherwise 
                interesting.  in most instances, these links have pretty 
                good staying power.  i am also moving most of the links — 
                as well as new ones that i find — on a part of the site i'm 
                calling the 

                freehold.
the  website 

                reflets is where i am presenting images from 
                the public domain.  many of the images from 
                the website will be presented to the blogging world on my
                
                north farnham freeholder blog.
the
                
                poetry pages have been renovated with a newer look and now 
                have an accompanying
                
                blog, where at least one poem a day will be posted. 
                (11/12/2005)
we've moved
          
          karen's quilts from its previous server to pddoc.com. (11/10/2005)  

internet resources for camping is now 
haw creek outdoors. there are quite a few links to good 
                resources, including an extensive listing of rv manufacturers' 
                web sites.


                copy right, copy sense has articles on 
                copyright, pages with explanations and definitions of copyright, 
                and some fundamental copyright references.

american civil war 
                anecdotes, incidents and articles: this page provides links 
                to "republished" 19th and early 20th century civil war material 
                related to the impact of the war on the public and individuals 
                in the service. the material is being published in several 
                different ways.   


an 
                article that originally appeared in a magazine or journals will 
                be published on a single web page, but will have an accompanying 
                pdf formatted document for download and printing.  


each 
                day, several small pieces for the corresponding day in 1861 are 
                being published to a blog, chronicles of the american 
  civil war

 


for 
                those not familiar with them, blogs — short for web log —  
                are a form of internet publication where the most recent 
                addition appears on top.  most commonly used as a sort of 
                on-line diary or personal journal that can be either private or 
                public, the format is very useful for publishing any material 
                where you want the freshest and newest to be at the top of the 
                page.  older material is available in archives




the 
                skedaddle
                
                e-journal 


the domain name was chosen to signify that we have a lot of 
                content on our sites obtained from the public domain. the 
                name "pddoc" is derived from the phrase public domain
                documents. however, there is also a lot of content on 
                the site that is not public domain.
i have several hundred civil war related pages in the skedaddle 
            site. it includes an ad-free e-journal, published on an irregular 
            basis.
the "selection of poetry" has over 
            100 of very popular public domain poems.

 
                
                
                
                


 
 



                 












 
© 2004-2005 mpg  all rights 
          reserved.




  
