



frederick county democrats :: home










 

























homeabout usour missionwhat we stand fordemocratic party sitesmembers onlymd votingvoter registrationupcoming electionsdistrict mapselected officialsfederal officialsstate officialscounty officialsmunicipality officialsupcoming electionsget involvedvolunteernorth fc democratssouth fc democratsunited democrats of fcwomen’s democratic leagueyoung democrats of fcclub blueplowman & fisherman clubbecome a trusteeresist fascismeventscalendarcontributeconnectcontact usbanner newslettersign up for email and newsletter





keep democratic values and principles alive in frederick county maryland

















































 

contribute now!



get involved!



voting information



 




 united we stand for democracy, truth, justice and fairness


 resist fascismthe power grab and overreach of president donald trump, elon musk, and the maga wing of the republican party is an assault on our democracy, constitution, and democratic values. we must resist this fascist regime but do so peacefully. click here to access links to sites and/or documents that share information on how to get involved, contact your elected officials, and learn about community resources.


 





democratic party hq 

 
our headquarters is located at 8 west 5th street, frederick. we are closed for the holidays and will reopen on thursday, 9 january 2025. until further notice, our limited business hours starting in the new year will be thursdays from 5 pm to 7 pm and saturdays and sundays from 10 am to 2 pm.

 
 project 2025

 
per democracy forward and many other credible sources, leaders, and analysts, "project 2025 is among the most profound threats to the american people."what democracy forward discovered was a "systemic, ruthless plan to undermine the quality of life of millions of americans, remove critical protections and dismantle programs for communities across the nation, and prioritize special interests and ideological extremism over people.the heritage foundation and the 100+ organizations that make up the project 2025 advisory board have mapped out exactly how they will achieve their extreme ends. they aim to try and carry out many of the most troubling proposals through an anti-democratic president and political loyalists installed in the executive branch, without waiting for congressional action. and, while many of these plans are unlawful, winning in court is not guaranteed given that the same far-right movement that is behind project 2025 has shaped our current court system."the frederick county democratic party hosted a town hall on this topic. you can watch a video replay here, and you can review democracy forward's summary guide* here. * we are not endorsing democracy forward's summary guide. we only suggest it for your review.

 
 become a trustee

 
after an exciting and successful 2022 gubernatorial election cycle, frederick county democrats are on the leading edge toward delivering better futures for the people in our county and beyond! to keep this momentum going and achieve even further success, we ask you to become a frederick county democratic trustee. trustees are local democrats like you who help with substantial and reliable financial contributions of at least $1,000 annually. donations go toward assisting democratic candidates up and down the ballot; other get out the vote (gotv) efforts, and frederick county democratic party sustainability/visibility.

you can get more details here, including payment options and our ever-growing list of esteemed trustees.

 
 "democrats deliver" yard signs

 the frederick county democratic central committee has "democrats deliver" yard signs. get one delivered with a donation of $20, or make arrangements to pick one up for an $8 donation with exact cash or check, or by making an online contribution using the "contribute" button.if you want us to deliver one, please click on the "contact us" tab and enter your contact information. we'll then have someone call you and provide the delivery date. please put any special instructions in the comments field (i.e., put the sign in the yard near the mailbox).



 

 
upcoming events - calendar




(fcdp) frederick county democratic party monthly meeting


386
(fcdp) frederick county democratic party monthly meeting
2025-02-18 18:30:00
2025-02-18 20:30:00

#0298cd
join us for a meeting of the frederick county democratic central committee (fcdcc) on the third tuesday of each month except january. where: 8 west 5th street, frederick. public comments are welcome. at our monthly meetings, members will have three (3) minutes to provide comments.​​
0



(fcdp) frederick co. democratic party hq open


463
(fcdp) frederick co. democratic party hq open
2025-02-20 17:00:00
2025-02-20 19:00:00

#ffd500
our local democratic party hq is open today. we're located at 8 west 5th street, frederick. please stop by to say hello.parking may be available in front of our office or on the surrounding residential streets. metered parking is also available on n. market street. meters are free after 5 pm monday-saturday and all day on sunday. please check for any parking restrictions regardless of where you park.
0



(fcdp) frederick co. democratic party hq


464
(fcdp) frederick co. democratic party hq
2025-02-22 10:00:00
2025-02-22 14:00:00

#ffd500
our local democratic party hq is open today. we're located at 8 west 5th street, frederick. please stop by to say hello.parking may be available in front of our office or on the surrounding residential streets. metered parking is also available on n. market street. meters are free after 5 pm monday-saturday and all day on sunday.​please check for any parking restrictions regardless of where you park.​
0

















close






{"displayongoing":"yes","formatevent":"mmmm dd, yyyy","timeformat":"h:mm a","hideurlonlist":"yes","fonttitlesize":"16px","fontdatesize":"","fonttitlecolor":"","fontdatecolor":"","backgroundcolor":"no","transparentbackground":"no","transparentborder":"no"}




listen to our official podcast  as we discuss all things of interest to frederick county democrats.listen at soundcloudlisten at itunes

join club blue!club blue members have the common goal of electing progressive democrats up and down the ballot. member benefits.learn more and join!



our informative monthly newsletter is available for download here or you can sign up to get it and other news.
sign up for our newsletter















home | contact us | sign up for email and newsletter






by authority: frederick county democratic central committee (fcdcc), mccamie patterson, treasurer








        © copyright  frederickdemocrats.org all rights reserved.



homeabout usmd votingelected officialsget involvedeventscontributeconnect











 