



tim russell













 



































































practical employment and litigation law advice



 


welcome to my website. i was head of employment law at two firms ( hammonds squire sanders and then norton rose fulbright) for around 15 years. during this time i was the recipient of the lawyer's uk employment team of the year award and annually recognised by the legal 500 as one of the uk's foremost employment law practitioners until i left to run my own practice which is only just outside the top 500 ( there is now only me ). i am also an experienced litigator, having undertaken commercial and banking litigation for banks like lloyds and natwest since the mid-1980s as well as for other large companies like ernst young and monsoon . i have also regularly acted for individuals and have continued to do so over the past decade since i became a sole practitioner.i have  been an  employment judge for some 25 years  and am a qualified cedr mediator undertaking judicial mediations in the tribunal as well as judging employment disputes. also , as a consulting solicitor , i assist clients ( both claimants and respondents ) in the employment tribunal other than ( for obvious reasons of possible conflict ) in my own (london central ) region .my charges are around a third of those sought by partners in the major london law firms. link to fees page i am content to have an initial discussion without any charge by email or phone and regularly agree fixed fees . in addition i do not charge for disbursements unless they are significant or pre agreed. i do not send any bill to a client without agreeing it first and i strive to be accessible at all times.i do of course have full professional indemnity insurance and having setting up my own employment and litigation law consultancy i have ( as you might guess ) really enjoyed the opportunity of working with individuals and smes who would not normally want to engage the services of a larger city firm. work i undertake for employees includes employment tribunal claims and situations where employees have unexpected disputes with their employer ( including disciplinary hearings ) which may lead to them getting advice on a settlement agreement and/or restrictive covenants. litigation work includes county ( including the small claims court ) and high court civil claims, some of which centre on employment disputes e.g. relating to restrictive covenants. i work regularly with us and european clients and have a good knowledge uk tax and bonus schemes  as well as employment law in jurisdictions outside the uk.tim has been on the panel of goldman sachs independent advisers for over a decade . if you have time please look at some of the testimonials that i have received whilst paddling my own canoe along with my biography  which may give you the confidence to seek my further advice. please feel free to contact me anytime. an email to me at advice@tim-russell.co.uk  is the best way to reach me. i  will always respond rapidly to queries .  i hope that my clients feel i give commercial and practical advice with clear recommendations. that is my aim.authorised and regulated by the solicitor’s regulation authority 
















2/2025
                        acas conciliation certificate
                        
                        the eat has confirmed citing clark v sainsburys that although a claimant in the et “may not present an application to institute relevant proceedings without an acas conciliation certificate" if this is missed by the respondent and et with the case allowed to continue then it  is too late to challenge it later. so employers  need to always check!
 






















