








jaderloon greenhouses – protect your plants and your profits












































































  request a quote   |   

					
  (800) 258-7171







menue

about

catalog
news
resources
reviews
past newsletters


greenhouses

retail
educational
grower
residential
government
metal buildings
build your greenhouse


accessories
online store
contact












			the most reliable greenhouses

		


get started









higher quality means lower total cost























our catalog







the jāderloon® advantage






30% stronger frames
more efficient temperature control
greater humidity control
designed to withstand the worst weather
lowest total cost of ownership
reduced maintenance
longer life
best warranty in the industry
24-hour response time
made in the usa



request a quote








watch our video





a history of industry-leading innovations & new products
the greenhouse company's proprietary line of jāderloon® products have each been developed specifically to meet a unique set of market needs, from extreme heat to cold frames for overwintering. after 42 years and thousands of installations, we have seen it all. designed and tested to eliminate the common headaches of the common greenhouse owners, our products are backed by the industry's best warranty. our service is second to none and we promise to deliver an unbeatable buying experience.




1977
kwic-klip®






1981
poly-patch™






1983
uniflow fans






1986
carolina cooler™






1986
palmetto roof vents






1986
free standing benches






1987
versa-vent







1987
cross connnectors






1989
kwic trip trolley system






2001
tlc control system






2002
jādershade






2014
uni-force™ inflation systems






2015
louver lifter™






2016
greenhouse command center






2017
greenhouse command center bravo






2019
aquaponic system






2019
micro tlc controller






2020
hose trolley






2020
manual switch control added






2021
range command center






2021
eclipse power shade






2022
alpine ridge vent









listen to our happy customers







“my first purchase from jaderloon was in 1987 – i purchased a two-bay classic gutter connect greenhouse.  i have since purchased three other greenhouses from jaderloon over my career in retail garden centers and been pleased with all of the products. my jaderloon greenhouses have withstood hurricanes and other extreme weather and have provided ideal growing environments for many types of plants.  the greenhouses have been easy to install and add on to, and the quality is truly exceptional. they look great after many years of use.  jaderloon is the only greenhouse i will purchase. i would recommend jaderloon greenhouses to anyone looking for a greenhouse that will stand the tests of time and weather, offer superb growing environments and protection, and offer options to expand in the future.”
 - dixon boggs, owner, island greenery and carolina greenery







“i have bought jāderloon® products for over 30 years. in 2017, we bought a five bay appalachian greenhouse to put at our location in virginia. the greenhouse has allowed us to grow plants economically in a structure that can withstand virginia’s snow and wind. the greenhouse company’s install crew was efficient and professional.”
 - briscoe white, the grower’s exchange







“our jāderloon® greenhouses from the greenhouse company provide protection for our products in a well structured space that is simply beautiful. jāderloon® houses and components have performed beyond our expectations for decades. we have trusted the greenhouse company for over thirty years and couldn’t be happier with the our greenhouses. our new appalachian greenhouses are great quality and extremely sturdy. we have been pleased with the greenhouse company's installation crews over the years including new houses, new plastic covering, and cooling systems installations. i would absolutely recommend the greenhouse company to other retailers."
 - george hyams, hyams’ garden center







“we have had jāderloon® greenhouses from the greenhouse company since 1988 and have always been pleased with the quality and performance. the greenhouse company has made our process of growing plants so much easier. it's the quality parts and correct environment for growing plants. for anyone who is looking to start a greenhouse or to add space, i would highly recommend the greenhouse company."
 - josh bruce, bruce's greenhouses





tell us about your project ▸









committed to greenhouse growers













































the jāderloon® advantage






30% stronger frames
more efficient temperature control
greater humidity control
designed to withstand the worst weather
lowest total cost of ownership
reduced maintenance
longer life
best warranty in the industry
24-hour response time



request a quote



















the greenhouse company™ of south carolina, llc. manufacturing quality jāderloon® products is an experienced greenhouse manufacturing and construction company founded in 1976. our policy is to work personally with each customer from start to finish of each project.
© 2025 jāderloon® and the greenhouse company™ of south carolina, llc. all rights reserved.
161 green pines road, columbia, sc 29212






contact us   |  
					news   |  
					distributors   |  

					catalog   |  

					warranty   |  
					survey
terms of service & refund policy


rally form

schedule an appointment





































