

firm hand spanking – perfect spankings for beautiful girls














fifty shades of spanking: beautiful
    young ladies, perfectly punished






firm hand's award-winning models and high production values make it the
    leading spanking site with three major video and photo updates every week.

    we're the only site to shoot both in the usa and england, with more exclusive models, more
    locations, more spanking, strapping, paddling and caning than any other site.

    gorgeous english-speaking girls, firm punishments from experienced administrators and
    realistic scenarios are firm hand hallmarks.

    each professionally edited drama video is shot in hd with accompanying high-resolution
    stills. many models receive their first-ever spanking here - and you can witness them now!
    

    click enter here to see more! 









warning!


this
    site contains adult materials.


you
    must be an adult (18 or 21 years old,
depending on your jurisdiction) to enter this web site.


access by minors is strictly forbidden.
if you are a minor, or do not wish to view adult materials,
click here to exit this site


all images displayed on this site comply with 18 u.s.c. §2257.
by entering this web site, you agree to all of this site's terms & conditions.


all
    models appearing in our spanking videos and photos are over the age of 18.
we are in no way suggesting otherwise.



click here for spanking

click here to exit


























parents:
    we strongly suggest the following filtering software to protect your children:


surfwatch           net nanny           cyberpatrol           cybersitter






















18 u.s.c. 2257 record-keeping requirements
    compliance statement






terms
    & conditions | privacy policy | customer support






copyright
    ©2002 - 2023 - firm hand productions - all rights reserved


the contents
    of this site are registered and fully protected under the digital millenium copyright act.
no portion of the site may be copied, reproduced, downloaded, transmitted or
    otherwise used without
the prior written consent of firm hand productions. willful infringement of
    copyright may result in the
award of statutory damages of up to $100,000 per act of infringement,
    attorneys fees, seizure and
destruction of infringing materials, and injunction against further acts of
    infringement.





$$ webmasters $$








