














home - the eldorado success - the eldorado success























      monday, february 17, 2025    





 log in
              



                search              



                e-edition              



                advertise              














the big lake wildcat
the devil's river news



weather info for eldorado

storm tracker doppler radar







toggle navigation




main menu






home




                  news 



                        sports                      


                        texas news                      


                        concho valley news                      




                  obituaries                



                  public notices 



                        local public notices                      


                        texas public notices                      




                  archive                


                  subscribe                



                  send us your news! 



                        anniversary announcement                      


                        birth announcement                      


                        birthday announcement                      


                        engagement announcement                      


                        letters to the editor                      


                        obituary announcement                      


                        submit news                      


                        wedding announcement                      





                  web extras 



                        crossword & trivia                      


                        agriculture                      


                        automotive                      


                        books                      


                        business                      


                        education & careers                      


                        entertainment                      


                        food                      


                        gardening                      


                        green living                      


                        health                      


                        home improvement                      


                        kids & family                      


                        lifestyle                      


                        money matters                      


                        outdoors                      


                        pets                      


                        real estate                      


                        seniors                      


                        spanish                      


                        tech                      


                        travel                      




















local news





city council updated on frontier fiber optic installation













						the eldorado city council met monday evening, april 10th, and heard from davis russell, representing frontier communications.					



local students claim 3 blue ribbons in san angelo ag. mechanics show













						eldorado ffa went three for three on february 1st - 3rd as they hit the jackpot with three blue ribbons in the san angelo ag. mechanics show.					



governor greg abbott wants to set a high bar for local tax increases













						dallas – gov. greg abbott, in his bid to curb texas’ high property taxes, wants texas voters to have the final say on any property tax hike.					



the state of our union

















eldorado lifters excel in local powerlifting meet













						eldorado high school hosted the 2025 eldorado invitational powerlifting meet on saturday, february 1st at eagle gym where 10 schools competed for medals and accolades.					







			latest news			









more local news






						the blotter					


					arrests none reported 

 incidents feb 4 • rodrigo deleon, 53, transfered to safp. feb 6 • 6:48 a.m. • complainant reported a reckless driver on u.s. 277 north. officer responded.  …				





						scisd board of trustees hold monthly meeting					


					the schleicher county isd board of trustees met monday evening, february 10th, at which time the board authorized superintendent oscar aguero to apply for attendance waivers for february 4th and 5th. aguero noted that the recent flu outbreak led to the cancellation of classes on those two days.				








						the blotter					


					arrests
jan 30 • john g. sokaris, 24, arrested on a 14-day confinement order / distribution of cocaine. still in custody				





						loud explosions reverberate at yfz					


					schleicher county residents received two rounds of alerts over the past week related to planned explosive training at the yfz ranch near eldorado.				





						scisd dismisses classes as flu virus hits hard					


					with student absentees surging to 71, schleicher county isd superintendent oscar aguero made the decision to suspend classes on tuesday and wednesday of this week.				








						commissioners reluctant to pay for appraisal district’s hvac upgrade					


					schleicher county commissioners spent a good portion of their meeting on monday, february 3rd, discussing the need for new heating, ventilation and air conditioning (hvac) units at old jail where the schleicher county appraisal district (scad) office is housed.				





			more news			













e-edition




 




february 13, 2025


view this issue



													browse other issues
											




















fun & games
our crossword puzzle now lives on a page with trivia and interesting stories. we plan to add other puzzles soon!



						check out our new page						






find us on facebook

facebook












 






















 




obituaries








don rinehart

							don “pop” raymond rinehart entered the presence of the lord february 10, 2025, at the age of 79. 

 a devoted follower of christ, he leaves a legacy defined by family, love, laughter,  …						









charles hunter preston

							charles hunter preston was born in eldorado, texas on october 7, 1975 to richard (tree) and jill preston. he passed away suddenly on february 6, 2025. 

 hunter was husband to carla, and son to  …						









dawn lavonne finch knutson engdahl

							eldorado – dawn engdahl, age 56, was born and raised in gabbs, nevada and later moved to texas in 1999 with her son, curtis knutson, where she continued her family life. she married derek  …						






			more obituaries			
















local public notices








february 13, 2025

							1) notice of bank purchase; 2) notice of sheriff sale						









february 6, 2025

							1) notice of sheriff's sale						









january 30, 2025

							1) letters testamentary; 2) plateau underground water conservation & supply district - notice of deadline to file for place on ballot						









january 16, 2025

							1) scisd statement of revenue & expenses; 2) schleicher county appraisal district notice of property owner rights; 3) scisd notice of ballot filing deadline; 3) city of eldorado notice of ballot filing deadline; 5) schleicher county hospital district notice of ballot filing deadline						









january 9, 2025

							1) schleicher county independent school district first hearing notice; 2) schleicher county notice of office hours; 3) plantible foods - notice of availability of an environmental assessment and final notice of potential impacts to floodplains (english); 4) plantible foods - aviso de disponibilidad de una evaluación ambiental y aviso final de potencial impactos a las llanuras aluviales (spanish)						






			more local public notices			




 








sports








1,000 points and counting

							coach jaxson robinson presented andrew whitten with a banner and a decorated basketball commemorating the 1,000 points he has scored for the eldorado eagles basketball team during his high school  …						









long-range bombardment

							jaxon hight puts up a shot over an ozona defender as the eldorado eagles hosted the lions on tuesday, january 28th at eagle gym. hight scored nine points in the game as the eagles claimed the 65-35  …						









eagles earn honors on all-west texas team

							the eldorado eagles placed eight members on the san angelo standard-times all-west texas football team.						









lady eagles win at panthers power classic in fort stockton

							the ehs lady eagles continued their powerlifting dominance with a first place finish at the 2025 panthers power classic in fort stockton on, january 18th. the girls tallied 34 points in the meet.						









who says basketball isn't a contact sport

							garrett walling soars to the basket and draws a foul from a sterling city eagles player who got a little too close for comfort as the eagles claimed the 45-35 victory at eagle gym on tuesday, january  …						






			more sports			


 

















 









concho valley





asu wool judging team wins in san antonio

							the angelo state university agriculture department’s student wool judging team brought home the gold medal from the 2025 san antonio stock show and rodeo collegiate wool judging contest held feb. 8 in san antonio.						






living history school scheduled at fort concho

							fort concho will host the school of the soldier, a living history training course, from friday to sunday, feb. 7-9, for current and future volunteers who portray the soldiers of the 1870s and 1880s.						






asu announces schedule of spring planetarium shows

							the angelo state university planetarium will present 22 different full-dome public astronomy shows during its spring 2025 schedule beginning wednesday, feb. 5, in the vincent building at 2333 vanderventer st.						






			more concho valley news			







 








lone star state








school voucher bill passes in state senate, arrives in house

							a bill to implement school vouchers in texas sailed through the senate largely on party lines last week and now awaits consideration in the house, the austin american-statesman reported. house speaker dustin burrows, r-lubbock, said he believes there are enough votes in that chamber to pass the legislation, which was defeated a half-dozen times in 2023 by a coalition of democratic and rural republican members.						






tdshs raises red flags regarding measles outbreak

							the texas department of state health services is reporting an outbreak of measles in gaines county, located north of odessa and southwest of lubbock, where seminole serves as the county seat.						






tp&wd game wardens arrest 2 in deer smuggling case

							texas parks & wildlife department (tp&wd) game wardens have arrested two individuals for illegally transporting captive white-tailed deer, according to an agency statement released on thursday, february 6, 2025.						









lt. governor dan patrick releases list of 25 legislative priorities

							lt. gov. dan patrick has released his top 25 legislative priorities as the legislative session gets underway, the texas tribune reported. they include banning all forms of consumable thc, the psychoactive ingredient in cbd products; increasing the school homestead exemption from $100,000 to $140,000; a texas version of a government oversight department to improve governmental efficiency; and measures to shore up the state’s electric grid and water supply.						









texas national guard to make immigration arrests under agreement with trump administration

							texas national guard soldiers now have the authority to make immigration arrests and help detain and deport undocumented people under an agreement between the state and the trump administration that requires those duties be done under the supervision and direction of a u.s. customs and border protection official.						






			more texas news			







 








lifestyle








‘for you’: what to know about news on tiktok

							a social media researcher explains how to analyze your news feed in terms of content, circulation and consumption.						









congress, not the president, decides on government spending − a constitutional law professor explains how the ‘power of the purse’ works

							congress has the authority to control government expenditures. donald trump is the latest president to try to get around that power, as he slashes government programs and staff.						









smart ways to budget your tax refund

							(bpt) - tax season is here, and many americans are eagerly awaiting their tax refunds. while it might be tempting to splurge on something fun, there are other clever ways to use this extra cash to  …						









make your car your valentine: mercury insurance advises how to save on auto repairs

							(bpt) - regularly showing your car some love can save on auto repairsvalentine's day is the perfect time to show your trusty vehicle some love, and maintaining it is the best and most cost-effective  …						









beyond the classroom: how schools are getting creative to help struggling families

							chalkbeat reports on how teachers are looking out for the tens of thousands of migrant and/or homeless families across new york city whose children often lack essential items needed for school.						









 











                  204 sw main street po box 1115 eldorado, tx 76936
                          phone: 325-853-3125

        staff:
        
                  email: success@myeldorado.net



sections


              news            


              obituaries            


              public notices            


              archive            


              subscribe            


              send us your news!            


              web extras            




links of interest


              about us            


              contact us            


              change of address            


              delivery issues            


              vacation stop            


              terms of service            


              privacy policy            




get social


 










        © copyright 2025 the eldorado success      

powered by creative circle media solutions




 






