






zedlacher.com – the official site for canadian comic pete zedlacher




































































 




















home
bio
contact
 








 






home
bio
contact
 



 







zedlacher 
							pete 
							
 










news and updates follow me



you can find my latest updates, events, and tour information on both on my instagram and facebook pages and other social media.




instagram






threads






facebook






twitter






tiktok






youtube













pete zedlacher
versatile comic, actor and writer pete zedlacher is a 20+ year veteran of the comedy scene and one of the premiere headliners in the country. zedlacher, who proudly hails from wawa, a small mining town in northern ontario, draws heavily from his canadian working-class roots. a graduate of the prestigious american musical and dramatic academy in new york, the intensive acting program helped him infuse a theatrical element into his stand-up.  now based in calgary, zedlacher has a canadian comedy award, four canadian comedy award-nominations and two gemini nominations to his credit. most recently, pete won the international comedy competition and was crowned sirius xm’s top comic.
 this spring, zedlacher made his remarkable 10th appearance at the ha!ifax comedyfest which will air on cbc television in the new season. he is probably best known for his appearances at just for laughs in montreal performing galas alongside jason alexander, whoopi goldberg, sir patrick stewart and the legendary muppets. he’s also appeared at the winnipeg comedy festival, jfl42 and toured with the just for laughs national tour. most recently, pete became the 4th member of the snowed in comedy tour. the annual tour, which tours softseat theatres throughout the winter and spring, will now hit over 60 cities across the country, making snowed in canada’s biggest comedy tour. pete is a familiar voice to canadian radio listeners, as he’s a regular and has over 20 debates to his credit on cbc radio’s the debaters.
he also has a comedy album, comic kong, which is heard regularly on sirius xm’s laugh attack and is available on apple itunes, apple music, spotify and other streaming sites across the web.


view full bio
 










 

                    © copyright 2023 zedlacher.com official site of canadian comedian pete zedlacher                                    






















































