





cymdeithas madog – learn welsh in north america






























 









skip to content



 cymdeithas madog
learn welsh in north america



primary menu








homeabout

about cymdeithas madogbiosfrequently asked questions
newsways to learn

what is siop siarad?what is cwrs cymraeg?what is cwrs rhith?cwrs cymraeg scholarships
calendarsupport cymdeithas madogresources

helpful resourcescwrs levels
contact

contact ussubscribe
cymdeithas madog shop 






learn to speak welsh with cymdeithas madog

calendar of upcoming learning events




ways to learn


siop siarad
our free monthly, online conversation group giving people of all levels a place to  practice their welsh language skills in a welcoming, low-pressure  situation.
more about siop siarad...


cwrs rhith
our online, three-day weekend cwrs featuring informal 90 minute sessions for all skill levels.   our next cwrs rhith will be held january 24 - 26, 2025; registration is open!
more about cwrs rhith...


cwrs cymraeg
a week-long immersive residential course, featuring classes, music, dance, pub nights and more. our july 2025 cwrs will be held at a college campus in the hudson valley; dates to be announced shortly.
more about cwrs cymraeg...








cwrs cymraeg -- a week of friendly welsh 
                        below is a link to a video about the people who get together for a week every summer, as learners and tutors of welsh, all of us expanding our knowledge of the language and, thereby, our sense of belonging to the wider welsh community.                                                    what it's like to attend cwrs cymraeg


resources for learning and living welsh
                        scholarship offerings, recommended resources, the secretary's favorite learning links, and websites in wales connecting you to opportunities for language learning, culture and community.
                                                    resources for language learning, culture and community


lecture series: introduction to welsh culture and history
                        weekly, 90 minute zoom lectures on thursdays, starting on january 23, 2025,  at 7:30pm est - 6:30pm - 5:30pm -4:30pm pst.  given by the director, dan rowbotham, of the welsh-american heritage museum and madog center for welsh studies at the university of rio grande / rio grande community college.   topics include language, geography, politics, cultural aspects, history and more.                                                    further details and registration links.
















cymdeithas madog
the welsh studies institute in north america, inc.


subscribe to the cymdeithas madog mailing list


 







home
about
calendar
support cymdeithas madog
contact


stay in touch
instagram
facebook




 
































