




















cross cultural center










      skip to main content
    






menu


cross cultural center





















cross cultural center











open search




search












    quick links
    +




student affairs


give to student affairs


contact us









main navigation (extended config)



          about





our space


mission


hxstory



          meet the staff





student team members







          resources





community resources


ccc library


grants


report hate and bias


room reservations





          programs and events





event calendar


black futures month


programs and services


peer education and community empowerment (peace)


gsoc mentorship program


volunteer internship program



          signature events





black family day


la gran tardeada


lights festival


powwow




danzantes del alma





get involved




          contact us





contact, hours and location

















 



cross cultural center at uc davis

we can't wait for y'all to join us!


play video


















sign up to get ccc newsletter










                our mission
      
our mission at the cross cultural center (ccc) at uc davis is to work towards a more just and liberated world.  we create compassionate community spaces that foster identity development, critical consciousness, and collective innovation.as a cultural center, the following six values guide our work:advocacycultural humilitycommunity buildingeducational excellenceidentity exploration leadership development what we offerwe conduct workshops that support these communities:menasaswanaa&pichicanx/latinxindigenousblack/ african diasporaour programs and resources also include:volunteer internship program peaceclimate changedanzantes del almacan counselingcheck us out follow us on social media! instagramfacebookyoutubelinktreevisit our involvement page to learn how to integrate in the community more!  












                come visit us soon!
      

open hours
mon-thu: 10 a.m. - 6 p.m.
fri: 12-5 p.m.
closed weekends and university holidays



















cross cultural center
397 hutchison drive, davis, ca 95616
(530) 752-4287
ccc@ucdavis.edu











questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community sitemap last update: february 10, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










