

 
















in-home tutoring and online tutoring - club z! tutoring


















































































 
 







subjects

math

elementary math

1st grade math
2nd grade math
3rd grade math
4th grade math
5th grade math


middle school math

6th grade math
7th grade math
8th grade math


high school math

9th grade math
10th grade math
11th grade math
12th grade math


algebra
geometry
trigonometry
calculus


science

biology
chemistry
physics tutoring


music lessons

guitar lessons
piano lessons


foreign languages
reading
college
writing
pre k
study skills
adhd & learning disabilities
summer tutoring


test prep

act
sat
preact
psat
isee/ssat
asvab
gre
ged
college planning


school support
classes

sat and act online


be a tutor
own a franchise
blog
 


 (800) 434-2582
call now!franchise info

 








 


club z! in home & online tutoring
tutoring offered in over 400+ franchise locations and online.







get tutoring near me!




 
					(800) 434-2582
			


 
			by submitting the following form, you agree to club z!'s 
			terms of use and 
			privacy policy


 









 your first & last name  your email  your phone number  your zip/postal code 













 



 getting help
               is easier than you think. 




1

call 800-434-2582 or request above
by filling out the form, you can connect with in-home & online tutors in over 300 subjects across the united states and canada.



2

 speak with a certified educational specialist 
our educational specialists are ready to help. call 800-434-2582.



3

learn, study, and succeed with a club z! tutor 
club z! tutoring has a 98% satisfaction rate, and will help you increase two letter grades in as little as 60 days! 



 get started 









in the news




















				find the right fit or it’s free. 

 

we guarantee you’ll find the right tutor, or we’ll cover the first hour of your lesson.









subjects we tutor






 
study skills 
study skills tutoring with a club z! tutor. club z! tutoring offers a comprehensive study skills tutoring program. is your child struggling to keep up with homework and class projects? do they need help getting and staying organized?  or could they benefit from better active reading skills? if so, then it is time to start studying smarter, and not harder! 
read more...





 
pre k 
pre k tutoring with a club z! tutor. club z! tutoring offers a complete pre k tutoring readiness program. with club z!’s proprietary kindergarten readiness program, we will help your child prepare for their first big day! our proprietary let the learning begin™ pre k tutoring program makes preparing for kindergarten as easy as 1-2- 3! 
read more...





 
college 
college tutoring with a club z! tutor. club z! tutoring offers college tutoring in a variety of subjects to help students succeed, even in their most difficult college classes. our college tutors are rigorously vetted, and can help you in college courses such as: college level algebra, calculus, statistics, biology, chemistry, organic chemistry, or physics. club z!’s top-notch college tutors can help.
read more...





 
writing 
writing tutoring with a club z! tutor. club z! tutoring’s highly qualified writing tutors will tailor a specific writing strategy to each individual student and will work with both parents and teachers to ensure success. club z! writing tutors will help your student learn to write and ultimately master writing skills such as: spelling, grammar, punctuation, sentence structure, singular & plural, past & present tense, and creative writing.
read more...





 
reading 
reading tutoring with a club z! tutor. club z! reading tutors are thoroughly knowledgeable and skilled at helping students in elementary school, middle school, high school, and even college with a variety of reading issues such as: reading comprehension, reading fluency, vocabulary development, letter, word recognition, decoding, phonics, word pronunciation, and learning disabilities.
read more...





 
math 
math tutoring with a club z! tutor. club z! tutoring’s in-home and online math tutoring provides individualized math instruction for all mathematical subjects and grade levels, including elementary math, middle school math, high school math and college math. our math tutors are experienced in tutoring students on a diverse range of math subjects, including: algebra, geometry, calculus and trigonometry.
read more...





 
foreign languages 
foreign languages tutoring with a club z! tutor. club z! tutoring offers foreign languages tutoring in a variety of languages. whether you are taking spanish in school or want to learn mandarin chinese for personal/business reasons, club z!’s foreign language tutoring has the foreign language tutors you need to help you master a second language.
read more...





 
music lessons 
music lessons for all ages & skill levels. club z! tutoring is a personalized one on one tutoring and music lesson leader. club z! can help take their music to the next level. we help our students gain the confidence they need to perform in front of a live audiences, and also learn the basics. club z! provides music instruction in guitar. piano, as well as other music instruments.
read more...





 
science 
science tutoring with a club z! tutor. club z! in-home and online science tutoring provides individualized instruction in all scientific disciplines, including earth/life science, biology, chemistry, and physics. our science tutors work hard to ensure that each student has the knowledge and learning in science that will lead to future success.
read more...












 
 
 
 
 



testimonials





club z! has connected me with a tutor through their online platform! this was exactly the one-on-one attention i needed for my math exam. i was very pleased with the sessions and clubz’s online tutoring interface.





my son was suffering from low confidence in his educational abilities. i was in need of help and quick. club z! assigned charlotte (our tutor) and we love her! my son’s grades went from d’s to a’s and b’s.





i’ve been using club z’s online classrooms to receive some help and tutoring for 2 of my college classes. i must say that i am very impressed by the functionality and ease of use of their online app. working online with my tutor has been a piece of cake. thanks z.





jonathan is doing really well in all of his classes this semester, 5 a’s & 2 b’s (he has a computer essentials class instead of plc). in his algebra class that nathan is helping him with he has an a+.





sarah is very positive, enthusiastic and encourages my daughter to do better each time she comes. my daughter’s grade has improved, we are very grateful for sarah and that she is tutoring our daughter. way to go clubz!














  











who we aretutoring services
test prep services
contact us
online sat/act classes
college admissions
fl blue transparency
study with usget math help
get reading help
get science help
get act help
get sat help
join the clubrequest a tutor
become a tutor
privacy policy
terms & conditions
 



subscribe to our newsletter receive discounts, study tips, and more.

 


name* email address*


  


























get to know us 






 



start tutoring today! fill out the form above or give us a call at: 866-442-2582


best in business 




































































































































































































