




	colombia support network | paz y justicia / peace and justice	
































colombia support network
paz y justicia / peace and justice

menu



search for:



 

home
about us

central new york / movimiento campesino de cajibio (cauca)
dane county / the peace community of san josé de apartadó
kansas city / the emberá-chamí community in the putumayo
uw-badgers


about colombia
action

join csn
donate
contact us


urgent actions and statements
news
newsletter
special reports
editorials
events
topics
other resources
 










csn reports
csn is the oldest, continuing voice on the web for human rights in colombia.  we issue urgent actions, news and special reports to act as a voice for reason and humanity for this war-torn country.







csn builds
csn chapters build relationships with sister communities by forging person-to-person ties. csn tries to support the people of colombia, whose lives and communities are under threat every day.







csn works
csn works for a negotiated solution to the colombian conflict and peace with justice in colombia, through strengthening civilian society and giving support to grassroots groups.








carol chomsky forest

the great knot of mountains known as the colombian massif is the birthplace of the magdalena, cauca, caqueta and patia rivers. containing 362 bodies of water in the mountains, this area is the source of 70% of the water for human consumption and irrigation in the region.
multi-national mining companies with the blessing of the colombian government threaten to destroy the pristine resources of this area.
read more


what is the colombia support network? 
the colombia support network is a grassroots organization, with 501 (c)(3) status, created to give solidarity to the colombian people through sister city projects, delegations and petitions to educate members of the u.s. government. we also invite guest speakers and carry out outreach activities through print and electronic mediums.


we invite you to get involved. here are some ways you can join us.

 

get involved

join csn’s urgent action network by enlisting the support of many, we can stop atrocities before they happen and demand action when they do occur.
just enter your email address to join:
email:




powered by riseup.net

join csn join us now. joining is easy and reasonable. you'll receive csn's highly regarded  quarterly  newsletter, action on colombia. news available nowhere else!
visit us on  facebook

donate while we rely mostly on volunteers, maintaining an office, a small staff and this website requires money too.  please do your part and give to support the work of bringing peace and justice to the people of this country.  any small donation goes a long way and big donations go even further.  please be generous and support our work today.

visit our  donors page or click below to donate now.











 


urgent action

demand investigation of two murders of peace community members and protective measures for other residents under threat
to colombia support network (csn) members and other interested persons: on march 19, 2024 two persons in the peace community …  read more »

latest news

“with trump there may be ideological differences, but……
….it’s possible that we may find points for practicalcooperation”: daniel garcía peña by patricia lara salive, cambiocolombia, january 19, 2025 …  read more »


historic: the peace community of san josé de apartadó and the colombian government reach an agreement for collective reparation
by alejandra bonilla mora, cambiocolombia, january 12, 2025 https://cambiocolombia.com/poder/historico-acuerdo-comunidad-de-paz-apartado-estado-colombiano (translated by eunice gibson, csn volunteer translator) cambio here reveals the …  read more »


about venezuela’s dictatorship
by rodrigo uprimny, el espectador, january 11, 2025 https://www.elespectador.com/opinion/columnistas/rodrigo-uprimny/sobre-la-dictadura-venezolana/ (translated by eunice gibson, csn volunteer translator) i have some certainties …  read more »


are we condemned to inequality in colombia? that’s what the world bank is saying
by laura lucía becerra elejalde, cambiocolombia, january 7, 2025 https://cambiocolombia.com/economia/desigualdad-colombia-persistencia-banco-mundial (translated by eunice gibson, csn volunteer translator) colombia is one …  read more »

editorials

csn statement regarding threats against the jep
the president of the special jurisdiction for peace (jep), roberto vidal, has reiterated his deep concern over death threats against …  read more »





			©2025 colombia support network		

 



