       
	home
        



         



 


about aipla


125th anniversary 


125 member spotlight




aipla president's report


become a member


board of directors


board meeting schedule




aipla headquarters staff


welcome




who we are


aipla strategic plan


ethics & professionalism


articles of incorporation


hall of presidents


bylaws


aipla past action manual and board resolutions


special meeting of the membership




strategic plan


annual report


what is ip law?


photos


terms and conditions


privacy policy


contact us


advertising, exhibitor and sponsorship opportunities




diversity statement


become a member


careers


aipla connect


 


welcome 
profile
sign out


sign in







 


meetings & education


2025 leadership forum


2024 annual meeting


2023 annual meeting


2023 mid-winter institute


event calendar


online learning academy


on-demand stated meetings


library of meeting materials


live webinars


continuing legal education (cle)


all access pass


photos


speaker bank application


speaker bank directory (aipla members only)






committees & connections


aipla committees overview


committees


aippi-us


alternative dispute resolution (adr)


amicus


antitrust law


biotechnology


chemical practice


copyright law


corporate practice


design rights


diversity in ip law


electronic and computer law


emerging technologies


aipla fellows


food and drug


harmonization


international and foreign law


international trade commission


ip law associations


ip practice in china


ip practice in europe


ip practice in israel


ip practice in japan


ip practice in latin america


ip practice in the asia pacific


ip transactions


mergers and acquisitions




law practice management


legislation


membership


mentoring


new lawyers


online ip enforcement & anti-counterfeiting committee


online programs


patent agents


patent cooperation treaty issues


patent law


patent litigation


survey model patent jury instructions




patent relations with the uspto


privacy & data security


pro bono


committee on the profession


professional programs


ptab trial


public appointments


standards and open source


trade secret law


trademark law


trademark litigation


trademark treaties and international law


trademark-relations with the uspto


women in ip law




new! committee app


committee microsites: aipla connect




how to join a committee


volunteer board


general committee faqs


committee handbook


aipla list of arbitrators and mediators - policy and disclaimers 




member center


member benefits


professional liability/cyber liability insurance




become a member


membership categories and annual dues


refer-a-friend program


aipla benefits for corporate practitioners


new member recruitment


member directory


online new member welcome kit




news & publications


direct™


ebulletins


innovate magazine


model patent jury instructions


model patent rules


newsstand


press releases


quarterly journal


report of the economic survey


aipla bloomberg bna books




student & public resources


aipla's list of mediators and arbitrators


model patent rules


ip marketplace


law school link


model patent jury instructions


uspto bcp meetings


world ip day


model patent prosecution templates


aipla/uspto women entrepreneur mentoring program


programs & awards


jan jancin competition


maurice klitzman award


robert c. watson award


moot court competition


previous honorees




sample ip agreements




policy & advocacy


executive advocacy


legislative advocacy


international advocacy


judicial advocacy




     



                join us
            













welcome to aipla, the association for ip professionalsaipla empowers its members to become better practitioners and leaders through its ip-focused news, information, networking and advocacy efforts.  see what aipla can do for you! visit our member center to learn more - or reach out to our membership team at membership@aipla.org or 703.412.4341 for additional information.  we are here to help!  check out our newest members here: aipla.org/members.  
visit 

aiplaconnect to see what is happening in our aipla communities.  already a member? don't forget to login for full access! 




























upcoming events  upcoming events  






2025 patent prosecution boot camp - arlington, va

                march 5 to 7, 2025
            
register today and don't miss out! the 2025 patent prosecution boot camp is a comprehensive, cle-accredited seminar that includes instructional lecture-style sessions with practical tips on u.s. and international patent preparation and prosecution, as well as hands-on interactive workshops that will walk you through drafting claims and responding to office actions.  registration is now open!





2025 trade secret summit

                march 27 to 28, 2025
            
registration is now open! the aipla trade secret summit is the leading trade secret conference in the nation, with speakers from across the spectrum of private practitioners, in-house counsel, government, and academia, as well as fantastic networking opportunities. cle credits will be available. registration is now open!





2025 women in ip law global networking event

                april 3, 2025
            
the annual global networking event connects intellectual property practitioners from around the world for a day of networking, education, and creating meaningful connections. this year’s theme, innovation and collaboration, is an opportunity for the aipla women in ip law committee to come together and discuss how women drive innovation and foster collaboration in their workplace.





























upcoming webinarsupcoming webinars 






aipla cle webinar: practitioner harmonization: now and the future

                february 19, 2025 1:00 pm to 2:30 pm
                      |   up to 90 mins ethics cle pending
            
aipla's patent agent committee presents the aipla cle webinar: practitioner harmonization: now and the future. this webinar presents a panel discussion over partnership, fee sharing, and forming a law firm between patent attorneys and patent agents, as authorized practitioners of law, and patent agent-client privilege from a global perspective. the panel will revisit aba model rule §5.4 and uspto rule 37 cfr §11 and relevant case laws. the discussion will also cover efforts of the national association of patent practitioners (napp) for the patent practitioner harmonization, the american intellectual property law association (aipla) resolution supporting such harmonization and its advocacy on global privilege harmonization., and the 2021 changes in the regulation of legal practice in arizona. the panel will discuss the status quo, challenges, and how the legal society and stakeholders can benefit from patent practitioner harmonization.





aipla diversity in ip law committee: navigating the state of dei in 2025

                february 25, 2025 2:00 pm to 3:00 pm
                      |   no cle
            
the aipla diversity in ip law committee will be holding a webinar where we will hear from labor and employee attorney alexandra barnett for a review of the current state of the dei landscape. alexandra will discuss the current state of play and share practical considerations for legal professionals, both in law firms, corporations, and other sectors.





aipla cle webinar: damages 2024 year in review: lessons and litigation strategies

                february 26, 2025 2:00 pm to 3:30 pm
                      |   up to 90 mins cle pending
            
this year’s panel of experts will leverage decades of deep litigation experience in patent- and other ip-related matters to provide webinar attendees with insight on recent cases from the perspectives of private practice litigators and testifying experts.  in a conversational format, our panel will address issues of high importance from 2024’s most interesting ip damages cases.  among other topics, our panel will discuss recent developments regarding expert admissibility, use of prior agreements, extraterritorial damages, and trade secret damages.



latest ip news more updates﻿






aipla comments on proposed thai patent law
february 5, 2025
arlington, va. january 30, 2025 –the american intellectual property law association (aipla) submitted comments to the department of intellectual property of thailand on the new draft patent law being considered for adoption. the comments focus on many issues in the proposed law relating to patent registration, subject matter eligibility, patent term extensions, and enforcement, among other matters.





aipla and ipo issue joint letter to congress urging action to reduce patent backlog
february 4, 2025
in a joint letter, aipla and ipo urged congress to ensure the uspto has the resources and flexibility needed to address its patent application backlog, which has reached 826,000. the letter notes that timely patent examination is essential to us innovation, economic growth, and global competitiveness, yet recent executive actions—such as a hiring freeze, return-to-office mandates, and employee buyouts—may impact the uspto’s operations. unlike other agencies, the uspto is funded by user fees, not taxpayer dollars, and must retain resources to process applications efficiently. restrictive policies could slow innovation, weaken ip protection, and harm us economic leadership. secretary of commerce nominee howard lutnick has acknowledged the urgency of reducing delays, and we support efforts to strengthen the uspto’s capacity. aipla and ipo welcome the opportunity to work with congress on legislative and administrative solutions that support american inventors and businesses.





updates on the forthcoming uspto patent fees
january 17, 2025
on november 20, 2024, the uspto published its final rule, “setting and adjusting patent fees during fiscal year 2025,” which will take effect on sunday, january 19, 2025. since the april 3, 2024, notice of proposed rulemaking to establish or increase certain patent fees, aipla has actively engaged with its members by gathering feedback, submitting written comments, meeting with uspto officials, and hosting informational webinars to keep members informed of the changes. as the implementation date approaches, members have raised additional questions, prompting aipla to seek clarification from the uspto. read below the results of our outreach with the office.























aipla direct more updates 






updates on the forthcoming uspto patent fees
january 17, 2025
on november 20, 2024, the uspto published its final rule, “setting and adjusting patent fees during fiscal year 2025,” which will take effect on sunday, january 19, 2025. since the april 3, 2024, notice of proposed rulemaking to establish or increase certain patent fees, aipla has actively engaged with its members by gathering feedback, submitting written comments, meeting with uspto officials, and hosting informational webinars to keep members informed of the changes. as the implementation date approaches, members have raised additional questions, prompting aipla to seek clarification from the uspto. read below the results of our outreach with the office.





supreme court upholds rejection of "trump too small" trademark in vidal v. elster
june 14, 2024
on june 13, 2024, the supreme court decided that the lanham act’s names clause does not violate the first amendment. the decision contrasts with the amicus brief filed by aipla on august 1, 2023.





supreme court affirms eleventh circuit’s ruling in warner chappell music, inc. v. sherman nealy
may 9, 2024
on may 9, 2024, the supreme court issued a 6-3 decision in warner chappell music, inc., et al. v. sherman nealy, et al., affirming the eleventh circuit’s ruling that, provided suit is timely filed under the discovery rule, copyright damages are recoverable for infringements occurring prior to the copyright act’s three-year statute of limitations.  the majority opinion is consistent with the amicus brief filed by aipla on december 1, 2023. to read the opinion of the court, please click here.






            disaster relief resources
        


                disaster relief resources
            






            media kit
        


                view the 2025 media kit
            






            strategic plan
        


                view the strategic plan
            



















                    my profile
                







                    find a committee
                







                    webinars
                







                    aipla list of arbitrators & mediators
                







                    find a publication
                







                    global ip
                









  













     



  






 
1400 crystal drive, suite 600, arlington, va 22202
telephone: 703-415-0780     fax: 703-415-0786     aipla@aipla.org    

© 2018-2024 american intellectual property law association. all rights reserved. terms of use | privacy policy | site map

  














   
