


st. innocent of alaska eastern orthodox mission




  



 


i am god's wheat, ground fine by the teeth
of wild beasts, that i may be found the pure bread of christ... if
the lions are lazy poke them.


with words like these st. ignatius of antioch
exhorted the flock at rome not to hinder his martyrdom. the eastern
orthodox
church began in the catacombs, and has, through the centuries, remained
faithful to the original spirit of christ's teaching, through the
living
apostolic tradition, revealed by the holy spirit. 


the heart of ancient mystical
christianity
the earliest christians, who lived in constant
expectation of dying for their faith, found strength in the daily cycle
of prayer services (which were themselves an outgrowth and fulfillment
of the jewish tradition). jesus said "my kingdom is not of this world."
(jn 18:36) today, in the face of the increasing emptiness and
alienation of our modern society, we need more than ever to regain this
ancient understanding of the meaning of life, which leads us to the
fount of true joy and sacrificial love.
after the legalization of christianity in 313,
many god-seeking
men and women left the tumult and mediocrity of worldly life, and
headed
into the desert, giving rise to the monastic movement. after years of
prayer,
repentence, and toil, many of these strugglers were genuinely graced by
god
with tangible holiness, and became fountains of hope, consolation, and
spiritual
guidance to pilgrims from the world who sought them out. their lives
and
writings remain such for us today.

  my joy, i beg you,
acquire the
spirit of peace. that means to bring oneself to such a state that our
spirit will not be disturbed by anything. for one must go through many
sorrows to
enter the kingdom of heaven. this is the way all righteous men were
saved
and inherited the heavenly kingdom.


when the spirit of god comes down to man and
overshadows him with the fullness of his inspiration, then the human
soul overflows with unspeakable joy, for the spirit of god fills with
joy whatever he touches. - st. seraphim of
sarov 

 


  we knew not whether we
were in
heaven or on earth, for surely there is no such splendour or beauty
anywhere upon earth. we cannot describe it to you: only this we know,
that god dwells there among men, and that their service surpasses the
worship of all other places. for we cannot forget that beauty. - envoys of the russian prince vladimir, after experiencing
the divine liturgy at the church of the hagia sophia in constantinople
in the year 987. 

the ancient orthodox liturgical services engage
the
whole body, mind, and spirit, through all the senses, with their
timeless, otherworldly beauty. written by saints inspired by god, the
prayers and
psalms lift us out of the fallen world and transport us into the
heavenly
realm, where we join the angels and saints in worshiping god which is
the
fulfillment of our heart's deepest longing and that for which we were
created.

leaping up with joy, let us and all the
faithful cry aloud today: how marvellous are thy works, o christ! how
great is thy might! - (matins service, 1st sunday of lent)

lovers of truth
the search for truth is a matter of life or death.
one cannot stop halfway, appeased by deceptive satisfactions. but the
search is not merely a horizontal survey of all the world's ideas. one
must
honestly dig deeper into oneself, and reach higher into heaven. love
for truth is the cornerstone of spiritual life. 



why do men learn through pain and suffering,
and not through pleasure and happiness? very simply, because pleasure
and happiness accustom one to satisfaction with the things given in
this
world, whereas pain and suffering drive one to seek a more profound
happiness beyond the limitations of this world. -
fr. seraphim rose 

 




  

true christian love is not just a feeling or
a
pleasant disposition of the soul. it is a self-sacrificing, ceaseless,
life-long
act of heroism unto death. it is fiery yet dispassionate, not dependent
on
anything, not on being loved in return or having a kinship of blood.one
no
longer thinks of receiving something for oneself. one can be spat upon
and
reviled, and yet in this suffering there is such a deep, profound peace
that
one finds it impossible to return to the lifeless state one was in
before
the suffering. one blesses life and all that is around one, and this
blessing
becomes universal. such love can only come from god. this is the only
love
that christ is truly interested in the love he came to earth to show
and
teach humanity. with this love he gave up his spirit on the cross. - (monk damascene, orthodox word #175) 

freedom from the tyranny of
fashion 

  if anyone wishes to
come after
me, let
him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me. - mark 8:34
for whom the lord loveth he chasteneth - heb 12:6

our modern shallow age has almost entirely lost
any understanding
of the value of suffering; of the virtues; of qualities of the soul
worth
struggling to acquire. immersing oneself in the lives and writings of
the
ancients makes possible the restoration of our true nature. 

very many wish to be vouchsafed the kingdom
without labors, without struggles, without sweat; but this is
impossible.
if you love the glories of men, and desire to be worshipped, and seek
comfort, you are going off the path. you must be crucified with the
crucified one, suffer with him that suffered, that you may be glorified
with him that is glorified.- st. macarius of egypt

 


the most interesting thing about christianity
is the ascetics, because they make all of christ's talk about the
kingdom of god make sense... the saints are three-dimensional, because
they have sought and attained the kindom of god and his righteousness.
they try
their best to get it across to us, and it's only our denseness that
prevents us from understanding their experience. - (from not of
this world,
st. herman press, p. 466)

the lives of the saints and martyrs give hope and
inspiration to a world sorely lacking in heroes. the accounts of their
lives could be considered "the continuation of the acts of the apostles
from a.d.
57 to the present". their self-denying love and martyric witness is a
convincing proof that christ's kingdom is "not of this world".
therefore, since we are surrounded by so great
a
cloud of witnesses let us run with endurance the race that is set
before
us, despising the shame (heb. 12:1), seeking to live in oneness of
soul,
in the inner desert, building a fervent community of co-strugglers,
nourishing
our souls daily with food from this ancient holy way of life.
"if it were not for women, who else would
defend the
church?" - bishop damascene of the persecuted catacomb church in
russia
 


it is true that there is no longer anyone to
fight against us as of old, since your love has grown cold and you have
become engrossed with worldly and earthly affairs. but there is still
one thing left in this monastery that disturbs us and causes us
anxiety. it is those filthy rags, i mean the books - perdition take
them! - that you have in your library. we live in fear and trembling
lest any of the younger monks ever take them into his hands and begin
reading them. once they begin reading those accursed rags, they learn
of your ancient piety and your ancient
enmity against us, and the little upstarts begin raging against us.
they
learn that the christians of old, both lay and monastic, used to pray
unceasingly,
fast, examine and confess their thoughts, keep vigil and live as though
they were foreigners and strangers in this world. then, simple- minded
as they are, they actually begin putting that foolishness into
practice.
furthermore, they even take all of the scriptures seriously they rave
and
rail against us like wild beasts; let me tell you, one of those
hot-headed
fools is enough to chase us all out of here. (a
demon, constrained by the might of god to reveal his secret to elder
sophronius
at niamets monastery, early 1800's) from
blessed
paisius velichkovsky - st. paisius abbey press, p. 261




  

go ye therefore into the highways, and as
many
as ye shall find, bid to the marriage. matt 22:9

one of the primary means of outreach for the
mission is the st. innocent of alaska eastern orthodox bookstore. we
carry a
selection of over 200 different titles, covering: history of the early
church, accounts of the martyrs of the persecuted church, wisdom of the
desert fathers and mothers, and the lives of holy men and women (and
children!) from early through modern times; traditional mystical,
theological and
dogmatic writings of the church, scripture commentaries, spiritual
warfare,
iconography, symbolism of the church and its adornments, and ancient
prayer
services. we also have a large selection of mounted and unmounted
reproductions
of holy icons, as well as music tapes and cd's, wall crosses and lapel
crosses, incense, lampadas, icon lapel buttons, greeting cards, and
other
items. presently, hours are by appointment. please call for more
information.
st. innocent of alaska
 
a highly inventive and creative missionary pastor
to the aleuts and tlinglits in the 1820's-50's, with his wife,
mother-in-law, brother, and six children; his arrival was once foretold
by an aleut
holy man and he was eagerly received. traveling by kayak throughout the
islands, he created written forms of the aleut and tlinglit languages,
translated the scriptures and divine services, built churches, started
schools and composed textbooks, and taught carpentry, blacksmithing,
and
masonry, as well as academics. an ardent naturalist, he studied the
land,
customs and traditions of the people, and peacefully presented the
gospel
with love and meekness. greatly loved, he led a multitude of souls into
the holy church. in later years he became head of the russian church.
he
gave astounding advice to form young pastors, emphasizing farming,
medicine,
and secular classical literature. he entered the heavenly kingdom march
31, 1879. 
general schedule of activities 

 

our church is located at 747 thompson memorial drive (state route 311) in salem. we
are
about half way between main st. (rt. 460), and interstate 81 exit 140. (see map) our schedule
of services currently includes:
 



vigil service - saturday 7:00 pm 
midnight office - sunday 9:15 am 
divine liturgy - sunday 10:00 am 
vespers - wednesday 7:00 pm 
special services for feast days.



 all of our services are in english, and
everyone
is welcome.
  bookstore hours - before &
after services, and other times
by appointment.



view pictures of our  new church
building  

books,music,&more...3 children
in the fiery furnace  



for more information please contact:
father michael furry
saint innocent of alaska eastern orthodox
church 
747 thompson memorial drive salem, va 24153 
(540) 389-6226 

e-mail: frmichael@stinnocent.com  
(please put "re:orthodoxy" in the subject line, so your message won't
get
lost with spam)

a mission parish under his
very most reverend metropolitan joseph of the 
bulgarian eastern orthodox
diocese of
the usa, canada, and australia.
 











