


the crosspoint blog























    
	the crosspoint blog
	
  



check out our weekly newsletter here, and our calendar of events here.



friday, april 14, 2006



	 we've moved!
    


hey there,in case you didn't know, we moved the blog into our new site.you can check it out at:crosspointfellowship.org/blog



posted by crosspoint fellowship @ 9:23 am  
      
         0 comments






thursday, march 02, 2006



	 important! importante! wichtig!
    


in case you didn't know, or just forgot, we're meeting at the storefront this sunday. be sure to remind anyone you see--3346 rebecca ln next to kc cleaners and betty rose's.in addition, here's a heads up. we're re-designing the website, so it may be down at various points during the next week or so. we'll use the blog for any announcements that pop up in the meantime. hopefully the change won't take too long, and we'll be able to enjoy the new and improved crosspointfellowship.org very soon!see you sunday!



posted by crosspoint fellowship @ 1:21 pm  
      
         0 comments






monday, february 27, 2006



	 february 26 questions
    


as we conclude our series on relationships, we're considering our relationship to god's  creation.  consider these questions in your personal or group study this week. read genesis 1:1-2:3do you think the church tends to neglect speaking and teaching about creation? if so, why?has nature ever played a role in your relationship to god?do you tend to give creation too much attention or too little?how can the church emphasize the role of creation as described in genesis without going too far?



posted by crosspoint fellowship @ 1:02 pm  
      
         0 comments






sunday, february 19, 2006



	 february 19 questions
    


being a mature church means connecting to the world around us. consider paul's message to the corinthians in i corinthians 3:1-10 this week as we learn what it means to be outwardly-focused.when have you been guilty of selfishness? how did you come to realize that selfishness?have you been part of a church that was immature? what role did selfishness play in that church's life?what does a mature church look like?why is it so easy to be inwardly focused as a church?sometimes, our efforts to reach the world are really efforts to make the world just like us. describe the difference between a church that focuses on multiplication versus one that focuses on replication.what do you first think of when you hear the word 'missionary'? why? is that a proper understanding?what is the worst thing a church could do to the outside world?



posted by crosspoint fellowship @ 1:19 pm  
      
         0 comments






monday, january 30, 2006



	 january 29 questions
    


part of understanding balance in our faith comes when we allow that balance to be challenged. read joshua chapter 2 and reflect upon the dangerous obedience and provision shown by the spies. consider these ideas and questions this week.describe a time when you made a significant step in your relationship with god.was that a result of you making an effort to seek god?are there areas in your faith life in which you feel you are too safe?why do you think we tend to stay safe in our faith?what can you do this week to risk balance for the sake of knowing god better?



posted by crosspoint fellowship @ 9:02 am  
      
         0 comments






sunday, january 22, 2006



	 january 22 questions
    


so much of our faith is shaped by time. one of the dangers we face is that we become imbalanced in our attention to the past, present, and future. consider these questions in your personal and group study of joshua 3-4.what event (or events) in your life up to this point has had the greatest impact on who you are now?how do you generally view your current situation in life - more towards the positive or the negative point of view?what events are you looking forward to in your future - both short-term and long-term?do you feel like you do a good job balancing your attention to the past, present and future? do you tend to focus too much on one?read joshua 3-4. what elements of time do you see in this account of the hebrews' journey?what role do the 12 stones play in the story and in the past, present, and future of god's people?what role does time play in your faith?



posted by crosspoint fellowship @ 3:29 pm  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, january 17, 2006



	 january 15 questions
    


maintaining balance in our spiritual lives is similar to riding a bike--balance is necessary to get from one point to another. consider these questions in your study and reflection this week.what does a balanced spiritual life look like to you?describe a time when you faced an obstacle that knocked you off balance in your spiritual life.read deuteronomy 34:1-12. re-read verses 1-4, and consider it from moses' perspective.have you considered what your "promised land" might be? are you willing to go there, but not get there, as moses?can you think of others (biblical characters, historical figures, family members, friends) who have made progress on the way to a destination but did not get there?what are you leaving for those who will continue the journey after you?how do you keep your journey from becoming wandering?



posted by crosspoint fellowship @ 11:23 am  
      
         0 comments











about me

name:  crosspoint fellowship 
location:  abilene, tx 
view my complete profile



links

crosspointfellowship.org
our calendar

previous posts

we've moved!
important! importante! wichtig!
february 26 questions
february 19 questions
january 29 questions
january 22 questions
january 15 questions
january 8 questions
december 11 questions
advent devotional

archives

october 2004
november 2004
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006









 













