










holistic health practitioner - homeopathic clinic in saratoga | sandra kamiak m.d

































































































14583 big basin way-unit 3b, saratoga, ca 95070-6072
408-741-1332
skamiak@aol.com




hours: weekdays 10:00 am - 8:00 pm (by appointment)






















home
about
integrative medicine

holistic healing
homeopathy
 psychosynthesis / integrative psychiatry
addiction and codependency
nutritional support
consciousness

office
resources

useful links
videos


blogscontact us

 

 
 
 



holistic health practitioner


wellness is a key goal in holistic healing, as is self-empowerment and responsibility for one's life and health. essentially, all healing is self-healing!
						
call 408-741-1332 for appointment!


 









homeopathy offers wellness for complete health

homeopathy is a popular form of alternative, holistic healing as it treats the person as a whole. homeopathy, as a deep treatment that covers the totality of the individual's physical-emotional-mental state & while it takes time to achieve a total cure, healing through years or layers of symptoms, it can also be a very good, safe vibrational medicine for treating acute ailments as well. homeopathic medicines have no harmful side effects as it uses a very small and diluted amount of the active ingredient that treats the illness. so the treatment may take longer but the outcome is usually more effective and long-lasting.
with more and more people taking to homeopathy all over the world, it comes as no surprise that saratoga is also walking the same path. homeopathy has been embraced by people from all walks of life to treat a range of ailments, starting from lifestyle diseases, to allergies, headaches, anxiety, depression, add, chronic fatigue, pms, menopause, endocrine, immune, and nervous system disorders and everything in between. it is also most helpful to have a homeopathic physician that was trained in the traditional world of allopathic (regular) medicine, as well as classical homeopathy. one  homeopathic doctor in the bay area that has carved out a niche of her own to assist people in seeking wellness of body, mind & spirit is sandra kamiak, m.d.





 
 








 






 
 
 
 



















interconnected in the creator's universe

sandra kamiak,m.d. offers an inspirational journey about body- mind-spiritual healing, in unity, for all of mankind, in oneness with all of the earth...















 psychosynthesis / integrative psychiatry - growth counseling

this is a form of personal and transpersonal (spiritual) psychotherapy, that not only brings relief...

know more















standard process whole food nutrition

provides high quality whole food nutrition. "since inception, the standard process farms have only employed organic farming techniques

know more















download office forms

patient fact sheet
financial agreement form
medical history form doc
medical history form pdf
introduction to homeopathy




 
 
 
 








classical homeopathy 
holistic healing and wellness

holistic healing and wellness will include finding balance between the various roles one has with their family, work, exercise, relaxation, reflective inner life, outer social life, or in service to others. 
								

know more

 
 
 
 









testimonials

									   i was suffering from several emotional problems including depression and anxiety and was going through a divorce...i went to see  dr kamiak and she helped me a great deal...in fact, in my opinion, she went far beyond what i had expected.
									   i had never tried any holistic or homeopathic remedy treatments before but found dr kamiak to be informative and very kind.
									   i found her very helpful in that she used a combination of treatments for me including holistic and orthodox medicine.
									   her office is beautiful and she was very uplifting for me...i recommend her wholeheartedly!  - george p., santa clara, ca

more testimonials...


 
 
 
 










homeopathy is a popular form of alternative, holistic healing as it treats the person as a whole. homeopathy, as a deep treatment that covers the totality of the individual's physical-emotional-mental state & while it takes time to achieve a total cure.
								






get in touch

14583 big basin way-unit 3b,
saratoga, ca 95070-6072



email: skamiak@aol.com

phone: 408-741-1332







quick links


home
about
integrative medicine
office
videos
contact us







follow us on









psychological growth and healing 

 national center for homeopathy

 
 






© sandra kamiak md. all rights reserved.





powered by localbiznetwork


 
 
 
 
 































 