

















industrial and commercial laundry equipment | b&c technologies































b&c technologies









search


b&c newsletter

b&c blog


about us

contact us

b&c canada

site map

copyright























renaissance hotel, edmonton airport



loading the player...


click the × in the upper right corner or anywhere outside this box to close.
×


canalta hotel group



loading the player...


click the × in the upper right corner or anywhere outside this box to close.
×




washers »

washer program overview
hx series - vended and on-premise hardmount, 200g and 400g (22-110 pound)
he series - standard hardmount (35-110 pound)
hp series - professional hardmount (65-125 pound)
sp series - professional softmount (45-195 pound)
si series - industrial softmount (110-300 pound)
sa series - automatic softmount (275-475 pound)
sb series - barrier softmount (60-485 pound)

dryers »

dryer program overview
ts series - drying cabinets
fc series - fireman's ppe cabinet
de series - standard dryer (30-190 pound)
dp series - professional dryer (200-250 pound)
di series - industrial dryer (225-475 pound)

ironers »

ironer program overview
ic series (8, 13, or 20 inch roll)

ir series (24, 32, or 40 inch roll)
iq series (24, 32, or 40 inch with feeding / primary folding)
if series (24, 32, or 40 inch with feeding / folding / stacking)
im series (32 or 48 inch deep chest multiroll)

finishing »

finishing program overview
pf series small piece folder
pd series flatwork feeder
ps series flatwork folder

parts »

search for parts
enter all or part of the part number or description - leave off any leading or trailing letters. 
                for example, if you are searching for f380715, enter 380715.
part number or description: 


order online!
have an account with us?  get our handy
			order form and fax in your order today, or order on line!
			prefiere espanol?  partes de lavanderia comerciales formulario de pedido.
			


service »

technical service
videos on technical service
service school information & registration
general information
installation & operation manuals
parts manuals
control manuals
programming software
standard programs

login »

distributor login


usernames and passwords are case sensitive.


username




password























industrial and commercial laundry machines from b&c

			b&c technologies is the industry leader in industrial and commercial laundry equipment with a full line of commercial washers, dryers, ironers, feeders, and folders.  backed by the most trusted names in the industry b&c offers a complete line of commercial laundry equipment to fit any laundry demands.  from our reliable line of commercial washing machines to our durable line of dryers and finishing equipment we have everything you need.  
		
the most comprehensive line available from one single source

highest quality components lead to less equipment downtime and repair 
all lines are made for long life
easy to use controls
reduces energy and labor costs
dedicated to customer service




latest news
  









commercial washers and industrial washers
your savings begin with our full line of reliable and economical washing machines.  at b&c, we have the most comprehensive washer line, from 22 pounds to 475 pounds.



commercial dryers and industrial dryers and drying cabinets
to complement your washer, we carry a full line of the most durable dryers and drying cabinets.  your savings continue when you choose a b&c dryer, available from 30 to 475 pounds.



commercial ironers and industrial ironers
to get that perfect finishing touch you need a b&c commercial ironer.  our ironers are built to last and range in sizes from 8 to 48 inch roller diameters and from 55 to 130 inch working widths (and wider). we have a machine to fit most any need.



commercial and industrial feeding and folding
take a look at our complete line, including 1, 2, 3, and 4 station feeders, flatwork folders, plus a powerful and flexible line of small piece towel and garment folders.






get in touch!


have any questions about b&c?  we'd love to hear from you.


email us
phone us












© 2025 b&c technologies

17740 ashley drive
panama city beach, 
			fl 32413

			phone: 850-249-2222
https://bandctech.com





commercial washers
commercial dryers
commercial ironers
commercial finishing
b&c commercial laundry blog
dealer login
b&c news
about us
contact us
b&c canada
site map
copyright











search the b&c technologies site













click the × in the upper right corner or anywhere outside this box to close.
×



search for parts
enter all or part of the part number or description - leave off any leading or trailing letters. 
                for example, if you are searching for f380715, enter 380715.
part number or description: 


order online!
have an account with us?  get our handy
			order form and fax in your order today, or order on line here!
			



click the × in the upper right corner or anywhere outside this box to close.
×








