



franklin mutual insurance | home & business insurance













































 


 my account
 agent login
about

 about fmi
 financial
 privacy notice
 terms of service


careers












menu


home insurance

homeowner
condo owner
renter
landlord



business insurance

business owner
workers compensation
religious institution


claims
resource center
contact

locate an agent


















locate an agent 
make a payment
report a claim



franklin mutual insurance is available exclusively through local independent insurance agencies.



zip code*



mile radius

within 5 miles
within 10 miles
within 25 miles




 
or search by county

















































welcome and thank you for visiting our website!
franklin mutual insurance exists for the benefit of our policyholders, independent agents and employees.  we hope that the communities we live in and serve will be better for us having been there. this is a great purpose which we are thankful to have. whether you are a policyholder, agent, member of the public or employee, our goal is that in every interaction you have with fmi you feel appreciated, respected and that your time was well spent.
we welcome your feedback and suggestions. with your help we will meet our goal!
 










home insurance
looking for insurance for your home, condo or apartment?
learn more





business insurance
need insurance for your business or nonprofit organization?
learn more






 


featured articles








the 7 home fire prevention tips everyone forgets but you shouldn't
firefighters respond on average to 
home tipsread more











gain peace of mind & protect your home with a home inventory
no one likes to think about it, but fire departments respond to 
home tipsread more











6 important reasons your home absolutely needs a generator now
snowmageddon, hurricanes, or even just a severe thunderstorm can knock out the power to your home. during the best-case scenarios,  ...


emergency preparedness, home tips, weather safetyread more






subscribe to our newsletter
visit the resource center





 




disclaimer: 
         
   

this web site provides general information only.  actual coverage is subject to the terms, conditions and exclusions stated in the policies.  coverage may be subject to certain limitations or modifications. please consult the actual policy forms for complete details on coverages, conditions and exclusions.





find your policy



home insurance




business insurance




locate an agent





manage your policy



my account




report a claim




view claim status




make a payment





protect your property



home tips




business protection




weather safety




emergency preparedness







        franklin mutual insurance company
5 broad street
branchville, new jersey 07826
phone: (800) 336-3642














© 2025 the franklin mutual insurance co., all rights reserved. 


website by hudson















