security solutions - home & business - adt security nzfor full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript. here are the instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser.contactloginsearchabout adtabout adtlocationshome securityresidential solutionshome security diyautomated home security systemscctvwi-fi camerasadt mobile appadt careadt carenevaalonebusiness securitybusiness securitysmall business securitysmall business security installationcommercial securitybusiness cctv & camerasaccess controlretail solutionshealthcare securityadt finduresourcesresource centrealarm faqsadt blog0800 111 238get a quoteyour trusted partner in security solutions.discover how an adt security system can help protect your property and community.get a quote previoushome security systems24/7 monitored, home security systems with diy options.adt carepersonal alarms that provide peace of mind, safety & security.business security systemscommercial security solutions for large and small businesses. nextmonitoring services24/7 monitoringour adt monitoring centre provides 24/7 surveillance, responding swiftly to various situations like break-ins and motion detection. we cater to a wide range of establishments – homes, retail stores, banks, and residential care facilities. rest assured, an adt security professional is always looking out for your safety.residential surveillanceadt offers round-the-clock alarm monitoring and patrol services, ensuring immediate response to any event. the adt mobile app provides homeowners with remote access to their security systems, notifications, and configurations – allowing you to stay informed and in control.explore home securitypersonal safety monitoringadt extends safety services beyond home surveillance with personal care monitoring solutions.adt findu is a professionally monitored app tailored for high-risk employees like lone workers, night shift personnel and drivers. findu helps organisations safeguard their staff using gprs, real-time alerts and custom responses.nevaalone is adt care’s personal alarm solution for individuals residing at home or in residential care facilities. with integrated features like an emergency alert button, patrol callouts, fall detection and 24/7 monitoring, nevaalone provides peace of mind for individuals and their loved ones.explore adt care business monitoringadt delivers cutting-edge security systems geared towards safeguarding commercial properties and valuable assets. with services ranging from small business solutions to advanced video surveillance, our top-tier technology records activities to identify potential risks and prompt a speedy response from our dedicated monitoring centre.explore business securityhome security systemsyour home is your sanctuary, and we're here to help you keep it that way. our security systems provide an extra layer of protection for you and your loved ones. from alarms, cctv, wi-fi cameras and video doorbells – rest easy knowing your home is secure 24/7 with an adt home security system. learn moreexplore our home security productswi-fi camerasdetect motion and deter potential threats before they become a reality with motion-activated, high-res video evidence. get reliable, remotely-controlled recordings and send a clear message that nothing goes unseen.learn morediy home securityour diy home security solutions provide extensive monitoring for your peace of mind, eliminating the hassle of complicated installations. explore the benefits of our cutting-edge diy security systems designed to safeguard your residence and family.learn morehome security and automationan automated security system integrates key surveillance systems like alarms and cameras with your everyday smart devices to create a connected and intuitive space that adapts to your needs.learn moreadt careyour health is invaluable and so is the peace of mind that comes with knowing you're protected. adt offers medical alarm solutions with round-the-clock support to ensure you and your loved ones are safe, no matter the circumstances. explore our apps and devices designed to give you more control over your safety.learn morebusiness solutionsrunning a business comes with its unique challenges, but security shouldn't be one of them. our business security solutions are tailored to help protect your livelihood, giving you the freedom to focus on what you do best. from professional installation to 24/7 monitoring, adt offers security solutions for all businesses – large and small. learn moreadt finduadt findu is not just a lone worker app; it's a comprehensive safety solution. keep your lone workers safe with data-driven insights, instant alert responses and our 24/7 safety monitoring services. versatile, cost-effective and user-friendly — findu goes beyond enhancing lone worker safety to protect users from all walks of life.learn moreyou can live life better when you’re secure.we understand the importance of feeling safe and secure in your own space. explore our range of solutions for home, business and personal security.get a quotefrom the adt blogview all previoushome security the frequent traveller’s guide to home securityfeb 26, 2024•2 min readinteractive securitymaking lifestyles more secure with home automation systemsfeb 26, 2024•3 min readhome security what can you do if your alarm goes off while you’re away?feb 26, 2024•2 min read nextview all faqsneed more answers?visit our resource centrehow do i contact adt security nz?we're here to help so please get in touch using one of the following options. for all enquiries within new zealand, call us on 0800 111 238. if you’re calling from outside new zealand, dial +64 9 580 9700. you can also send an enquiry via our online form on our website.get in touch todaywho owns adt security nz?adt nz is owned by intelligent monitoring group (img). img provides monitored security solutions that ensure the safety and protection of new zealand businesses, homes, and individuals 24/7. img and its brands are at the forefront of investing in smart and innovative products, operating with the highest security accreditation from its monitoring centres. what do businesses use for security?  the best security system depends on the specific needs of your business. our small business security packages comprise the perfect combination of equipment, specifically chosen by our experts. our larger commercial security systems are more comprehensive, using cutting-edge, sophisticated equipment, including:enterprise access control systemscommercial security alarm systemscommercial security camerascctv security system

ready to get started?complete this form and one of our trained security advisers will be in contact to help create the right adt security system for your needs.or phone us0800 111 238+64 9 580 9700 (outside new zealand)first name*last name*email*phone number*post code*region*select one...aucklandbay of plentycanterburygisbornehawke's baymanawatu - wanganuimarlboroughnelsonnorthlandotagosouthlandtaranakiwaikatotasmanwellingtonwest coastotherdo you have an existing alarm on premise?*select one...noyes, with adtyes, with another brandsend me marketing emails about products, services, and news i agree to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policy *get startedabout adtaboutlocationssolutionsresidentialadt caresmall businesscommercialadt finduresourcesself helpalarm faqsblogquick linkscontactlogin3g network service closurean intelligent monitoring group business (asx:imb)© 2025 adt security limited. all rights reserved.privacy policyinformation collection statement

