


mary's blog


























howmanyofme.comthere are:593people with my namein the u.s.a.how many have your name?

    
	mary's blog
	
  
interesting stories, things that affect my life and people that means a lot to me.. this is my favorite phrase from the song sung by clay walker
"i'm gonna live, gonna laugh, gonna love.. i'm gonna live, laugh, love just for today.. gonna take all the trouble that tomorrow might bring and put it away.. gonna drink every drop of happiness.. til they cover me up.. i'm gonna live, gonna laugh, gonna love.. i'm gonna live, gonna laugh, gonna love.."


 



  
enter your email address below to subscribe to mary's blog!


powered by bloglet








search for gas prices by us zip code 
tuesday, october 21, 2008



	 hello everyone!
    


time sure flies since my last posting. seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months and years keep spinning around and around. there is no way to push a button and make time stop or rewind to the specific moment where you want to be. that is how i feel when i realize it's only 10 more days to my granny's birthday and it is almost 4 months ago since she died. it is going to be hard to celebrate halloween because it is also her birthday. she never liked having her birthday on halloween because of the "evil" scary part of the halloween.. time is getting close to thanksgiving the mark of the our lives changed a year ago when gramps had his stroke. i still do cry when i think of them because my heart aches and it hurts so much when i want to be able to hug them and sit with them listening to the stories they had to say. when i see old men out in town and some of their actions reminds me of gramps when he walked with his walker or grocery shopping cart. when i see granny's clothing in my room, i smell it to remember granny. i am just very grateful that i spent time with them, was with them till the end but it is still not enough for me. i wanted more time, more memories to be made with them. the upcoming holidays will be hard but we will get through this just like each day we have made it through without them but there has been no day gone through without us thinking of them. in general, my family has gone through three deaths in recent months. my grandparents and billy taylor sr. he married our cousin deanna, daughter of virginia and james duncan. virginia and my granny were sisters. he will be missed by many people especially his wife deanna and his 6 children and grandchildren.



posted by *~ li ~*~ la ~*~ lo ~* @ 10/21/2008 10:37:00 pm  
      
         6 comments






sunday, august 10, 2008



	 my granny and gramps, mary and arthur wilkinson 2nd part.
    


my grandparents were buried in raleigh memorial park in raleigh nc at 7501 glenwood ave, raleigh nc. they were buried not too far from granny's parents, grover and fannie pool sr. my granny and gramp's urns buried together. there was 10 white roses and 10 red roses given by wynn's, carver's and mcmillan's family and two red roses given by sandy and ginny duncan.the family members who attended the funeral/memorial services, bucky & mary carver and children; justin, tori and ryan, robert & sandy mcmillan, monroe & lillian wynn, reba jo pool, sandy & ginny duncan, bill & helen duncan and hedy garner-taylor and zayleejustin, tori and ryan posing with their cousins, reba jo pool, bill & helen duncan and sandy & ginny duncan. my mom was really happy to be able to see and use the time we had during the weekend of funeral to catch up with her cousins and here you can see "first cousins" posing together, lillian wynn, daughter of mary and arthur wilkinson, reba jo pool, daughter of grover pool jr and reba pool, sandy and bill duncan and deanna taylor (not present), sons and daughter of virginia and james duncan are the descendants of pool family.



posted by *~ li ~*~ la ~*~ lo ~* @ 8/10/2008 09:05:00 pm  
      
         1 comments






tuesday, august 05, 2008



	 my granny and gramps, mary and arthur wilkinson
    


last picture took of them at anniversary party.since thanksgiving of 2008, our lives has changed as we focused our time and lives among my grandparents, taking care of them and their needs. it was hard to go through the changes they went through in last 8 months.oh yes, we had joy of celebrating their 65th anniversary in april inviting their special friends and family members. they were thrilled to see their guests from michigan, dc, va, nc, pa and tn.  you could see their faces lighten up when each guests come to see them. it was the last time they would get to see each other again as granny died june 27, 2008 at 4:58 am with mom, sandy and i at her sides and gramps died july 12, 2008 at 3:55 am, only 15 days later with mom, sandy and i at his sides. granny and gramps meant so much to me because i looked up to them for many many different things. they taught me so much by showing in their actions, telling stories of their experiences and endless advices. at the anniversary party, several folks has come up and told their stories about granny and gramps and they all have this in common "they helped me, they welcomed me, they taught me, they took me"  my granny and gramps were always willing to offer help any way they could. they loved life and what it offered them especially deaf friends and families as well as pets. granny and gramps are now in heaven rejoicing their freedom and reunited with friends and family members that has departed. i am glad they are now free but my heart still aches for them because i do not have the luxury of calling them on vp or going and see them and sit to talk with them anymore. i am so grateful god chose me to be their granddaughter and paired me with such a wonderful grandparents anyone can ask for..  dear granny and gramps, as i sit here thinking of you both and tears running down my cheeks, my heart aches because i miss you both very much. i look over to places where you usually were and there is no one there. i look at pictures of you both and want to reach over and hug you both.  i loved every moment i get to sit and talk with you. i do still have you both in my heart so i do speak to you from there.  thank you for being wonderful parents to mom and grandparents to sandy and i and even wonderful great grandparents to justin, tori and ryan. as gramps would always say; "good night, good sleep all night, may god always be with you. see you tomorrow! ily" and granny would say "ily always"now i say this to you, good night granny and gramps, sleep tight..  i love you both always and forever. their obituary on knoxville news sentinel among other links- mary wilkinson and arthur wilkinson jr. iad websitedeafnewspaper.com  there is another one coming soon regarding gramps.



posted by *~ li ~*~ la ~*~ lo ~* @ 8/05/2008 05:15:00 pm  
      
         1 comments






saturday, march 08, 2008



	 choices, finally!
    


eversince i moved to knoxville area in 1992, i only knew one place to get interpreter services was from knoxville area community center for the deaf which is now known as kcd (knoxville center of the deaf)and i have always felt that we should have choices of which agency we can promote which will give us interpreter services but that was not happening till now..... actually there was one lady who owned the interpreting business but it was not publicized like kcd was/is so now i think there is three places we can request interpreters from, i'm aware of two but not very sure about the third one yet. the first one of course is kcd and the second one is visual communciation interpretingi believe that there shouldn't be only one agency in area who provides interpreting services.  i believe we as a deaf community should have choices to use one, two or even three or maybe even 10 agencies for interpreting services. so for those who lives in east tennessee, you now have two places to contact for interpretering services, click their websites. i will post if the third one is indeed functioning.  thanks!



posted by *~ li ~*~ la ~*~ lo ~* @ 3/08/2008 12:59:00 am  
      
         0 comments









	 motherhood
    


hello everyone!!  i was reading through paul robertson's website and he had pictures of his late wife angela also known as mollycheck who died in 2005.  she died from non-hogdkin diease.  i am fortunate to know her when we met occasionally at knoxville center of the deaf. she was always very friendly and smiling all the time, someone you would want to know and become friends with. i couldn't make it to her memorial services but heard that there was very heartfelt tribute to her at the services and paul had that slideshow on his blog so i watched it. it showed pictures of her growing up and her three boys which brought me to think about motherhood.  mollycheck is a mom to three boys and my friend traci who died last november from cancer is also a mother to two boys.  i sit here wondering, why do those moms has to leave their children at young age?  i know god has better plans for them when he decided that it's time for mollycheck and traci to leave.  when it is my time to leave my children and husband, i would want for them to know i love them very very much and would give up anything for them.  justin is my oldest son and he does bring roller coaster ride in our lives as he goes through each age phases and he's turning 17 in august. i love him more than he realizes it.  i know it seems like i'm "mean" "tough" "bossy" but that is my job as mom to make sure that he knows what's right or wrong in life, which friends really deserve to be his friends and try to make him a better person for his future. i am proud of him with the success he has and how smart he is and when he applies it to his studies.i love tori as she's my only daughter and that's something special when you have mainly male household to have another female living along you. i know tori is daddy's little girl and she loves to be with her dad but i do cherish those moments where she will be spending time with me.  she is very competitive and athletic, enjoying pushing herself to the extreme. i just pray and hope that she will continue to do this but in right way and for the right things in future. tori, please do remember i love you very much and i know you hug me! ryan is a mommy's boy all the way, i love the way ryan spend the time he has with us whenever he is not busy playing with his friends. i cherish those moments where he snuggle beside me and want my undivided attention,  steal some moments to sleep with me when dad is not in bed yet, he makes me swell with pride and joy to be a mom when he does those small stuff that meant nothing to many but meant so much to me. i do not want to leave my children any time soon but if it's in god's will, so be it so i want my children to know no matter how old they are, no matter what their lives lead them to, they are my children and i love them unconditionally.  i am so proud to be their mom.  i know that is same thing mollycheck and traci feel when they depart earth and their families. thanks.



posted by *~ li ~*~ la ~*~ lo ~* @ 3/08/2008 12:21:00 am  
      
         1 comments






wednesday, february 27, 2008



	 kevin mowl
    


hello everyone!yes, today i am home because justin and ryan's school has been cancelled due to snow. the boys are so excited! :) today is also my one year anniversary working at aui but i'm not working. how ironic! :) i wanted to post this link so we can honor kevin mowl as i recently got the link to a solider has deaf family members who went to baghdad and was injured by a blast on august 2nd has died on feburary 25th. please go to http://www.caringbridge.org and log in and type in kevinmowl for the page to view. there are pictures, journals of what he has to endure while his stay in naval hospital in md. i know his great aunt betty lawson as she used to live here in knoxville, tn. and the point that he has deaf family members (mowl family) hit home with me, i'm sure there are many deaf families that has their children, sibling sent to iraq to protect us americans. i salute them. i do wish there is no more war but i do have very much deep respect for our soliders as they face things that we do not face in our daily lives. i do have soliders and veterans in family and in-laws. please do take the time to tell them that we are very thankful for their time serving our country. also keep the soliders that are overseas and in america in our prayers and thoughts. thanks! till then- m-



posted by *~ li ~*~ la ~*~ lo ~* @ 2/27/2008 10:10:00 am  
      
         1 comments






tuesday, february 19, 2008



	 hello everyone,
    


hello, hello, hello!! how have 2008 been treating you everyone?? i think my year is starting off on good feet!   bucky and i joined gym and have been going three - four times a week to work out while ryan goes to classes (strong kids, yoga and karate) so it gives us time to get our work out.  justin and tori signed up also and tori has been working out with bucky and i.   last friday bucky and i decided to make a trip to visit his mom and brother and his family. it was real good visit!  i have been checking out a couple of blogs/vlogs and i have come to enjoy deafroger's vlogs. he has very combustible personality that really comes out on his vlogs.  i am at work so i can't link his link here on blackberry but when i get home, i'll link his blog or you can go to www.deafread.com and look up deafroger.  i love codabrothers. so check them out as well!   i'll close for now so i can enjoy few moments of my lunch hour before hitting back to work.  till then, m- sent from my verizon wireless blackberry



posted by *~ li ~*~ la ~*~ lo ~* @ 2/19/2008 01:17:00 pm  
      
         2 comments











about me

name:  *~ li ~*~ la ~*~ lo ~* 
location:  anderson county, tennessee, united states 
i'm mom of 3 children (15,13,7), wife of 15 yrs to bucky, living in tennessee since december 1992. graduated with class of 1990 at encsd.
view my complete profile



links





my family blogs links

li-la-lo mom's album page
my darling's blog
tori's blog
sandy's blog
supermonkey's blog
mom m's blog
juggalo's blog
hedor's blog
lily rose's blog
ridor's new blog
my precious friends links
 visit tracicooke carepage
nurse vicki's blog
shannon cooley's site
toby's blog
sarita's other blog
grant laird jr's blog
other blogs i go to 
mike & lori's blog
mike's blog
patty's blog
the deaf world links
deaf newspaper
coda keith wann's site
coda website
campmark7 site
deaf.com
deaf tennesseean blog
deaf missions website
knoxville deaf network
d-pan site!
mosdeux
e.n.c.s.d.'s website
mason dixon tournament
tennessee school f/t deaf sport schedule
hideout website
my hometown links
habitat for humanity of anderson county
oak ridger newspaper
knoxville newspaper
 wbir newschannel
wate.com newschannel
tennessee school f/t deaf
kathie creasey's site
jerry creasey's site
medical info links
a.d.h.d. site
chadd site
add to your blog links
 my shout-out map
 addressbook website
get your e-calendar
google news




















previous posts

hello everyone!
my granny and gramps, mary and arthur wilkinson 2n...
my granny and gramps, mary and arthur wilkinson
choices, finally!
motherhood
kevin mowl
hello everyone,
welcome to 2008!
as usual..
the birthday gift

archives

august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
august 2008
october 2008









 





