







la gondola































































































cart
















0
















about us


press


            shop
          

            gift certificates
          



            make a reservation
          





back


            our company
          

            our gondolas
          

            lgp foundation
          

            faq
          

            meet our team
          



back


            lgp in the media
          

            photo gallery
          





















































































cart
















0












about us

our company
our gondolas
lgp foundation
faq
meet our team


press

lgp in the media
photo gallery

shopgift certificates







providence, rhode island




make a reservation









scroll






 

a classic venetian experience in the heart of the renaissance city. 

 


    explore our trip packages
  









 

la gondola: for lovers, for families, for everyone!whether you are looking for a romantic night out, a fun excursion with friends or family, or an engaging tour of the renaissance city, we offer a truly memorable experience in the heart of providence.

 





















  






a memorable experience











private gondola trips















want to enjoy an authentic venetian experience in the heart of providence? take a journey with us along the providence and woonasquatucket rivers and see the sights of the renaissance city like never before. 




    explore our trip packages
  



group tours















with our four gondolas, we are able to accommodate large parties efficiently. we offer large-party discounts, and trips can also customized to include historical tours, live italian music, and more.




    learn more about our group tours
  



weddings















at la gondola, we endeavor to make your special day even more incredible. from on-board weddings to reception cruises and photo shoots, we can create a wedding day package that's perfect for you. 




    learn more about wedding packages
  



share the la gondola experience with everyone you love! 




    purchase a gift certificate!
  








hours & location 









 

locationgondola landingone citizens plazaprovidence, ri 02903look for our dock just below cafe nuovo's outdoor dining area. contact(401) 421-8877la.gondola.providence@gmail.com


   

  

hours of operation our 2025 season will run from may 4th till november 8th. we row 7 days and evenings a week (weather permitting) during our operating season. please be sure to read our cancellation policy closely, especially if you are booking a trip during a waterfire event. 








about us











our company















owner matthew "marcello" haynes (aka, “il boss”) has been a gondolier since the tender age of twenty, when he began rowing as a summer job while in college. since then, gondolas and the venetian culture have become his passions. since purchasing la gondola providence in 2007, he has grown the company into one of the most popular tourist attractions in providence. 




    learn more about the company
  



our gondoliers















we think our gondoliers are the best this side of venice, and we're sure you'll agree! not only do our gondoliers (and gondolieras!) have amazing skills on the water, they are also musicians, composers, physicists, engineers, teachers, lawyers, competitive athletes, and students. there's never a dull moment on the river! click the link to meet the lgp contingent. 




    meet the gondoliers
  



our community 













we are committed to uplifting our community in the greater providence area, because we’re all in this together! our 501(c)3 nonprofit, the lgp community foundation, works directly with social service providers, educators, and community leaders to provide stopgap funds, clothing, food, and other support to families during their most challenging moments. then, we work to connect families with the ongoing support they need to thrive.




    learn more & donate
  








home landing



home text



home photo 1



home services



home photo 2



home location



home photo 3



home about










home     weddings & events     trip packages     group tours     products     gift certificates     press     testimonials

   









 













































la gondola providence
one citizens plaza,
providence, ri 02903,
usa
+1.401.421.8877
la.gondola.providence@gmail.com


hours
mon 10am to 10:15pm
tue 10am to 10:15pm
wed 10am to 10:15pm
thu 10am to 10:15pm
fri 10am to 11:00pm
sat 10am to 11:00pm
sun 10am to 10:15pm




one citizens plaza, providence, ri 02903   •     (401) 421-8877     •     la.gondola.providence@gmail.com

  



site photo credits: john simonetti (home page), jen bonin (company page), vicki jauron/babylon and beyond (home, wedding pages),bryna haynes (wedding pages), sebastian portrait studio (wedding pages), providence-warwick cvb, gondola greg (team page)











}










