









active adult community in carlsbad | la costa glen









































































""









 request info
 1-866-405-3671
 












home
location
residences
benefits

testimonials


cost
events
careers

la costa glen careers
about our team
join our team


news
gallery
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 










call today 1-866-291-6693








expect from retirement.















la costa glen – expect more from retirement
located in carlsbad, california, la costa glen is a continuing care retirement community (ccrc) dedicated to making a difference in its residents’ lives. la costa glen does all the work so residents can enjoy the resort-like amenities, endless activities, and time with their hobbies and loved ones. plus, they have peace of mind with priority access to the adjacent health center, should they ever need it. expect more from retirement with la costa glen retirement community in carlsbad!

















the retirement you want. on your terms. right here in the area you love.


an elegant and simple plan for the future. no more than you need. and no less than you deserve. beautiful homes, attractive amenities, helpful services, and convenient access to long-term-care should you ever need it. if you’re ready to expect more from retirement, then you’re ready to learn more about the value of la costa glen.


learn more about la costa glen







 we found exactly what we were looking for.












we found exactly what we were looking for.













“la costa glen has changed my life…my decision to move has been of the best decisions i made.”
google review








“the friendly staff goes above and beyond…they are professional and personable—i feel like they are an extension of my family. life is easier and i’m having so much fun!”
google review








“we are so busy with all of the activities…we now need to take naps. wish we could have moved in sooner.”
google review








“i’ve visited over 100 retirement communities. i’m highly impressed with the staff and the way the organization in managed.
google review








“the financial set up secures my future without interfering with my children’s lives.”
google review








“our move to la costa glen was the smartest thing we have ever done. we couldn’t be happier.”
google review








“this is what you work for all of your life.”
google review








“we are set for the rest of our lives, will never have to worry about our care as we enter different stages of living.”
yelp review








“our three children will be able to enjoy us the rest of our lives without being burdened with our needs.”
yelp review








“love love love la costa glen. the food is outstanding. no more spending hundreds of dollars for groceries that i still have to prepare.”
yelp review









“i waited some 3 years to move in and feel i have done the best thing for me – my family is so happy with my new life.”
yelp review









“5 out of 5 stars”
facebook reviews









what people are saying

don’t take our word for it. with decades of experience, we’ve collected our fair share of gold stars and also listened carefully when good feedback suggested an improvement. here is a sampling of some recent reviews from the critics that matter the most—our residents.







love your career with us.with entry-level to executive opportunities in hospitality, nursing, plant management, marketing, transportation, and more, team members can learn while they earn and develop their careers.
careers









love your career with us.
with entry-level to executive opportunities in hospitality, nursing, plant management, marketing, transportation, and more, team members can learn while they earn and develop their careers.

careers







want more info?

there is a lot to see and learn—and we’re happy to get you more info right away.  just fill out the brief form and describe in the comment section what you’d like us to send, e.g., brochure, dvd, floor plans, comparison chart, etc.






"*" indicates required fields


name


first



last

email*

phonecommentsto prevent spam, please type "lcg" in the box below:* captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 








δ


 







schedule a tour
you choose the day and time.simply call and say you would like a tour of the community and we will accommodate your schedule.
tel 866-405-3671

  







contact us
la costa glen1940 levante st.carlsbad, ca 92009
tel 866-405-3671info@lacostaglen.com

followfollow





la costa glen carlsbad ccrc llc. state of california license #374600637. certificate of authority #265.audited financial reports



 







© 2017 all rights reserved.  
  site map | privacy policy | terms & conditions | web accessibility | california consumers | client login 



















yes, i'm in!
  
no, thanks.
  







			×			


























































