


























bone marrow transplantation | durham, raleigh, north carolina | duke health




























            skip navigation
        



















          menu
        







search

submit













close banner




 inclement weather warning


due to the forecasted snow and ice across the raleigh/durham area, many duke health locations may be closed or operating reduced hours today, wednesday, february 19. please check clinic statuses before traveling.




view clinic statuses 






















duke header image link










schedule with my duke health (mychart)
as a returning patient for this doctor, please schedule an appointment using your my duke health (mychart) account.
      

sign in to my duke health (mychart) 
don't have a my duke health (mychart) account? sign up now




          account help
        

          if you have trouble logging in, have questions about how to use my duke health (mychart), need more information about
          your account, or need to contact customer service, please
          view our faqs.
        



×












 













							bone marrow transplantation
						








make an appointment







new patient



919-684-8964







existing patient



you have been seen by a duke provider regarding blood and bone marrow transplants within the last three years or you need to reschedule an appointment.

schedule with mychart


or call
919-684-8964








our doctors
          


conditions treated
          


before your stem cell transplant
          


duke blood cancer center
          


pre-transplant tets
          


the stem cell transplant process
          


after stem cell transplantation
          


why choose duke
          


patient resources
          











home







treatments for adults





blood cancers



bone marrow transplantation
stem cell transplants using bone marrow, blood, and umbilical cord blood



view pediatric bone and stem cell transplants










make an appointment







new patient



919-684-8964







existing patient



you have been seen by a duke provider regarding blood and bone marrow transplants within the last three years or you need to reschedule an appointment.

schedule with mychart


or call
919-684-8964









a bone marrow transplant -- also called stem cell transplantation -- is an effective treatment for people who are diagnosed with life-threatening blood diseases. if you have been told you need a bone marrow or stem cell transplant, choosing duke as your transplant center puts you in good hands. we are one of the few programs in the nation to use stem cell transplantation as part of the treatment for scleroderma (systemic sclerosis). we also treat sickle cell disease and blood cancers such as leukemia, lymphoma, and multiple myeloma.














find a bone marrow transplantation doctor






matching results





close doctor overlay






search doctors by condition, specialty or keyword



clear search text




filter results 





filter results


close filters of doctor search



filter by:

located near





use my current location

                located near you
                

remove user location




distance

distance
5 miles
10 miles
25 miles
50 miles


clear filter





gender


provider's gender


clear filter





language


languages


clear filter





age group


patient's age


clear filter





type of provider

filter by provider title


clear filter





more filters 









clear filters


apply








loading results






don’t see the results that you expect?
please check your filter options and try again.


showing  of doctors
            
load more
view all












×









what is stem cell transplantation?




stem cells are essential for blood cell production and are found in the bone marrow and in umbilical cord blood. during stem cell transplantation, your unhealthy blood cells or stem cells are destroyed using chemotherapy or radiation. they are replaced by healthy stem cells collected from your body or a healthy donor and transfused into your body, like a blood transfusion. stem transplantation is not a surgical procedure. the infusion takes less than two hours, but the recovery takes several months.
the decision to use stem cells from your body or from a healthy donor depends in part on the disease being treated. if a healthy adult donor is not available, stem cells from umbilical cord blood can be used. duke was one of the first transplant centers in the world to perform umbilical cord blood transplantation.

autologous stem cell transplantation uses your own stem cells.
allogeneic stem cell transplantation uses cells from a healthy related or unrelated donor.
syngeneic transplantation uses stem cells from an identical twin.











conditions treated








amyloidosis




blood cancers




glioblastoma and other primary brain cancers




leukemia




lymphoma




multiple myeloma






myeloproliferative disorders (neoplasms)




ovarian cancer




scleroderma




sickle cell disease




testicular cancer







load more






before your stem cell transplant




your first appointmentbefore your first visit to the duke blood cancer center, you will be assigned a dedicated stem cell transplant doctor, who will review your health history. at your appointment, your doctor will discuss the risks and benefits of the procedure and make treatment recommendations.
meeting your transplant teamif you decide to proceed with stem cell transplantation, you will meet your transplant coordinator who will facilitate your appointments and coordinate your care. they will work with your financial counselor to help you find nearby housing during your treatment and help you navigate any financial and insurance concerns. other members of your transplant team include board-certified hematologists and medical oncologists, clinical pharmacists, specially trained nurses, dietitians, and social workers. they meet regularly to discuss your care so they can offer the best recommendations and treatment to meet your needs.


















duke blood cancer center


the duke blood cancer center in durham is an outpatient treatment center that includes the blood and marrow transplant clinic and the hematologic malignancies clinic. 



plan your visit












pre-transplant tets



to help doctors learn more about your blood disorder, you may have one or more of the following tests.




blood tests

blood will be drawn to evaluate your exposure to certain viruses and to check your organ function. these tests help ensure the stem cell transplant can be done safely. you may have additional specialized blood tests to learn more about your disease.


human leukocyte antigen (hla) typing

we use this blood test to determine donor matching, should you require a healthy stem cell donor for your transplant.


bone marrow biopsy and aspiration

a small sample of bone marrow is taken from the back of the hips and studied to determine how well your bone marrow produces cells. it also is evaluated for signs of disease in the marrow.


 imaging tests 

ct, mri, and pet scans use computers to produce pictures of the area being evaluated.

















new patient appointment



919-684-8964











the stem cell transplant process

 

donor search, obtaining cells

if you are receiving an allogeneic (healthy donor) transplant, we will begin the process of finding a suitable donor and collecting stem cells from them. if you are having an autologous transplantation, we will create a plan for collecting stem cells from your body.


conditioning

you will have chemotherapy alone or combined with radiation therapy to kill cancer cells or unhealthy cells in your body. this conditioning regimen also prepares your body to accept the stem cells transplanted into your body. most of our patients will receive the conditioning regimen as an outpatient in the blood cancer center. if you need to be in the hospital, you will stay in a dedicated area for stem cell transplant patients.


stem cell transplantation

healthy stem cells are transfused into your bloodstream in a method similar to a blood transfusion. once in your bloodstream, they make their way to the bone marrow and begin making blood cells. 















after stem cell transplantation




recoveryrecovery from stem cell transplantation takes approximately one to three months. we are one of the only programs in north carolina that allow you to receive most or all of your care as an outpatient. this lets you stay in the comfort of your own home or nearby temporary residence. a caregiver must be with you at all times when you are not in the hospital.  
support for you and your familybefore, during, and after your treatment, our cancer support services help you minimize the side effects of treatment and cope with the emotional and psychological effects of diagnosis and treatment. 
follow-up careonce you complete your treatment, you will be discharged back to the care of your local doctor. periodically you will undergo tests, either at duke or with your doctor, to monitor your response to therapy and your major organ function.















best cancer hospital in north carolina

where you receive your cancer care is important. duke university hospital is proud of our team and the exceptional care they provide. they are why our cancer program is nationally ranked, and the highest-ranked program in north carolina, according to u.s. news & world report for 2024–2025.







why choose duke




duke maintains a well-established program with a long history of success. here's what you need to know to feel confident when choosing duke as your transplant center.
we offer unique cell therapy options for transplantduke is one of the few centers in the u.s. qualified to provide omisirge®. this allogeneic (from a donor) modified umbilical cord blood–based product was recently approved by the fda for stem cell transplantation. our doctors were leaders of omisirge® clinical trials ​​​and are pleased to offer it to our patients.
we perform more transplants than other centers in our regionwe've performed more than 6,000 transplants since 1984, and we performed the first cord blood transplant in 1993. currently, about 260 stem cell transplants take place at duke each year. 
we are fact-accredited and nationally recognized

the foundation for accreditation of cellular therapy (fact) conducts rigorous inspections of transplant programs and certifies programs that offer high-quality care.
we are one of only a few national cancer institute-designated comprehensive cancer centers dedicated to improving patient outcomes.
we are part of the national comprehensive cancer network (nccn), an alliance of the nation’s leading cancer centers dedicated to improving patient care.

more transplant options for more people

we offer stem cell transplantation to a diverse group of people -- including those who are older or lack a closely matched donor -- using less-intense chemotherapy regimens and careful selection of donor cells. 
we treat an array of disorders including non-cancerous diseases such as sickle cell disease, scleroderma, aggressive multiple sclerosis, and aplastic anemia.

clinical trial access​you may have access to the latest therapies through our innovative research programs and clinical trials, which test experimental therapies and provide new therapies for people with advanced or complex diseases. 
the duke cancer institutethe duke cancer institute brings together the extensive resources of duke university, duke health, and the duke comprehensive cancer center. we are committed to making innovative discoveries, developing new ways to prevent, diagnose, and treat cancer, and delivering those therapies in a patient- and family-centric way.









patient resources







allogeneic transplant patient handbook (pdf, 1.17 mb)




autologous transplant patient handbook (pdf, 1.24 mb)




support services




patient resources






duke specialty pharmacy




bone marrow infonet




national bone marrow transplant link










this page was medically reviewed on 04/03/2023 by							


																			mitchell e. horwitz, md
																				| cellular therapy specialist
																													












back to top











duke health home page

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
linkedin



855-855-6484







duke health anti-racism pledge
notice of nondiscrimination
notice of privacy practices
accessibility
price transparency
payment plans and financial assistance
terms and conditions
website privacy policy




duke children's
duke school of medicine
duke school of nursing
duke university




about duke health
careers
contact us
email sign up
giving
newsroom
referring physicians











copyright © 2004-2025 duke university health system















