    laparoscopic bariatric surgery; dr. dennis smith performs weight loss surgery at the advanced obesity surgery center in celebration, florida                       
venter for metabolic and obesity surgery; advanced obesity surgery; dr. smith performs laparoscopic bariatric weight loss surgery in celebration, florida





















































this week's quote:


"he that would have fruit must climb the tree."  


-thomas fuller









               email     password 

   






laparoscopic duodenal switch
laparoscopic rny gastric bypass
laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy
revisional bariatric surgery





  
  


 

 



adventhealth celebration bariatric surgery in celebration, florida




dr. smith is the medical director of the bariatric surgery program at celebration hospital in celebration, florida, in the southwest orlando area.
please follow this link to the practice website:

adventhealth celebration bariatric surgery

dr. smith performs the laparoscopic duodenal switch and the single-anastomosis duodenal switch (the so-called sips procedure or sadi-s procedure).  please contact us for information.





comprehensive bariatric surgery in celebration, florida dr. smith and the celebration bariatric surgery team offer you the highest quality bariatric surgery available, with comprehensive help and support all the way through, and lifelong follow-up afterward to help you keep things healthy.   


celebration health is known around the world for its comprehensive bariatric surgery program.  the hospital and medical system are committed to the treatment of obesity both medically and surgically and consider this area their number one priority.

we employ the latest techniques and strategies to provide you with the safest, highest quality surgery possible, and with very little pain or nausea afterward. we also provide you with all the education you need to achieve your best results and to help you maintain your results in the long term.  we also will do all we can to fit you with the most appropriate operation for your situation.

dr. smith's practice, celebration bariatric surgery, on facebook:


our facebook page, celebration's bariatrics facebook page is available to help provide you with updated info on support groups and information sessions, as well as other helpful information.  



free information seminars:


 we have free information seminars each wednesday evening at 6pm.  at these informal meetings you can hear about how bariatric surgery can help you become a healthier you.  .

you can also take part in our online information sessions.

to register for either the live in-person info sessions or the on-line info session, please go to obesityinfosession.com.
videos on youtube


dr. smith has uploaded a couple of new videos to his youtube channel.  each of which is in hd, is very detailed and narrated, and runs about 18 minutes.  these will give the viewer a great look into what goes on in the inside during surgery.

dr. smith's youtube channel

bariatric surgery and you:


as a bariatric surgery patient you are an individual, and at celebration bariatric surgery you'll be treated as the unique person you are.  we'll work with you to decide which operation is best for you medically, and which operation fits your lifestyle best, and then we'll work with you to get that operation approved by your insurance company.  you'll then get our commitment to safety and quality, which have always been dr. smith's highest priorities.  you'll also get the lifelong follow-up you require in order to get as healthy as possible and stay that way!
we offer the full range of minimally-invasive bariatric procedures



dr. smith has more than 20 years experience in bariatric surgery and will work to give you the best possible care not only around the time of surgery, but with life-long follow-up.
 
dr. dennis c. smith has been involved with bariatric surgery for more than 20 years, and was one of the first surgeons in the world to perform the duodenal switch procedure completely laparoscopically.


dr. smith continues to perform the

laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy with duodenal switch (ds) (commonly referred to as the "duodenal switch", as well as the single-anastomosis duodenal switch procedure, also known as the sips or sadi-s procedure.  he also performs the

laparoscopic roux-en-y gastric bypass, and the laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy.

dr. smith  evaluates patients for conversion of an adjustable gastric band to a sleeve gastrectomy with or without the duodenal switch procedure, or to a roux-en-y gastric bypass.  he also performs other revisional procedures.  
please click on the tabs to the left or above to learn more about these procedures.  you can also email us using the link at the bottom of any of our pages to ask for more information!  please feel free to contact us at any time to ask any questions you have.
a fully accredited mbsaqip bariatric surgery center





the american society for metabolic and bariatric surgery (asmbs) and the surgical review corporation (src) have evaluated our program, and we are an accredited program in the metabolic and bariatric surgery accreditation and quality improvement program (mbsaqip). we are very proud of this designation, as it reflects our ongoing commitment to excellence in all areas of the performance of bariatric surgery.





the operations:


for further information on each of the operations, click on the link below:




laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy with duodenal switch (ds)

laparoscopic roux-en-y gastric bypass
laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy




revisions of lap gastric bands:


have you had a lap gastric banding procedure and haven't lost weight well, had difficulty tolerating the band or have regained weight?  one option for dealing with this that dr. smith can offer is to laparoscopically remove the band and convert to a sleeve gastrectomy, a roux-en-y gastric bypass, or a sleeve gastrectomy with duodenal switch.  please call our office or click here for more information on this procedure. 

laparoscopic re-sleeve procedures:


if you previously had a laparoscopic duodenal switch or a sleeve gastrectomy and you have an enlarged gastric pouch, dr. smith can do a laparoscopic "re-sleeve", or a restapling of your pouch to make it smaller.  this has been effective in stopping and reversing weight regain.  please call our office or click  here for more information on this procedure. 



about laparoscopic bariatric surgery:


dr. smith has been involved with the development of laparoscopic techniques for the 
duodenal switch procedure.  he was the third surgeon in the world to perform the totally laparoscopic duodenal switch, and has now performed over 700 of these totally laparoscopic duodenal switch procedures.  he has also done over 1200 laparoscopic roux-en-y gastric bypass procedures and hundreds of sleeve gastrectomy procedures as well. 
he was the first bariatric surgeon in the world to present the hand-sewn duodenal-ileal anastomosis technique for the duodenal switch, and he has presented his techniques and results with the totally laparoscopic duodenal switch procedure at national and international meetings of bariatric surgeons. dr. smith continues to be an authority on the performance of the laparoscopic duodenal switch, the sleeve gastrectomy, and on the performance of high quality bariatric surgery in general. 

he is also very involved with teaching laparoscopic bariatric surgery techniques to other bariatric surgeons, especially the sleeve gastrectomy, the sleeve gastrectomy with duodenal switch, and laparoscopic suturing techniques.

dr. smith has served as a committee member in both the 
american society for metabolic and bariatric surgery (asmbs). and the 
society of american gastrointestinal 
endoscopic surgeons (sages).


currently he is serving as a site surveyor for the mbsaqip center of excellence program for bariatric surgery programs.

visit our video library!


watch streaming video of dr. smith performing portions of several types of laparoscopic bariatric procedures, including the laparoscopic duodenal switch, at our video library on the 
downloads page.  note:  you must 
register in order to visit this page!


you can also see video clips of dr. smith's laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy and the duodenal switch!  go to the 
duodenal switch page to view them.

for any questions, comments, or to begin the process, please contact us:
phone:  407-303-3820
adventhealth celebration bariatric surgery
410 celebration place, suite 401
celebration, fl 34747




©copyright 2020. all rights reserved.advanced obesity surgery


          