
















call letter origins


*** update: we are saddened 
to report that 
bob nelson passed away in early 2019. 
at this time, the site has been preserved for those of you who 
enjoy this research. however, additions/corrections are on hold for now, until 
we determine who, if anyone will be the "new curator" of the call letter 
origins.  
(if you are interested in volunteering, let us 
know.)      

oldradio's radio/tv station call letter origins
	release number 346 - from 21 may 2018



the resource for radio history on the web is
barry mishkind's broadcast archive at
oldradio, the primary
site for this listing of broadcast call letter origins. of course,
there's much more information at oldradio about pioneer
radio stations, broadcast history and current industry issues as
well.

copyright 1988-2020 by barry mishkind -


this release of freely available radio call letter origins has grown
to now include over 3645 radio and television station call letters
and the significance of these call letters. in most cases, the call
letters are still currently being used in the city of license shown
in the list itself.

if you wish to contribute or make a correction, send e-mail in
plain text form (no html accepted) to xxxx with the
word origins included as part of the subject line.

last modified - $date: 2018-05-21 14:20:58-05 $





here's the latest
call letter origins list.


that's the link directly to the ever-growing and
frequently-updated compilation of the station call letters.
after checking out the list, come back since the remainder of this document contains some
interesting in-depth narratives about
particular call letters and other historic as well as meta information.






thanks to walter j. hughes of delhi public radio for
this information:i started a low power fm in 2014 in delhi
township, ohio, a cincinnati suburb. we're known as z98 and our call sign is wdtz-lp
w)e're d)elhi t)ownship's z)98.an an editorial aside, the collater of
this list well remembers hearing a station with a similar callsign not too far
from cincinnati. it's wgtz in eaton, oh which had the memorable (and perfectly
legal) hour id of:
		wgtz, eatin' dayton alive!


many thanks to mr. george devault, president, holston valley broadcasting corporation
in kingsport, tennessee for an extensive list of new call letter origins and
corrections.


one notable example of a callsign's meaning, near
the collator of this list, is about three hours down the road in huntsville, texas.


it's ksam 101.7, named to honor sam
houston, onetime senator from tennessee and governor of the volunteer
state. houston's victory at san jacinto in 1836 secured texas' independence
and he later served as president of the republic, senator of the lone star
state and governor. his final resting place is at oakwood cemetery in
huntsville. but within the 101.7 coverage area, tennessean turned texan, sam
houston, lives on with ksam.


an influx of new additions, corrections and deletions have
occurred in the wake of an article,

    meaning of radio station call letters,
posted on 21 march 2009 by david pescovitz, at boing boing.

in order to
protect the privacy of those who responded via e-mail, attributions are not
revealed here. however, an off-site database correlating the contributors to
the call signs is maintained. all of the call letters in the list are
provided by those who contribute using e-mail. i simply compile the listing,
using a variety of text-processing tools on a linux platform,
based upon the information submitted in this manner.


admittedly, some of the meanings may have been applied
after the calls were randomly assigned. also, given the
rapid pace of change in broadcasting, call letters often migrate to another
location and what was once meaningful in one city no longer pertains in
the new locale.

the importance of call letters by radio stations has diminished over the
years. in particular, changes in audience measurement methodology by
arbitron can track listening by means other than recalling a sequence of
letters. in fact, broadcast facilities in a number of countries rarely, if
ever, use the assigned callsign on the air, preferring to be known by a
slogan that better brands the identity of the station.

an article concerning

    southwest airline's stock ticker symbol of luv
merits a mention. it's really not too much of a stretch to draw an analogy between a nyse or nasdaq symbol
and broadcast call letters.


some san francisco lore comes via contributor bill ruck,

a volunteer at the

former kph facility in marin county, ca, who writes:


regarding knbr, san francisco:
original call sign was kpo.
then after wwii it was knbc for a while.

when nbc wanted that call in los angeles they changed the station call to
knbr.  when susquehanna radio bought it there was some consideration of
requesting the original three letter call from the fcc, but finally
corporate decided that owning a three letter call 50 kw clear channel
station (which the president really wanted) might be too confusing to the
listeners, so it stayed knbr.  now cumulus.

the nbc fm station was first knbc-fm; then knbr-fm; then knai news and
information (short lived), then kyuu ("for you"), and a dozen different
ones since then.  i think now it is kfrc, although those of us that have
been around for along time will always consider "kfrc" to be "the big
610".

another call sign, although not broadcast, history:
ph was a maritime station started in 1905 at the palace hotel in san
francisco.  letters were chosen as the "sine" following wireline telegraph
practice.  that station became kph and is still licensed to globe
wireless.  i volunteer to operate and maintain the former kph facility in
marin county that is now owned by the national park service. the kph
project story can be found at the maritime radio historical society.

other san francisco call history.

kdfc, originally on 102.1 mhz started by and owned by ed davis, sundial
broadcasting, is considered to be damn fine classics.

kfog's signature was a steam diaphone fog horn.  it signed on as
kbay.

ksfr (long gone) was san francisco records.

all three stations were classical at one time.  kdfc exists as a
non-commercial station but still classical music.

kpoo was a lorenzo milam station.  he thought that "poo" was as close to
bad taste as the fcc would allow.

kgei (now dark shortwave international broadcast) is general electric
international.  signed on as w6xbe.

krca we now know was the call sign used during wwii by rca communications
for owi international broadcast from ket/kph transmitter site in bolinas,
ca.


the origin of baltimore's wcbm is shown as
c)hateau b)altimore m)aryland, from the chateau hotel on charles street,
the station's location in the 1920's. ira kroll, md of baltimore shares
this story or interest with a alternate explanation (a la hal in
2001: a space odyssey):

 

well, it might be a backronym, but, one of the stories going around
baltimore is that wcbm got its call letters from the other, major
station in baltimore, wbal. one more than b is c, one more than a is b,
one more than l is m. thus, wcbm is "better" or more "advanced" than its
competitor wbal.



another baltimore station is of interest as hal martin, senior director of
marketing of
 cbs radio-baltimore explains:
 

hi, bob!  i can't say for certain (because i wasn't around!)  but i believe
 the original meaning of the calls wfbr was "first baltimore regiment" and
 not "first baltimore radio."  supposedly, the original location of the
 studio was in the first baltimore regiment armory, located on preston street in
 baltimore city.  unfortunately, i'm not sure how to verify that so it
 could, potentially, just be an old radio "legend."

i enjoyed looking at your website!




the subject of the k and w prefixes
to calls letters used in the united states is interesting in its own
right. it's enough of a frequently asked question that a link to
thomas white's

k/w call letters in the united states is provided for your
convenience. the w was appropriated for slogans
such as wip's w)ireless i)n p)hiladelphia and
in pensacola, wcoa was touted as being located in
the w)onderful c)ity o)f a)dvantages.


naturally, this is not the only web site dealing with the topic of call
letter origins. the meaning of a number of call letters in the state of
florida
are found here compiled
by david sharp. thanks
to barry mishkind, the eclectic
engineer for providing this most interesting link.


an article, written and researched by andrew krueger and mel cheek, from may
2002 in the the
juneau empire notes that several stations in that alaska city have
meaningful call letters. they have now been included here in the
 list.

another listing comes to our attention from
karen e. king, assistant curator
of the national public broadcasting archives. she has compiled a list of
call letters of public stations in the united states. follow
this link
to see this ambitious project. in particular, the story of how ames'
woi was selected is of interest. thanks to karen for
a reciprocal link to this page. several of the call letters origins
from the npba have been folded into this list.


also in iowa,
who in des moines is the subject of
this narrative provided by gerald r. jensen. who
worked at who for ten years in the 1970's, and did a good deal
of work on the 50th anniversary celebration in 1974.


the palmer family (palmer college of chiropractic) did not acquire
the station until 1930. though dr. b. j. palmer may have let people
believe the call-sign stood for "with hands only", that was not
originally the case.

the station was founded by the banker's life insurance company in
1924, and the call letters who were chosen by banker's life
president george kuhns. there is some indication that the call
letters may have been derived from a banker's life motto (we help
others), but it is more likely kuhns chose them because people
searching the radio dial for stations would ask, "who is it?".



from lehigh university in bethlehem, pa, art larky, phd, professor
emeritus, ee/ece department has the story of wlrn,
a carrier current facility, the calls representing
l)ehigh r)adio n)etwork.


this call was not assigned by the fcc, just adopted by a group of us
who built a carrier-current station in 1948-49 in the basement of drown hall
for broadcasting to the students in the dormatories at lehigh university in
bethlehem, pa.

we had to build the studios, the studio equipment and the transmitter and
the connection to the power lines.  we also had to rip up the floor in the
basement because it was too 'bouncy' and the records jumped on the record
players (this was before cds).  we found bowling alleys below the floor
and had to cut them out also to get down to the foundation.  (try cutting
up a hardwood bowling alley sometime!)  the station was moved to packer
hall when the student activities were concentrated there.  to the best
of my knowledge, it is in operation still, broadcasting music, news,
commentary, and athletics, particularly football games and wrestling matches.
we could not afford to rent phone lines, so we had local industries patch
us through to their sales offices in the cities we needed to reach.
we operated on 640 kc to minimize the radiation area. the fcc dropped by
one time, but had no complaints.


from forrest t. choate, k6hy comes this
firsthand information regarding legendary broadcast pioneers in california:


one of my first jobs in radio broadcasting was
at kdb, santa barbara ca in 1941. in august 1941 i was
drafted in the us army and after the war returned to kdb as chief engineer
in 1946 staying until the breakup of the don lee broadcasting system in 1950.
during that entire time i had heard of the legendary pioneer
broadcasters,  george and dorothy barnes.  they
owned kgb in san diego and kdb in santa barbara, they
maintained homes in both  cities. george used to call the operator on
duty at kdb and request musical numbers to be played on the air so that
his guests could dance at his parties. this would be in the 20's.

in the early 30's george barnes sold both
stations to don lee, the cadillac distributor and dealer.  don lee was
getting into the radio station business as was earle c. anthony
[packard - kfi - keca]  and c. s.
howard [buick -- kfac] don lee founded a west coast
network in 1931 or 32- first it was the western extension of cbs,  then
later as the don lee network it had 30 or 40 affiliates in ca, or and wa.
this was a part of the mutual broadcasting system.  at that time
only four o & o's  [owned and operated] were allowed and
the don lee o & o's were khj in la, kgb in
san diego, kdb in santa barbara and kfrc in san
francisco.

kdb(am) is no more.  it changed calls (to kbko) and is still on 1490
in santa barbara all spanish speaking.
kdb-fm has a fine website
and is a wondrous station.  all classical music - a cultural
treasure.  last year i had a chat with the station manager on the
telephone and in our conversation he reminded me of the origin
of the calls kgb and kdb - being g)eorge and d)orothy b)arnes.

been a radio listener since age of 5 in 1922.  remember kdka first
broadcast was in 1921?  well i was listening to wor in newark nj with a
crystal detector radio and earphones in 1922. later in the
twenties used to log as many am stations as i could.
been an amateur radio operator for 70 years!
from 1951 to 1982...worked for nbc-tv in many capacities, primarily as a
technical director.  none of it as much fun as the
old am radio days, working conbination [announcer/engineer] for $150 per
month!


from g. paul luke, now with fema, but
formerly a broadcaster at jackson's wlbt-tv (1977-1984),
wtyx-fm (1982-1984) and in memphis
at wmc am/fm/tv comes this narrative about stations
in the capital of mississippi:



i recently ran across your site about call sign origins around the country.
i noticed that you didn't have any information regarding the jackson,
mississippi market.  my father, keith luke (w5av) was one of the early
engineers in the market and has verified the information that i remember
from my years of working in the market.  so, here goes:

wjdx 620 am- call sign stood for j)ackson d)istant x) - transmitter
(as in the old ham 'dx' lingo) originally signed on in 1929 on 1270 khz (later 1300
with the narba change of 1941).
wrbc - r)ebel b)roadcasting c)ompany -- originally on 620 am  came
up around 1948.  in the fall of 1952 wjdx and wrbc did a transmitter swap with wjdx
going to 620 and wrbc to 1300.  the switch was a boom for wjdx which went
on to become mississippi's premier am station.  wsli 930 am signed on in 1939
with the call sign meaning s)tandard l)ife i)nsurance company as their
original owner.  wsli added wsli tv in early 1953 on vhf channel 12.
wjdx am added wlbt in december of 1953. wlbt = l)amar b)roadcast
t)elevision for their original
    owners lamar life insurance company.  wlbt was first nbc / abc on
vhf channel 3.

wjtv - j)ackson t)elevision channel 25 came on the air with cbs
programming, owned by the hederman family, who also owned the jackson
clarion-ledger and jackson daily news newspapers.  both wsli and    wjtv
had hard times in the beginning, with abc's limited programming and uhf's
limited patterns and    receivers.  eventually channel 25 went dark,  wsli's
channel 12 transmitter was sold to the hederman     family, became wjtv
and kept cbs.  abc did not have another presence in the market until 1970
with    the addition of wapt channel 16.
wapt = a)merican p)ublic t)elevision for their owners american
public life insurance.

wlbt / wjdx added wjdx-fm in the 60's @ 102.9  in the 70's the radio
stations were sold and wjdx-fm became wzzq-fm.  somewhere around 1980
wzzq became wmsi-fm.  further shifts in ownership
through out the '90s got things really confused.  in the late 90's
the original wjdx (620 am) became   wjds and wjdx moved to 96.3 fm which
was occupied by what was wsli-fm.


since this site is based in texas (and the compiler of the information
is a fan of the aggies), the comments of
darin w. smith (gig 'em ags!) about
college station's wtaw are of
interest:


i came across your oldradio.com site today, and thought you might be
interested in this bit of radio history.
the first play-by-play radio broadcast of a college football game (not
voice, but code):
texas a&m vs. university of texas @ kyle field, college station, tx
november 24, 1921 (thanksgiving day, of course) from the a&m
experimental station which later became wtaw.


also noteworthy, albeit not topical to radio call letters, the designer
and original implementer of the c++ programming languange,
bjarne stroustrup is
endowed chair
in the in the department of computer science at texas a&m university.
much of what drives this site is possible due to dr. stroustrup's
innovations in computer programming languages.

a former employee of wjjz, when it was located
in mt. holly, nj, tom wahl,
now with wear-tv in pensacola, shares these remarks about
the station and the wjjz call sign significance:



i very much enjoy the radio station call letter origin site.  i have a
bit of information concerning one set of calls.  those are wjjz,
106.1 in philadelphia, which is now held by clear channel
communications.   i hope that i can give you the definitive answer as to
the origin of the call letters because i worked for the gentleman who
originally applied for and received them.

in
the late 1960's, my first broacasting job was at wjjz, mt. holly, nj
which was a 5kw directiional daytime station at 1460 khz.  the station
at that time was owned (2nd owner) by west jersey broadcasting company.
the station originally was licensed in the early 1960's, about 1962-63,
to mt. holly-burlington broadcasting company, whose founder and
president was john j. farina, a gentleman from newark, nj  little did
i know that in about 1971, i would work for mr. farina at another
station he put on, wwle, cornwall, n.y.  during a
conversation one night with john and another couple of fellows, both of
whom i had worked with previously at wjjz, i asked: "john, how/where
did you come up with the idea for the call letters, wjjz?"  i asked,
"did it have to do with the first two letters/initials in your name,
jj?"  he said, "no, no, that's what most people believe or speculate
but that's not why i picked 'em."  he said, "i wanted something to
sound like "jersey" but i couldn't get wjrz because
those calls were taken and so were wjz which was
in baltimore.  he said, "the only thing i could think of/come up with
was to throw another j in there so the last three letters -- jjz
sounded like a long jayzee or jerzee."


thanks to stacy richardson for providing a link to
tulsa tv memories,
with an extensive kakc radio section. kakc was for a)vey,
k)ellough and c)ondon. sam avey was a tulsa entrepreneur, owned the old coliseum
on 4th street that burned down in the 50s, kellough (sp?) was a local
businessman and glen condon was news director at krmg in the early years.


jim o'malley, webmaster of kamr/kcit/kcpn
in amarillo, tx provides these facts regarding kzrk in
nearby canyon, tx:



when a 1,000-watt am at 1550khz went on the air in the early '60s,
management named it either kcan or kcyn,
for canyon. (it's been a day or two since i saw anything with the
old call on it!)  station was later sold to jack auldridge in
late-'70s/early'80s and renamed khbj -- h)appy
b)irthday j)ulie, referring to auldrige's youngest child. auldridge
launched an fm on 107.1 mhz, named khbq, reportedly the  calls of
an early rocker that had recently changed format and calls.

auldridge later swapped the 107.1 frequency for a cp to build a more
powerful fm at 107.9 mhz. at that time, he changed calls of both
the am and cp to kaks to foster the on-air slogans
"108 kiss fm" and "classic kiss 1550 am". eventually, the stations went
through at least two other ownership changes before becoming part of
the cumulus group. stations were given their current kzrk calls when
previous ownership put the z)-r)ock) format on the fm (cumulus hasn't
bothered to change them).


robert conrad, president and
one of the two original founders of
wclv(fm) in cleveland gave his
permission to share this information:



we purchased wdgo(fm) (established in 1961 by douglas g.
oviatt) in 1962, and changed the call letters to wclv.
we had originally wanted wcle, because cle is the
cleveland hopkins international airport designation. but wcle is in
cleveland, tenn. then we looked at wcld, but that's
in cleveland, mississippi. so, we settled on wclv.


wdgo ran into some problems with its call letters. the owners use a scotty
dog as a logo, so everybody referred to the station as wdog. but the
problem was compounded by an ad the station ran that had a typo in the call
letters - you guessed it - wdog.

wclv has been a classical music station since the beginning, and when the
latest consolidation sale in cleveland goes through, wclv will be the only
locally owned fm station licensed to cleveland. there is one low powered
daytimer am, wabq, that is also locally owned. we are
also the only commercial station in cleveland not have changed its format
in the 36 years we've been on the air. we have been broadcasting on
the web at wclv.com since november of
1996.



while on the topic of wclv, on 3 july 2001, seven cleveland (including
those in the cleveland area) stations were involved in what is known
as the great cleveland  radio frequency swap. from
wclv's president, robert conrad, comes this firsthand account:



seven stations involving three radio companies - clear
channel, salem communications and radio seaway (wclv) swapped
frequencies. wclv is the lynch pin as we entered in to this deal to save
the classical format for cleveland. sometime this summer, wclv-fm will be
donated to a new non-profit wclv foundation whose purpose will be to insure
the continuance of classical music on the radio in cleveland. members of
the board will be from the cleveland foundation, the two cleveland public
broadcasters wviz tv and wcpn(fm) and
the stockholders of wclv. wclv (am) will be in the hands of the current
stockholders and will operate wclv-fm on behalf of the foundation.

wclv-fm (classical) moved from 95.5 fm to 104.9 fm.
whk (1420 am - cleveland's original radio station)
became the property of radio seaway and operates as
wclv am. the call letters of whk will move to 1220 am
(originally wgar am - more recently wknr).
the call letters of wknr will move to 850 am
(originally wjw - more recently wrmr). the wrmr
calls disappear and its intellectual property, format (big band and american
standards) and some staff members move to wclv am.
wask moves from 104.9 to 96.5 in akron.
wkdd moves from 96.5 to 98.1 in canton
whk-fm moves from 98.1 to 95.5 and becomes wfhm.


we're calling this the great cleveland radio frequency swap. it's the
biggest change of frequencies and formats in ohio radio history, and maybe
in the country.

the format line up will be:
104.9 wclv-fm - classical
1420  wclv(am) - classic pops
1220  whk - religious
850   wknr - sports/talk
96.5  wask - rock (kiss format)
98.1  wkdd - hot ac
95.5  wfhm - christian rock



dick and jan maynard share this
firsthand story about
kekb, in
the grand junction, co market:


time has passed and the tail end of the kekb call letter origins has
changed.  i've made corrections to make the story, which essentially is
unchanged, be true in today's world.

not to let the history wagon pass us by, my wife jan and i put a class c on
the air in fruita, colorado (10 miles from grand junction) in 1984. when we
filed for the frequency in 1979 we had to come up with a corporate name so
we called it jan-di broadcasting since the only stockholders were jan and
dick maynard. later the entire world pronounced it jan die broadcasting
rather than the intended jan-dee but what did i know? as we got closer to
air date our three daughters thought a. the station should rock and b.
should be named after them. much to their chagrin i told them it would be
country but we would indeed weave their names into the call letters.

i intended to start the call letters with kk for k)ontinuous k)ountry. since
we had a krista, an erin and a becca that would be no sweat. unfortunately
kkeb and kkbe were taken. and how do you tell an 8th grader, a 6th grader
and a 2nd grader that it just wouldn't work out. so we applied and were
granted the calls kekb and the station has dominated the ratings in the
grand junction market for well over a decade. krista, who worked in sales
for cbs, group w and jacor is now a sales manager at the wolf, the wilks
broadcasting country station in denver.  her husband, pete benedetti, is
owner of benedetti media group with a cluster of stations in billings,
montana.  erin is married and teaches special education in douglas county
south of denver, colorado.   becca, like erin is married and the mother of
two girls, is a denver realtor.   and to this day her classmates from middle
and high school call the station kek becca. we sold the station along with
two other fm's we owned in grand junction to cumulus
broadcasting 1998.


from peter laws comes
this information about kuoa:



kuoa was the original am station for the u)niversity o)f a)rkansas and
dates back to the 1920s (originally kfmq - i think they
swapped with another station).  it was sold to private interests in
the 1930s, i believe, but kept the call.  it ended up moving to the
campus of john brown university in siloam springs, arkansas, at some
point and it still there. it's nickname became the "rod of god" as
the john brown university is a christian school.  in googling for
kuoa (now 1290 am), i see that the actual, 1940s era "rod of god"
tower got replaced
last summer.

among the more interesting call letters are watd
in marshfield, ma. from watd radio's president, ed perry
comes the authoritative origin of the call sign:



the station began as a startup in december of 1977. but well before that
we'd spent four years fighting to move the 95.9 frequency off of
martha's vineyard where it was used by wmvy. eventually the fcc made
wmvy take a different channel but wsrs, 96.1, kept us tied up for two
years complaining about potential interference.

in may, 1977 the fcc finally granted our cp. but by that time, the town
of  marshfield had purchased our proposed transmitter site as
conservation land to raise coyotes and spotted turtles. we found another
site but when we approached the town zoning board, hundreds of angry
potential neighbors turned out to deep six the tower. that particular
meeting was well reported in the local papers. shortly thereafter a lady
called to offer us six acres of woodland next to the town landfill. she
thought we might have fewer problems locating a tower there. as she
adeptly observed..."the landfill rats will be your closest neighbors.
they don't vote and usually don't attend meetings." (we later discovered
that a few of them did run for local office.)

when we went to the zoning board for tower approval at the landfill
site, only a few people showed up to complain and the board approved our
application on the spot. after the meeting we stopped at a local chinese
restaurant to celebrate and plan the next move which was our call letter
request. there were four of us and we got a bit skunked. a lot skunked
actually. someone suggested we memorialize our zoning victory with the
call letters watd. we retired to our lawyer's office and banged out the
request letter on his old ibm selectric. we mailed the letter that
evening.=20

a week later our station was officially watd. it's a lasting tribute to
the only place in town we could build a tower.
watd..."w)e're a)t t)he d)ump".

that was 23 years ago. in 1999 watd was awarded the national edward r.
murrow award for overall news excellence. the station is one of the most
honored in the state. we're usually sold out and run live 24 hours every
day. but the dump is no more. on september 1, 2000 it officially became
a "transfer station".

while on the subject of watd, here are some related comments from
ken grady:



i enjoyed the story of watd by ed perry, who did the original frequency
search and engineering application for wcvy(fm) at coventry high school,
in coventry, ri. i was the faculty manager of that student-operated
station from 1978, when it signed on, until 1997, when i retired.

the wcvy call letters stand for c)ov)entry). we originally
wanted wchs, but that was in use c)h)arles)ton, west virginia.
we applied for wcvy and had to wait for approval from the us navy, because
wcvy had been assigned to some kind of merchant vessel from wwii days.

i am proud to say that many wcvy alumni are working in radio and
television broadcasting today.

frequent contributor 
doug douglass writes in regard to wdfh in
ossining, ny. the calls originally represented d)obbs f)erry
h)igh s)chool. nowadays, the station (located in the village
that's also home to the notorious sing sing prison) call
letters stand for w)ild d)ogs f)rom h)ell. the station's
web site is quite comprehensive,
explaining the wdfh call letter origin in faq form.

jason bereza writes to let us know that a discussion focusing on

old albany [new york] calls is now in progress on the
northeast radio
board. the topic has expanded to to include postings about calls
signs beyond the albany market.

a number of additional canadian stations are now incorporated into
the list. thanks to dale
r. patterson of ajax, on for making these and numerous others
available. his web site rock
radio scrapbook has a wealth of information about radio,
particularly from the "golden era" of top 40. the growing
international flavor or the list is also reflected by the contributions
from andrew emmerson. he was
kind enough to provide the derivations of the call letters from the
stations located in the british isles.



the primary emphasis remains on radio -- but significant television
call letters are also included. chicago's
wttw(tv) has an interesting and historic
slogan associated with it: w)indow t)o t)he w)orld. that slogan is
prominently displayed on their web page.


although i realize that many call letters were simply assigned by the
government, it is fascinating to trace the story of a radio station by
its use of the call letters.  for example, the random wbbm
call letters assigned to ralph atlass in chicago presented an opportunity
to promote his station as the w)orld's b)est b)roadcast m)edium, w)e
b)roadcast b)etter m)usic or w)e b)roadcast b)roadmoor m)usic.


slogans were often "forced" upon these assigned call
letters by contests involving listeners.  as a result,
pittsburgh listeners heard that wjas was the
w)orld's j)olliest a)erial s)tation.  across the state, there was
philly's wnat: w)e n)ever a)re t)ired in
philadelphia. (i'm sure this slogan predated w.c. fields). well-known
unix hacker and open source evangelist,
eric s. raymond, refers to
this practice as a using a

backronym.


such is the case in st. louis
as frank absher, historian
notes:


the kmox call letter story is an
interesting legend. the mayor of kirkwood, mo made the reference at
the inaugural broadcast and it was published the following day. it was,
however, never the formal intention of the owners, the v)oice of s)t. l)ouis, inc.,
who had requested kvsl.

linc reed-nickerson
of rohde & schwarz, inc. writes
to let us know about these stations:



wqdy in calais, me for the quoddy bay to the south, there
was a giant wpa project there, the "quoddy project," that was going to
harness the power of the tide to generate electricity.  world war ii put
an end to the project. wqdy was owned at one time by buffalo bob smith.

there is the story that the fcc swapped by mistake the calls wall and wmid,
wmid was middletown, ny and wall for
atlantic city, nj, this may just be an "urban legend."  i think your
data is correct.

donna halper of donna halper &
associates and contributing editor of the
boston
radio archives states:



a number of station slogans came much later than
the call letters (wean for example -- during its
formative years, it did not use that 'we entertain a nation' slogan
as far as i know; i have all sorts of promotional material from that
station, since i did a lot of research on its owner, the late john
shepard 3rd, who also owned wnac in boston. wean was
a sequentially assigned call, and stood for absolutely nothing...)

many of the calls of current stations were requested calls in their
first incarnation -- wbcn originally belonged to a
station in chicago which was owned by a newspaper -- the calls were
requested, and stood for world's best community newspaper. i can tell
you about a number of other stations that used to have requested
calls -- wssh was not wish originally -- it was
owned by the tremont baptist church, and it stood for the
"stranger's sabbath home", referring to the hospitality the
church showed to those who were new in town."

also from new england, a wealth of information (and corrections, which
have now been made) comes from 
a. joseph ross, j.d.. both the depth and volume of information
supplied by mr. ross merits inclusion here:


note: thanks to mike fitzpatrick, engineer with wwlp-tv
in springfield, ma for corrections and updates made to mr. ross's
narrative.



wadn (fm) concord, ma  it was an am, not an fm station.
they called themselves "walden 1120".  they were never that near walden
pond, except for being in concord, but still used the name for an eclectic
blend of folk music and bbc news.  the station is now wbnw.

wbnw, boston -- now weze -- was a business news station, affiliated with
the bloomberg network.  there was once a sister station in providence
called wpnw.

wamh -- amherst, massachusetts -- student-operated station of amherst and
hampshire colleges.  originally, it was wamf, amherst college (amherst fm,
i suppose)

wboq (fm) gloucester, ma.  this classical-music station calls itself wbach,
and the call letters reflect that.  the station was previously known as
wvca -- voice of cape ann.

wcgy (fm) is now wqsx. for awhile, it was wegq, "the eagle."
this station began life around 1960 as wghj, which were the owner's
initials.  it was simulcasting programs from wccm and eventually became
wccm-fm.

wcop boston is no longer wmex.  a couple of years ago, it became wror
temporarily, so that the owner could reserve the calls until they were
ready to put them on one of their fm stations.  then it became wnft ("nifty
1150") until this year...

weze boston originally stood for easy listening music.  the present weze
used to be weei, and the original weze is now wpze.  the two stations were
bought by a religious broadcaster who called wpze "praise 1260," though now
it is leased by radio disney.

wfcr (fm) in amherst, ma was originally =four= college radio.  then the
four-college consortium founded hampshire college, in the late 60s, and it
became five college radio.

there used to be a wftq in worcester, at 1440, which
called itself "14q radio."

whdh, boston  originally had studios on the water in gloucester.  its calls
never really stood for we haul dead haddock, but it was often said that
they did.

wjib (fm) was given a nautical call because its studios, at the time, were
located on commercial wharf, on the waterfront.  it is no longer wcdj and
hasn't been for several years.  the station began life in the 1940s as
w1xhr, and then wxhr, which stood for
harvey radio laboratories,
its owner.  in the mid-1960s, it became wxhr-fm, when its then co-owned am
became wxhr(am) and began simulcasting its classical music format.  after
the stations were sold, it became wjib.  the wcdj calls went with a change
to a smooth jazz format and apparently stood for cd-jazz.  it then became
wbcs "we're boston's country station."  a couple of years ago, when its
owners bought out the competing country station, wklb-fm ("the country
club"), wbcs became wklb-fm.  not long after, the wklb calls and format
moved to 99.5 in lowell, where they are now (formerly woaz, "the oasis")
and this station became wsjz "smooth jazz" again.  just a week or two ago,
the station changed to a talk format, and the new call letters are wtkk.

wjib (am) took those calls in order to take over the beautiful music format
associated with wjib (fm).  that station began life in 1948 as wtao, which
stood for its dial position, 740.  the t was supposed to represent a 7 and
the a was supposed to be a 4.  it became wxhr in the mid-1960s, as
described above, for a couple of years.  then it became wcas, which stood
for watertown, cambridge, arlington, somerville.  in bankruptcy, it became
wlvg, and i don't know what that stood for.  when bob bittner bought it, he
first called it wwea, for "earth radio" until the wjib calls became
available.

wklb-fm, lawrence, mass.  these calls originally were on 105.7 in
framingham. its moves to its present station are described above.  it was
previously wvbf, which you have listed.  when the country music format was
adopted, it became wclb, "the country club," but after the owners noticed a
sudden precipitous jump in the ratings for classical music wcrb, they
changed it to wklb-fm.  there is a wklb (am) in kentucky, i think, which is
unrelated.  the original wklb-fm (and wvbf) is now wror.

wllh -- i believe you have the order wrong.  it's lowell, lawrence,
haverhill.  the station has always been based in lowell, with a synchronous
transmitter in lawrence.

wmbr (fm) studios are =still= located in walker memorial basement at mit.
this station was formerly wtbs, "technology broadcasting system until ted
turner came along and made it worth their while to change calls.

wmgt -- this is the original calls of the present wcdc, channel 19 in north
adams, massachusetts.  the transmitter was (probably still is) located on
mt. greylock.  the present calls are a remnant of a three-station group in
the 1950s called wcda, wcdb, and wcdc, based in albany.  the cd stood for
capital district.   wcda was the main station, on channel 41, and the other
two were relays.  by the late 1950s, wcda became wten, channel 10
in albany.  wcdc still relays its programming. (wcdb signed off the air.
wcdc still uses the same site as wmgt).

wmtw-tv, wmtw-fm  this was the original calls of channel 8 in poland
springs, maine, and an fm station, both of whose transmitters were located
on mount washington, new hampshire.  (the calls are now whom).

wnrb, boston -- used to be owned by national religious broadcasters.  at
one time in the 1980s, it was "wmre, the memory station," playing
pre-rock-era pop music.  before that it was wits, "weather, information,
talk, sports."  it was originally wmex, from the 1930s through the 1970s.
in the late 50s and 60s, it was a popular top 40 station, and because of
that, when the former wcop adopted an oldies format in 1985, it also
adopted the wmex calls.

worl -- used to be a station in boston.  it was wryt in the 70s and 80s.
when the present owners tried to get back the original calls, the best they
could get was wrol, which is the current calls.

wplm -- at one time, they used the slogan "we play lovely music."

wsny -- these calls were once in schenectady, new york.  they also were
once on 1150 in boston.

wupy, wupi -- these were the calls of an ill-fated jazz station in peabody,
massachusetts in the 1960s.  the calls stood for "whoopie."

wxyz, detroit -- supposedly the original owner, george w. trendel, wanted
these call letters to stand for "the last word in broadcasting."

jim hilliker, news director
for kocn-oldies 105.1 fm radio in monterey, ca told
me via e-mail that he has a long-time interest in the early history of
los angeles area radio broadcasting. he cites that he has done much
research on both present and past am stations in l.a. that interest
and scholarship is evident from these interesting narratives which
jim has kindly permitted me to reproduce here:


kpsn, a station that lasted roughly from november
1925 until april 1931, stood for its newspaper owner,
the p)asadena s)tar-n)ews, which was next
door to the facility.

kwtc in santa ana had calls requested for "kome
west to california". the slogan was used from late 1926 through 1928
by kwtc. its first broadcast was on 10 december 1926. the owner, dr.
john wesley hancock signed an advertising deal with an orange county-based
cereal called "fig-nuts", made by the california fig-nuts
company in orange. the plan by hancock was to sell fig-nuts to
out-of-state listeners by mail-order.  kwtc got a related slogan then,
"the date station", since fig-nuts was a combination of
roasted figs, dates, walnuts, raisins and whole wheat.

like most stations in the '20s, hancock put kwtc on the air at night,
when the signal could potentially skip out for hundreds of miles to
dxers (distant listeners), under the right reception conditions.  he
reportedly had a car tour the country with a specially-equipped radio
and antenna.  the car would tour the west and midwest u.s., and pull
into a different town each night. the engineer driving the car would
tune into kwtc each night, reception permitting. the locals in town
would then gather around the loudspeakers to hear the programs from
santa ana, california and the fig-nuts commercials.  kwtc and the
slogan "kome west to california" would be heard by as
many listeners as possible, under this promotion by doc hancock.

(dr. hancock, incidentally, was an eye doctor, who got interested in
broadcasting through amateur radio). orange county historian jim sleeper
told the los angeles times in 1981 that he had no idea
whatever became of fig-nuts, and there's no record of how many sales
of the cereal came through the kwtc broadcasts!

kwtc became kreg, when it was owned by the
santa ana register newspaper. the paper eventually sold
the station to ernest spencer and wallace wiggins and it became
kvoe in 1936 for "voice of the orange
empire". the calls were changed to kwiz in
1954. an unconfirmed story is that calls were requested for
"quiz" since quiz shows were popular for a time on radio
then.

during a 40th anniversary program in 1993, the meaning of
ksbw channel 8 in salinas was given: "salad
bowl of the world". (salinas valley, ca, was made famous by
writer john steinbeck).

i came across one of those obviously contrived call letter slogans
created to fit the calls of a station that had been on the air for
2 years! this was from the citizen's radio call book of fall-1924.
it was for kfaw-santa ana (august 1922-november 1925)
i found it on a site about low-power broadcasting...kfaw was only 10 watts.
this said kfaw's slogan was "k)ept f)rom a)wful w)inters"!

i thought i knew all the meanings of the early los angeles radio
stations, but recently, i did a websearch on kgef, los angeles
(1926 to 1932), and found a website on the
first united
methodist church, which had the slogan for kgef radio.  kgef was owned by rev. robert p.
shuler, of trinity methodist church in downtown l.a. he was also known as
"fightin" bob shuler, and no relation to the pastor who runs the crystal
cathedral today in garden grove, ca.

this story on the website says kgef stood for: k)eep g)od e)ver f)irst
that may be entirely possible, though i have never seen it in print in any
of the los angeles radio magazines of the day....unknown if it was heard on
the air on kgef, but that is likely.  these slogans were mostly created
after the call letters were assigned, and kgef got their call letters in
december 1926, assigned in sequential order. shuler lost his license for
kgef in 1932, due to his controversial broadacsts attacking jews,
catholics, blacks, and going after the sinners in the l.a. hollywood
community who he deemed to be corrupt, dishonest, immoral and such.

i found another meaning for kgef, 1926-1932,
from an individual who did a thesis on the station in 1975 for journalism
class. he found kgef not only stood for k)eep g)od e)ver f)irst, but they
also made up this slogan, k)ind, g)entle, e)mphatic f)riend.  i'm not sure
if they mean the radio station or the pastor of the church, bob shuler, who
owned the station and was pastor of trinity methodist church where the kgef
studios were.

i also have evidence now that kmic, inglewood, california
stood for k-mic or k-mike for microphone, since the station was co-owned by the
universal microphone company of inglewood from 1927-1929.  james r. fouch
was owner of kmic and the microphone manufacturer. they were located in the
same building, the old inglewood chamber of commerce building, then at 219
n. market street in inglewood. however, there's no evidence that kmic used
such a slogan on the air and in radio program schedules of the day, they
never printed information that the station also owned universal microphone
company.today, kmic is 1150-am in los angeles, kxta.

the following comes from
jay braswell
of braswell & associates, a sales, programming and technical
consulting firm primarily servicing small market radio stations.
jay explains that this information is stated to "to the
best of my knowledge" and that he "would love to hear
from anyone with additional information."



first of all, i have a correction...i think i'm right on this:

wfbc, greenville, s.c. - we foster better citizenship.
my father-in-law, who grew up in greenville county, has a transcription
from wfbc, dated 1935, with that slogan on it. also, to my knowledge,
wfbc was not moved from knoxville...it began right there in greenville
in 1933. wis in columbia, and wnox in knoxville swapped frequencies
in the late 30's. they were owned by the same companies, allowing wis
founder (in a manner of speaking) g. richard shafto to move wnox's
560 to columbia, where it could increase power to 5kw daytime
(1kw non-da at night, later 5kw da-n, to protect wqam in miami.
the wis da was among the first in the country, so i'm told.), and
move wis's 1010 (later moving to 990) to knoxville, where it could
also operate with 5kw daytime, 1kw non-da nighttime (later increasing
to 10kw day and night...da at night).

wlbb, carrollton, ga. - i've heard about the
judge's supposed "love of butter beans", but i don't think
it's so. bob thorburn, long time manager of wlbb, says the calls
were randomly assigned by the fcc, and that one the judge's critics,
because of the judge's "healthy" appetite (he weighed over
350 pounds, and stood 6'6"), came up with the butterbeans slogan. the
judge, who had a wicked sense of humor, took the slogan and...well,
ran with it...serving on the bench for over 50 years.

wmog, brunswick, ga. - wonderful marshes of glynn.
poem by sydney lanier. brunswick is in glynn county.

worg, orangeburg, s.c. - watching orangeburg's rapid
growth. original calls were wbpd, which were nucleus
of co-owner, clarence jones' ham calls, w4bpd. worg calls now on fm
licensed to  elloree, s.c., with studios in orangeburg. the 1580 am
facility has wpjk, we proclaim jesus king (it
has religious format).

wtnd, orangeburg, s.c. - founded by the gressette
family, owners of the orangeburg times and democrat, locally
referred to as the "t & d". now silent.

wrno, orangeburg, s.c. - radio in orangeburg. later,
wdix in dixie. now silent.

wbaw, barnwell, s.c. - barnwell allendale williston

wsnw, seneca, s.c. - seneca and walhalla

wcos, columbia, s.c. - columbia's own station
(wis  was owned by the greenville based liberty
life insurance co.)

wjhp, jacksonville, fl. - john h. perry, founder of
station (and owner of the jacksonville times-union). station (1320 am)
was later wzaz (i think that was it), wvoj, and wqik-am. now wjgr.

wdlp, panama city, fl. - founded by john h. perry,
station was named for his wife, dorothea lindstrom perry. perry
owned the panama city news-herald. given panama city's reputation
as the "redneck riviera", many of the locals said the calls
stood for we drink liquor publicly. station (590 am) was later
wgne. now wdiz.

wmga, moultrie, ga. - watching moultrie grow
agriculturally. this station has operated on 3 frequencies...first
on 1400, (250w...later 1kw-d/250w-n), then on 1130 (10kw-d/10kw
da-ch/250w da-n), and now on 580 (900w-d/250w da-n).

wwns, statesboro, ga. - welcome to where nature smiles.
interesting story...in the late 30's, walter mcdougald won a contest
put on by the local chamber of commerce. the contest was to come up
with a slogan for the city of statesboro. mcdougald's slogan was
"where nature smiles and progress has the right of way".
when statesboro mayor alfred dorman built the station in 1946, he
selected part of that slogan for the call sign. four of walter
mcdougald's sons would later have careers in broadcasting...worth
mcdougald, (now retired) dean of the henry grady school of journalism
at the university of georgia, donald, who along with brothers worth
and horace bought wwns in 1958 (they sold it in 1975 for
$800,000.00...just a tad more than the $85,000.00 they paid for it
in '58), and michael, who worked for wsb in atlanta, built wchk in
canton, georgia, managed waax in gadsden, alabama, and owned
wrga-am/wqtu-fm in rome, georgia, which he sold late last year.
according to mike, it was statesboro having a station that made he and
worth pursue broadcasting as a career, with don and horace coming along
later.

wptb, statesboro, ga. - wonderful place to be.
helen rosengart's (one of the owners) 7 year old son came up with
this one.

wceh, hawkinsville, ga. - cochran eastman hawkinsville.
this regional (500w@610) had studios in all three towns, and broadcast
daily from them into the mid-60's.

john fuller, amateur radio
call: k4hqk (of pbs in alexandria, va), offers this clarification
on worg, once in orangeburg:


worg, orangeburg, s.c. - watching orangeburg's rapid
growth. original calls were wbpd, which were nucleus of
co-owner, clarence jones' ham calls...w4bpd." in fact, w4bpd was the
ham call of gus browning, whom i visited once; he was known by hams
worldwide for his dxpeditions. gus, who lived outside of orangeburg on
a huge piece of property strung far and wide with antennas, may have
been clarence's radio station partner.

another amateur radio operator, 
paul e. sojka (member irca, nrc, radio call
ks2s), offers this background on one of the pioneer expanded-band
(1600-1700 khz) stations, wjdm:



i worked for wjdm back in the 70's after they first went
on the air. for the first 8 months or so the call was wela
which was for elizabeth, the town in new jersey where we were based. they
changed to wjdm in 1972 and that stood for the 3 owners, john, dominick
and mike. i believe john and mike were brothers [...] dominick was
dominick mirabelli, a local attorney.

air personality kris butts of wgog am/fm
in walhalla, south carolina explains that a former reference in this document
citing that wgog's call letters originated from norse mythology, translating
to g)arden o)f g)algotha is not accurate. he provides this submission:



wgog began broadcasting in april of 1959 as "clear channel 10"
one thousand on the am radio dial.  owned by dorothy friend and edith moynihan,
the station's call letters originated from the nickname of the city of
broadcast and license, walhalla, south carolina.   a german settlement,
walhalla was known as  "the garden of the gods".  hence,
wgog = g)arden o)f the g)ods.  it was convenient that we were also on
the eastern portion of the mississippi, hence we could claim our w meant
walhalla to unknowing listeners.

the original wgog(am) 1000 celebrated its 40th anniversary in april,
1999.  over those 4 decades the station has played everything from country
to the mainstream pop hits of the late 1960's.  in 1991 new owner luzanne
griffith was given an fm broadcast license and wgog 96.3 fm began
broadcasting in september, 1991.  at that time the original wgog was changed
to a southern gospel format, which has proven to be very popular in the
golden corner of south carolina.  every weekend,
"solid gospel am 1000" boasts a great lineup of local gospel
musician who come to the studio to host their own call in shows.

wgog-fm is very popular with an adult contemporary format, local news and
emphasis on college and high school sports.  wgog together has been an
affiliate of the clemson sports network for all of its 40 years.  with the
addition in 1991 of my brother, dr. gary butts, to our staff, we have become
the leader in bringing high school and college sports to the upstate of
south carolina on the weekends.

the following narrative comes courtesy of
john cushing:



thought you might be interested in knowing about
kaos(fm) 89.3 at the evergreen state college, olympia,
washington. i'm not exactly sure when kaos first went on the air serving
the olympia-lacey-tumwater area, but it would have been in the early
seventies shortly after the college opened.  the name was chosen to reflect
the chaotic character of the late '60s and early '70s when the college
came into existence and the station's view of both its management and
programming (which was and is eclectic to say the least).  the college's
motto is "omnia extares" which most often is translated as
"let it all hang out", and kaos does.

since this document originates from the dallas-ft. worth market, there
is a natural interest in thing pertaining to texas. here's information
from  craig hunter, assistant
manager of engineering of the belo
television stations group in dallas:



...our flagship television station, 
wfaa [working for all alike] signed on as kbtv channel 8 in dallas.
belo bought the station in 1950 and changed to calls to wfaa to match
our am station. also, in 1946, we signed on with our first fm station,
w5xic. those experimental calls were replaced with kera. then changed
to wfaa-fm. when we signed on the pbs station in dallas, channel 13,
we asked for kera-tv for them to
show roots to belo.

an interesting slogan involving a pittsburgh station is k)ing of
the q)uaker v)alley for that city's historic
kqv, which incidentally traces its
roots back to 1919, predating
kdka. a few years ago, i talked
with robert dickey general manager of kqv who told me that he was
unaware of his station's call letters having any particular significance.
i mentioned to him i had heard the kqv story on a pittsburgh talk show
hosted by doug hoerth and thought the slogan was unlikely since anything
"quaker" is generally associated with eastern rather than
western pennsylvania. nevertheless, i'll keep that kqv slogan as part
of this origins compilation because the
anecdotal (urban myth?) nature of this document may sometime runs counter
to accuracy.

just prior to the release of origins11
back in october 1993, i became aware of a couple particularly interesting
slogans. one story was told to me by mary ann myers, the general manager
of wlbb in carrollton, ga. the original owner of the
station, judge tisinger, chose the call letters because of his personal
taste: w)e l)ove b)utter b)eans. on the other hand, there's
kgno in ft. dodge, ks: k)ansas g)rows n)o o)nions.
thanks to christopher carmichael who once worked at kgno for that one.

lucky kidd, who emphasizes that
this is indeed his real name, writes from mcpherson, kansas:



i also used to work there [kgno in dodge city, ks],
and there were at least two other slogans around i know of. in addition
to k)ansas g)rows n)o o)nions, it according to a number of people in
dodge city also was alternatively known as k)ansas g)rows n)o o)ranges,
which probably makes more sense than onions when you think about it.
the other slogan, and probably the official one at one point, was
k)ansas' g)ood n)eighbor o)peration.

in your call letter list, you mention kans and
kvgb. the kans calls have been used in three different
locations. first used in wichita, the letters were on 1240 until the
station changed frequencies to 1480 after wwii. (this station in time
became top 40 outlet kleo, and currently is the home
to all sports kqam). the second home to the calls was
in larned, which is on your list. this station on 1510 went on the
air in 1963 and added an fm a few years later. eventually, kans-fm
would become kqdf and later kgtr, it's current calls. kans-fm is
currently licensed to an osage city licensed station on 92.9 (studio
in emporia). the osage city and larned stations were for a time under common
ownership, and the larned am calls became knns after those stations
were sold, with the kans calls retained in osage city/emporia.

kvgb in great bend also has a second meaning to it's
call letters. it also was known as k)ansas v)oice of the g)olden b)elt,
in reference to the area of kansas where great bend is located (from
the golden belt highway, or us 40 between kansas city and denver)

three stations derive their call signs from kanza, the indian tribe
for which kansas is named. they are knza in hiawatha,
kanz in garden city and kzna in
hill city (the latter is a satellite for kanz).

there are a number of cases in kansas where parts of calls letters
signify the past or current ownership. on radio, the ls suffix is
derived from the initials of l)arry s)teckline, who built or bought a
chain of radio stations he sold off the last of a couple of years ago.
the ls calls were placed on a total of 11 stations over the years,
first on kjls in hays in the early 70's, then to
kwls-kgls pratt and ksls liberal
in the late 70's, then to kxls alva/enid, ok and
wwls moore, ok (old wnad in norman), and
kqls colby in the early 80's. later on we would see
kils, first in liberal (now kyuu) now at
minneapolis, ks (salina), kols dodge city (former kdck),
kzls great bend (was kzxl), kbls
north fort riley, and klls augusta/wichita.

two groups of tv (in kansas) stations have common call sign prefixes.
the nbc stations in kansas begin with ksn, for
k)ansas s)tate n)etwork (ksnw wicihta, ksnc great bend (the c for central),
ksng garden city and ksnk oberlin ks/mccook ne, and ksnt topeka).
ksn at one time also owned ksnf joplin, mo, with the f denoting their
coverage of four states. kwch wichita operates a chain
in western kanas under the kansas broadcasting system moniker
(kbsd ensign/dodge city, kbsh hays, and kbsl goodland).

sometime, i or someone is going to have to sit down and write a
history of kansas broadcasting. in over 75 years, there have been more
than a few legends made on the airwaves of the sunflower state.

while on the subject of kansas call letters, here's more information about
kvgb provided by j. schafer, news director of
kanu(fm) in lawrence, ks:



i read with great interest your site on the origin of radio station call
letters. what a great idea!  i thought i'd throw in my two cents about
the call letters kvgb in great bend, kansas.  this was the
first station i ever worked for and i worked there at two different times.
as a native of great bend, i can assure you that you are correct when you
write that kvgb has been used to stand for "kansas: voice of the golden
belt" and in some instances, "kansas: voice of great bend."

however, the original intent or meaning behind the call letters
could have been somewhat different.  i remember working there in
1985 when someone found and purchased for the radio station a large, old
electric clock at some antique store. this beautiful black glass clock was
some sort of promotional item that advertised the radio station's call letters.
the letters k-v-g-b were very big and prominent on the clock and following the
big letters, words were spelled out.  like this:

k)ansas' v)ast g)rain b)elt

i'm no expert on electric clocks but i'd guess that the clock dated back
to at least the late 1930s or early 1940s (because of its triangular art
deco design).  i no longer work at kvgb am fm...but i know many people
who are still there.  i should give them a call sometime and ask whether
that clock is still hanging around the station somewhere.

anyhow...this alternative slogan seems to be just another possibility
when it comes to the origins of k-v-g-b.  of course, in the years that i
worked there (mid 80s through 1992), we said voice of the golden belt on
the air.

steve fernandez provides
this interesting information:



there is at least one group of stations in colorado with the same
characteristic (of a common prefix in the call letters):

krex-tv    grand junction
krey-tv    montrose
kreg-tv    glenwood springs


in the sixties, krez-tv, durango, was part of the
group, which referred to itself as the "xyz television
network".

here's an update about these stations from
don mccullen:



krez-tv was part of the group that owned krex and krey.
"xyz tv" then whiters broadcasting until the mid 90's
when whiters sold krez to lee broadcating which owns krqe
in new mexico.


russell r. bingman adds:


you might also be interested in knowing that the former "xyz"
television network (krex-krey-krez) was founded by rex howell, hence
krex, and was the only television station in western colorado, until he
established krey in montrose and krez in durango. i'm a bit fuzzy on the
dates, but it goes back to the early 1950's.   after the sale of krez,
kreg was started.

thanks to barry mishkind's oldradio,
this listing includes call letters of particularly historic radio
stations (no longer using their original call letters) that have evolved
into broadcast properties still in operation. note the connection from
wtff to wjsv that now leads to
washington's wtop. thanks to barry, i can finally
include wsaz in huntington, wv. during my years in the
mountain state, i had often heard the story of the less than flattering
slogan connected with those call letters. barry's oldradio
does give me a source i can point to at last. along with wsaz, there's
wlw's
infamous w)orld's l)owest w)ages as well as sister station
wsai's: w)e're s)ick a)nd i)rritated.

occasionally, radio stations were just plain confounded by their call
letters yet they still needed a slogan.  a few of the more humorous
ones are included in tom kneitel's
radio station treasury 1900-1946. san diego's legendary
kgb was touted in december 1931 as the station providing
"music for the sick". then there's kgbz (once
in york, ne) known as "the swine and poultry station".


acknowledgements
much of what you see here is based upon the knowledge of associates
currently in the broadcast industry (plus those who have moved on to
the academic field) as well as special contributors.


these usenet rec.radio.broadcasting
posters, compuserve broadcast professionals forum members, rime broadcast
conference participants, fidonet folks, people who have written to me via
e-mail and others:

   frank absher fabsher@i1.net
   stanley adams stanleybadams@yahoo.com
   john anastasio jerz@earthlink.net
   mike andrews mandrews@lawton-constitution.com
   david arndt david@d48.net
   jay arnold yipeitsdjj@yahoo.com
   jim ayers jim@jimaylin.raider.net
   ray barrington
   dick basten rtbasten@hotmail.com
   dan beach
   james c bellinger erd00445@mail.eritter.net
   mark bending
   david biddix
   david blair david_blair@jdedwards.com
   michael l. blair wmlb@zoomnet.net
   paul bogrow
   julian breen
   f. ray bryant bryantfr@psln.com
   david buckner qrk1@hotmail.com
   steve burgess mediadude@gmail.com
   kirkland burke 1whoknows@msn.com
   jason bullett jbullett99@yahoo.com
   dennis burns yajl13a@prodigy.com
   david a. cantor dave@davecantor.us
   christopher carmichael
   bruce carter r-carter5@ti.com
   bob chessick bobch@epix.net
   raleigh chinn raleighc@halcyon.com
   frank christensen frankc@pace-setter.com
   tom clay imtomclay@aol.com
   mark cleveland mcleveland@infodata.co
   scott cobourn
   jonathan coke
   chris colbert chris_colbert@worldnet.att.net
   edward k. conklin
   brian converse bconverse@ids.net
   mike cooper tripelo@gmail.com
   bill corea hwcco@chevron.com
   stroud corr stroud.s.corr@vanderbilt.edu
   charles crawford ccrawford@dynasty.net
   michael crook crookm@michaelcrook.com
   david damron fb1935@aol.com
   jack darden jldard@yahoo.com
   d. l. day imagine@ktvb.net
   w. curt deegan wwwr@earthlink.net
   charlie defir
   rick delahanty delahanty@gmail.com
   linda delfs ldelfs@mail.nysed.gov
   kelly deyoe kelly@nine.org
   doug douglass dougdouglass@msn.com
   robert deglau robd@wi.rr.com
   dx, dx@netcom.com
   rich eagles
   mark c. eggert meggert@wpo.uwsuper.edu
   ed ellers ed_ellers@msn.com
   fred ennis
   lief w. erickson lwerickson@students.wisc.edu
   geoff evans geoffevans@gmail.com
   stefan ewing stefan.ewing@digital-dispatch.com
   david j. fabilli dfabilli@ppc.edu
   scott falke sfalke@pacbell.net
   daryl fredine dfredine@ecol.net
   john fuller jfuller@pbs.org
   bryan gadow shore72@yahoo.com
   patrick gallagher patrickgallagher@clearchannel.com
   rico garcia ricogarcia@gmail.com
   keith gatling
   joseph gillis
   david gillmore dgillmore@pdq.net
   steve gjondla
   gary glaenzer" glaenzer@verizon.net
   gloria
   brian gongol gongolb0384@uni.edu
   ken grady kengrady@cox.net
   dan green dgreen@carmelnet.com
   paul gundlach paul_gundlach@yr.com
   david eduardo gleason radiodavid@usa.net
   philip harris pk_harris@hotmail.com
   vince harzewski vh2@buffalo.edu
   brad hall bhal1602@bellsouth.net
   craig healy
   ron hebron rhebron@uswest.net
   paul hemmer dbqpaul@mchsi.com
   paul s. highland paul-kim@thegrid.net
   john hora
   bryan "homey" holloway holloway@clio.sts.uiuc.edu
   bob hutchins
   klz/kltt/kldc engineering: denver, co klzeng@aol.com
   jack, djjackd@aol.com
   phil sean jackie wspjz@stargate.net
   dennis jackson wwdj@optonline.net
   earl jones esjones@iname.com
   tom karnauskas karna@ll.net
   j.p. kirby pkirby@brunnet.net
   alan lane
   everett langford everett_langford@huntsman.com
   ron lavalee
   chris lee ezclee4050@aol.com
   josh lehan krellan@krellan.com
   joel k. levy, ph.d.
   auriette lindsey taminar@aol.com
   wayne lorentz
   g. paul luke paul.luke@fema.gov
   jerry mccarty jerry.mccarty@um.cc.umich.edu
   alva j. mcdonald, k4gie fsu_father@yahoo.com
   doug mcelvein totalpm@kmox.com
   mike mckenna two2hot@msn.com
   mike mckinney mcm@cei.net
   john maher maherjd@earthlink.net
   mike mannino mjmirn1970@aol.com
   pat marriott marriottp@aol.com
   jon meyer, n9qen n9qen@prodigy.net
   barry mishkind barry@broadcast.net
   michael moore baronet68@hotmail.com
   patrick mullen pmullen@cmp.com
   chris mohall
   max moody
   don moore mooredxer@yahoo.com
   rick murphy rmurphy@badgerinternet.com
   mike o'dell mo@uu.net
   jim poston jim.poston@libcom.dps.com
   dan packard
   ron parker ronsfo@aol.com
   leslie pearson
   james perry perry.james.r@worldnet.att.net
   lou pickney loupickney@aol.com
   rick plummer ka0fbo@mchsi.com
   george pollard gpollard@ccs.carleton.ca
   gus polly guspolly@gmail.com
   steve prestegard sprestegard@mariancollege.edu
   rdsmyrna@aol.com
   jennings randall randall.a.jennings.ctr@nga.mil
   chris rathaus
   alan l. ravitch alan@alanr.net
   les reeves lreeves@crl.com
   k. m. richards ontheair@pacbell.net
   stacy richardson charlestace@mindspring.com
   w. h. robinson tyntees@aol.com
   steven rosenow srosenow_98@yahoo.com
   miles h. rost pidge@mail.cloudnet.com
   chris roth chris.roth@marriott.com
   dan rouse dan.rouse@transamerica.com
   michael rudolf mjr@mymail.emcyber.com
   robert sabon robert_sabon@inter-tel.com
   mike saelens msaelens@hotmail.com
   robert schaffrath
   jacob schanker
   fred schroyer freditor@greenepa.net
   michael schwartz wpookymike@aol.com
   todd m. senzig
   allen sherrill awsherrill@email.msn.com
   jesse sherwood webmaster@blue-dog.com
   edward shipley eshipleycri@hotmail.com
   pat shirley
   thomas sims tsims1@san.rr.com
   norman ross sinclair iii mosquitobait@earthlink.net
   allen j. sklar ajsklar@northrim.net
   peter skinner peter_skinner@theedge.ca
   pete slagle pete@slagle.net
   bryan smeathers eagle2005cck@hotmail.com
   ivan smith rustfrog@han.auracom.com
   don smith dsmith2381@aol.com
   william h. smith
   paul e. sojka ks2s12@aol.com
   al sponar al.sponar@hamlink.mn.org
   paul staupe, w0ad pstaupe@qwest.net
   george stein, nj3h, stephens city, virginia
   rickey stein rickey456@aol.com
   daryl stephens dstep61@comcast.net
   jeff stricker jeffw9gy@insightbb.com
   mike sussman sussmanm@earthlink.net
   gerry terpening gterp@msn.com
   diane thevedon
   a.j. tiensivu
   chuck till ctill@mindspring.com
   tom radiofreetom@gmail.com
   gary r tompkins
   todd e. toles
   joshua trupin
   michael d. tucker, kf4sno michaeltucker@mindspring.com
   alfonzo tyson quartzquiz@webtv.net
   utah folk utahfolk@xmission.com
   ray vaughn
   fred vobbe
   kyle w. tmpt655@netscape.net
   tom wahl twahl@wear.sbgnet.com
   lance walker
   rob walker rwalker653@aol.com
   matthew warner
   sean a. watson 346ipnt@cmuvm.csv.cmich.edu
   bob wells bob_wells@tax.org
   carl white
   johnny williams johnnyv@gte.net
   betsy crowell ewcrowell@yahoo.com
   garrett wollman wollman@halloran-eldar.lcs.mit.edu
   kelli (goeman) wollmann
   laura wrede lwrede@fnoc.navy.mil
   roger yaeger rogyaeger@aol.com
   steve young
   ray zoller
   chmac@uswestmail.net

   jim alexander, karv: russellville, ar
   art argyries, general manager: wvsy, charlottesville, va
   perry ballinger, former engineer and now technical consyltant:
                    wtig, massillon, oh w8au@sssnet.com
   don bayley: an engineering supervisor, abc radio networks, new york
   bob belcher: program director, kand radio, corsicana, texas
   randy bell, vice president: jam creative productions
   marvin r. bensman, j.d., ph.d., dept. of communication,
                      university of memphis bensmanm@msuvx1.memphis.edu
   bob bittner, owner: wjib, cambridge, ma (and other properties)
                       jibguy@aol.com
   jim broadwater, technical manager: on air digital usa, dallas
                   jbroadwater@onairusa.com
   duncan brown, k2oeq: university of rochester class of '67 duncanancy@mindex.com
   david breneman, software engineering services:
                   digital systems international, inc.,
                   redmond, washington daveb@jaws.engineering.dgtl.com
   ellis bromberg, general manager: wmvs(tv), milwaukee
                   university of illinois at urbana-champaign
                   brombere@matc.edu
   sara b. caldwell, former general manager: wrho-fm, oneonta, ny
   mike callahan, chief engineer: kiis-fm, los angeles
   david carroll, news anchor: wrcb, chattanooga
   hoyt carter, operations manager: wnah, nashville
   phil cole, station manager, stereo 2bs/b-rock fm 99.3: bathhurst, nsw
              pcole@2bs.ix.net.au
   michael w. christopher, general manager: wwki/citadel broadcasting company, kokomo, in
   larson cooper, operations manager: kmcm-fm, odessa, tx
   wyatt cox and herb kraft, wtkn: daleville (dothan), al
   john croft, kb3bpn, silver spring, md
   chuck crose, wlmi: kane, pa
   j.r. curtis, president: kfro, longview, tx
   john dakins, program director: wixc, bay city, mi
   gary diamond, chief engineer: kkob am/fm, albuquerque
   robert dickey, 1410 kqv, pittsburgh
   bruce dierking, president: dierking communications inc., marysville/norton, ks
   randy dietterich, chief engineer: wamo, pittsburgh
   bob donnelly, montclair nj: vp engineering abc radio network, retired
   ed dravecky, technician: on air digital usa, dallas
                   edravecky@onairusa.com
   mark edwards, program director: wlit, chicago
   jim efaw, computer system administrator: peoria il
   jon ellis, program director: kuws, university of wisconsin-superior
              jellis@acad.uwsuper.edu mn/wi broadcasting info
   jack evans, operations manager: krfx, denver
   mike fitzpatrick, master control director, wwlp-tv springfield, ma
   paul fleishman, general manager: wgsm/wmjc, huntington, li
   walter freeman, radio field service engineer: harris corporation, quincy illinois usa
   milton l. fulghum, flightsafety international:
                      saint charles, mo fulghum@vss.fsi.com
   larry fuss, president: wdtl and delta radio, cleveland, ms
   pat glynn: wireless flash news
   butch guest, president: wedr, miami
   al hajny, p.e.: clear channel milwaukee, wb9liv
   ron harrell, kimn(fm), denver, co
   dave harris: vice president, clear channel broadcasting dharris@safari.net
   earlene hayes, kboc: bridgeport, tx
   john hicks, sales representative, scott studios, dallas
   ken hoehn, teletech, inc: broadcast engineering consultants
   loring holden, healthchex, inc: fairport, ny loring@healthchex.com
   dr. herbert howard, phd, assistant dean of graduate studies:
                            college of communications
                            university of tennessee, knoxville
   roy humpfrey, chief engineer: wwva/wovk, wheeling, wv
   skip hunter, corporate it/director of engineering: heartland communications group, ashland, wi
   greg jablonski, president and general manager: whmi-fm, howell, mi
   douglas e. jessmer, assistant chief of graphics: pittsburgh tribune-review
   mark jividen, vp and general manager: wbzx/wege/wmni,
                 north american broadcasting co., inc., columbus, oh
   robert johnson, amateur radio operator: wd0adw
   brian kay, wmoh 1450 radio: hamilton, oh
   paula keiser, k8pk, k8pk@arrl.net
   kyle kellums, news director kuaf: fayetteville, ar kkellam@comp.uark.edu
   timothy kimble, program director: public radio east
   rob kowald, sysadmin: tm century, dallas rkowald@tmcentury.com
   jack kratoville: wltw, new york
   bill kuhar: wcau-tv, philadelphia
   bob langstaff, owner: wamv, amherst, va
   art larky, phd, professor emeritus, ee/ece department: lehigh university, bethelehem, pa
   dave labrozzi, program director: wwsw/3ws, pittsburgh
   matt lane, wmts/wmot/wgns: murfresboro, tn
   matthew lightner, chief engineer: wvam/wprr, altoona, pa
   matt locker, vp programming, wght pompton lakes, nj
                provoice@bellatlantic.net
   wayne lorentz, news anchor: wall-wkoj/middletown, ny waynel@sod.linet.org
   doug lowe, executive vice president, broadcast group: meredith corporation, des moines, ia
   john marocchi, chief engineer: wvko/wsny, columbus, oh
   dan martzall, wfaa-tv, dallas
   howard mcdonald chmac@uswestmail.net
   stuart mcrae, abc radio, dallas
   jack messmer, senior editor radio business report radiobiz@aol.com
   randy michaels, vp/coo: jacor broadcasting, cincinnati
   scott michaels, director of operations and programming:
                   wupm(fm)/whry, ironwood, mi
   harry milkman, amateur radio operator: n2kih
   sam milkman, promotion director: wegx(fm), philadelphia
   bryan mix-dean, former keener 14 (battle creek, mi) jock "ron scott"
   chuck mohnkern, co-owner: mohnkern electronics and kpyk, terrell, texas
   doug morris, news producer: wdam-tv, hattiesburg, ms
   tom morris, engineer: wrgp-fm, homestead, fl
   mary ann myers, general manager: wlbb, carrollton, ga
   michael myers, mmyers@igateway.net
   bob nelson, wmwm, salem, ma
   bruce nelson, rochester distributed computer services:
                 eastman kodak company, rochester, ny nelson@kodak.com
   david e. nelson: media watchdog on the west coast
   linc reed-nickerson, rohde and schwarz, inc.
   jerry noble, corporate pd: martz communications, sault ste. marie, mi
   eric o'brien, pbrtv, pittsburgh radio and television editor/webmaster
   hamilton o'hara, wgsk: south kent, ct
   jim o'malley, station manager: kcit/kcpn, amarillo, tx
   mike mccarthy, director of engineering: newsweb radio company, chicago, il
   rich mcclear, klef-kudo, anchorage, ak
   michael nevradakis, wusb 90.1 fm, stony brook, ny
   ron ostlund, owner: ksxy, fresno, ca
   cal owens: communications consultant, rome city schools,
              rome, ga 30161 cowens@rcs.rome.ga.us
   patrick parks, klvi: beaumont, tx
   (country) paul payton, formerly wwyz, waterbury/hartford bsandpp@verizon.net
   greg perich, president: wjxr, inc., jacksonville, fl
   jim pogue, public affairs specialist:
              memphis district, us army corps of engineers,
              memphis, tn james.t.pogue@mvm02.usace.army.mil
   joe portelli, sr design spec/unix system administrator:
                 the pennsylvania state university, center for electronic design
   ray radlein ray@learnlink.emory.edu
   joe  reilly, news radio 930 whlm: bloomsburg, pa
   mike reining (mike davis), kwg/kexx: stockton, ca
   lu romero, operations manager: wfts-tv, tampa, fl
   chris rollins: khks/106.1 kiss fm, dallas
   t. carter ross, editor in chief, radio world international: falls church, va
   christopher roth, independent programming consultant/weekend jock
                     mix 107.3 washington dc taterstud@aol.com
   lou rugani, music of the stars, wlip, racine, wi
   rick saphire, rick saphire productions, inc.
   matthew saplin, manager of production and news operations: wxxa-tv, albany, ny
   john schaab, orban, dallas
   john schad, president: smarts broadcast systems, emmetsburg, ia
   johnny schad, chief programmer: smarts broadcast systems, emmetsburg, ia
   martin schamis, general manager, wvud: newark, de sex@chopin.udel.edu
   george schleicher, amateur radio operator: w9nlt, deerfield, il
                      (george is reponsible for most of the information about
                      the radio stations in greater chicago as well as a
                      fascinating souvenir program from the "tenth anniversary
                      of wgn" in 1934).
   jim seaman: wfan, new york
   rick sellers, owner/gm: kmry radio, cedar rapids, ia
   randy shaffer, engineer, wlyh-tv, lancaster-lebanon, pa
   mike shannon, chief engineer: wrbr, south bend, in
   dr. michael shapiro, phd., nrad: san diego, ca
   david sharp's most excellent home page
   brian l. short, ce klzr/klwn: lawrence, ks
   jeff skibbe, general manager: 88.7 kxms, joplin, mo
   dan slentz, vice president of technology and broadcast operations: kera, dallas, tx
   stanley j. slonski trfolly@earthlink.net
   bryan smeathers, general manager, wmta, central city, ky
   chuck smith, ceo, wlre, elloree, sc
   doug smith: wsmv(tv), nashville
   rockwell smith engineer exchange
   len songer lensonger@usa.net
   dean sorenson, sorenson broadcasting: sioux falls, sd
                  (just about any station listed in iowa, the dakotas or
                  minnesota can be attributed to mr. sorenson, one of the
                  nation's finest radio station group operators).
   joe b. stephens iii, senior media specialist:
                        citadel broadcasting,
                        katm/khkk/khop/kesp/kdjk,
                        modesto, ca
   david stewart: moving target consulting works, dallas
   rohn stevenz, program director, wtus: mannington, wv
   michael r. stike, operations manager: wdac, lancaster, pa
   christopher j sullivan, infrastructure officer: southern vectis omnibus co ltd
   danny tabor, wlck/wvle(fm): scottsville, ky
   christopher tarr: chief engineer, nextmedia, joliet, il
   james taszarek, vp/general manager: ktar/kklt, phoenix
   charles w. taylor, iii: station manager, wtju-fm at the university
                           of virginia, charlottesville cwt9s@virginia.edu
   bryan thomas, broadcast engineer, kmov-tv, st. louis
                 former curator of broadcast media at the missouri historical society
   ron thompson, chief engineer: klon, long beach, ca
   robb topolski, amateur radio operator: kj6yt topolski@kaiwan.com
   todd vandyke, program director: eagle radio station, l'anse, mi
   preston walker, chief engineer: mcalester radio, ok
   mike williams, producer: witf, harrisburg, pa
   wvcg, coral gables, fl staff members:
         larry mann, production manager
         oscar prieto, producer
         mike lantz, "if it's about radio he knows it!"
   paul yacich, w5llj: formerly with wdsu radio (1947-1948)
                and wdsu-tv (1948-1971)

a very special thanks is in order for
barry mishkind,
"the eclectic engineer".
he is continuing his work on the previously mentioned
oldradio, a fascinating project that traces the history
of pioneer radio stations.

in addition, a number of other resources have been valuable:


roy j. bellavia's a capsule history of past and present radio
stations in the chicagoland area copyright 1978, chicago, illinois.

tom kneitel's radio station treasury 1900-1946 published
in 1986 by crb research, post office box 56, commack, new york 11725.

several periodicals from the national radio club have been
most helpful.

another important primary source has been radio
broadcast stations in the united states published
january 1, 1932 by the federal radio commission, precursor to the fcc.


i am most appreciative to linus torvalds for having the idea of
creating a truly remarkable,
free unix-like operating
system and then making linux
a reality for millions of computer users to enjoy.

thanks also to larry wall for
perl
and al aho, brian kernighan and peter weinberger for creating the

awk programming language, invaluable in formatting the listing.
all of the html is either auto-generated or hand-entered using the
exceedingly flexible and powerful vim
editor, a vi clone created by bram moolenaar.


more recently, the mysql database
has been used to maintain the list itself and the relationship between
each entry and the many contributors who make this information
possible.


notes


the list is arranged alphabetically in ascii (using the iso 646
invariant character set) collating order based upon call letters.

ownership information is not necessarily current, instead it is
based upon ownership at the time of the grant of the call letters.

the call letters may not necessarily be current. this is particularly
true in light of format modifications and ownership changes.

there is no warranty whatsoever for the accuracy (or possibly total
lack thereof) of the information presented herein. don't bet the
ranch on the validity of anything contained in the list. although
a reasonable effort was made to be correct, some of the meanings attributed
to the call letters may be nothing more than "urban myths".

the names, employers and e-mail addresses of the cited contributors
were current as of the date of the receipt of the information. some of
this is many years old and may be severely outdated.

this is not a peer-reviewed journal and contents may settle during
shipping.

void where prohibited.


now that you've
read this narrative, here's the current compilation, featuring
a listing of the call letters.


return to the oldradio main page.