








heartland growersheartland growers | wholesale nursery and greenhouse













































































heartland growers








search








            	2621 e 186th st. westfield, in 46074 (map)
phone: 317-896-9355 | 
toll free: 800-852-9524







our products

plants & flowers


wholesale customers

new & upcoming
availability
requirements
policies & procedures
wholesale customer application


about us

our history
meet the team
community involvement
awards & publications
tours


fundraising

general information
strategies
faqs


blog
contact

contact us
map & directions
hours
join our team
store locator


 



prev next



come visit our facility…
we will bring spring to you!



o
o
o
o






welcome to our garden
heartland growers is a full-service wholesale greenhouse located in westfield, indiana, which has been owned and operated by the gapinski family since 1984. heartland growers supplies wholesale plants to independent garden centers, florists, landscapers and national chain stores throughout the midwest.
we are one of the most modern, capital intensive greenhouses in indiana.  our “vanwingerden” greenhouses are double polyethylene and are gutter connected with 24 foot – 36 foot bays.  the greenhouse facility covers over 30 acres where a variety of plants are produced including: bedding plants, geraniums, lilies, hanging baskets (flowering and foliage), mums, poinsettias and other flowering crops.
the current heartland grower’s market includes all of indiana, and states throughout the midwest.
heartland growers is committed to continually maintaining a modern, efficient, and automated growing facility in order to produce quality products for our customers.  you can be assured with this commitment by heartland’s team that quality and service are our top priorities.






recent posts



spring garden prep
february 27, 2024 in uncategorized 

more from the blog »



email sign-up








email address  *




first name 



last name 



customer 





 














search










        	© 2025 heartland growers. all rights reserved.
facebook | twitter | pinterest | linkedin | rss








