






			walter de maria, the new york earth room |             visit our locations & sites | 
            visit | 
             dia        













































[skip to content]

[skip to footer links]
















visit














search

























visit
exhibitions

program


calendar
lectures & talks
artist web projects
artist playlists
past programs




art


artist a to z
collection




learning


learning at dia
community
schools
group visits
internships
fellowships
families
teens




support


overview
donate
gala & benefit
membership
councils
corporate giving



watch & listen
blog

about


about dia
board of trustees
sam gilliam award
employment, internships, and opportunities
contact information
press
sign up for dia news




bookshop


browse
dia publications





 
close


cart
your shopping cart is now empty.









		visit our locations & sites	


walter de maria, the new york earth room
141 wooster street,
new york




walter de maria, the new york earth room, 1977. © estate of walter de maria. photo: john cliett









overview


wednesday–sunday
12–3 pm and 3:30–6 pm
admission is free 


an interior earth sculpture. 
250 cubic yards of earth (197 cubic meters)3,600 square feet of floor space (335 square meters)22 inch depth of material (56 centimeters)total weight of sculpture: 280,000 lbs. (127,300 kilos)the new york earth room (1977) is the third earth room sculpture executed by the artist, the first being in munich in 1968. the second was installed at the hessisches landesmuseum in darmstadt, west germany, in 1974. the first two works no longer exist. the new york earth room has been on long-term view to the public since 1977. this work was commissioned and is maintained by dia art foundation. admission admission is free.
the new york earth room is closed on thanksgiving day, christmas eve, christmas day, december 31, and january 1.
photography is not permitted.
the new york earth room is located on the second floor and is accessible by stairs or elevator; the gallery entrance is preceded by a stair. a ramp is available on request; inform the caretaker on arrival by intercom or in advance by calling 646 869 6180 during opening hours.
an illustrated brochure about the site is available below.
 walter de maria, the new york earth room





accessibility and service animals




the new york earth room is located on the second floor and is accessible by stairs or elevator. the gallery entrance is preceded by a stair and a ramp is available on request; inform the caretaker on arrival by intercom or in advance by calling 646 869 6810 during opening hours.
ada service dogs are welcome. pets, including therapy or emotional-support animals, are not permitted in the galleries.








artist


walter de maria


walter de maria was born in albany, california, in 1935. he died in los angeles in 2013.
view profile







related sites












walter de maria, the lightning field

go to walter de maria, the lightning field page











walter de maria, the broken kilometer

go to walter de maria, the broken kilometer page











walter de maria, the vertical earth kilometer

go to walter de maria, the vertical earth kilometer page










books













				artists on walter de maria			

artists on walter de maria is the second installment in a series culled from dia art foundation’s artists on artists lectures, focused on the work of artist walter de maria. it features contributions from richard aldrich, jeanne dunning, guillermo faivovich and nicolás goldberg, and terry winters.
view details







				photo: don stahl			





				walter de maria: the new york earth room poster			

full-color offset poster
created to celebrate the public opening of walter de maria’s the new york earth room on january 1, 1980.
view details









share this page
facebook
twitter


walter de maria, the lightning field
western new mexico

walter de maria, the vertical earth kilometerfriedrichsplatz park
kassel, germany



 



get dia news



receive dia news and be the first to hear about events and exhibitions happening at our locations and sites.




email


sign up














become a member


donate



dia beacon
3 beekman street 
beacon, new york 12508



dia chelsea
537 west 22nd street 
new york, new york 10011




facebook

x


instagram








©1995–2025 dia art foundation


contact us
terms of use
privacy policy
shop terms
accessibility
credits


top

















