











home - hualālai resort - big island, hawai'i




































 












hualālai



our story

introduction
history
living
staying
people
‘ohana foundation
resort brochures
location & maps
news, awards & press
hualālai magazine
employment


four seasons hotel
club

introduction
club member privileges
hualālai canoe club & residents’ beach house
ke‘olu clubhouse
ke‘olu golf course
four seasons resort hualālai
hualālai club concierge


activities

introduction
hualālai sports club

fitness classes
personal training
meet the specialists


marine life adventures

aquaculture farms
turtle tagging
educational outreach
marine life & habitats
birds of ka‘ūpūlehu
natural ressources news & events
meet the specialists
programs, tour & events


cultural center

activities and programs
educational outreach
the hawaiian language
teaching videos
plants of ka‘ūpūlehu
cultural news & events
meet the specialists


tennis
alaka‘i nalu
island wide activities


golf

introduction
clinics, lessons and activities
hualālai golf hale
2025 mitsubishi electric championship at hualālai


spa

introduction
apothecary treatments
island bath journeys
massage therapies
wellness services
specialty body treatments
skin care therapies
hualālai salon
spa packages
meet the specialists


dining

introduction
beach tree
beach tree bar and lounge
hualālai trading company
miller & lux hualālai
residents’ beach house
‘ulu
noio
recipes


shopping

introduction
seaside luxe
seaside beach
seaside men’s
seaside spa
seaside kids
seaside active
the club shop
the tennis shop
hualālai trading company
in-store boutiques
trunk shows


hualālai realty
vacation rentals
 

members’ log-in
contact us
employment
press log-in
 












hualālai































										welcome to paradise									




























































































why hualālai is the ultimate island destination.
hualālai resort is located in the ahupua‘a (land division) of ka‘ūpūlehu. here, the land is rich in lore, natural resources and plant and sea life. this coastal land once known as a fishing village, transformed into the coastal community of hawai‘i island’s kona-kohala coast, has set the new standard in hospitality. hualālai is a small part of the island’s rich exploration, welcoming a new generation to live and stay. come explore our culture, share our adventures and fall in love with the spirit of hualālai.
read our story









stay at hualālai


consistently ranked among the top of the world’s best hotels lists, four seasons resort hualālai welcomes you to enjoy our legendary icon of island luxury and hospitality. hualālai is also known as a great resort community. welcoming back our members and their guests with warm genuine hospitality is the essence of what makes this place special.
plan your stay














live at hualālai


as the best-selling destination in hawai‘i, hualālai invites you to be part of the legacy of generations of ‘ohana (family) who call this hawai‘i island community home.
find your home








the hualālai club


the hualālai canoe club’s members’ only club includes a covered dining facility, two pools, an expanded shaded pool deck, and expanded lawn and activity areas. with an ocean front view of uluweuweu bay and the pacific, our members enjoy ocean views year round.
hualālai canoe club














hualālai tennis club



hualālai tennis club
with seven rebound ace tennis courts and three pickleball courts, the hualālai tennis club has everything you need to improve your game. book a private lesson with one of our pros for a fully customized experience or bring some friends for a round robin style tournament. if you’re in need of the latest tennis apparel, accessories, and equipment, look no further than the the tennis shop located adjacent to the exhibition court.
more information




frank & eileen pop up



frank & eileen pop up
practicing sustainability and diversity as a women owned, certified b corp, frank & eileen is more that just a clothing company. their garments are made using 100% cotton from the finest family-owned italian mill. the casual, breathable, and comfortable line of oeko-tex certified shirts and dresses can be found at seaside beach boutique for a limited time.
more information




miller & lux hualālai



from sf to hawai‘i
miller & lux hualālai is a new dining experience by chef tyler florence with an intimate club-like ambiance and views of hualālai golf course’s 18th green. one of the best restaurants in town, miller & lux hualālai is inspired by the cuisine and bounty of hawai‘i island. the menu, helmed by kelsey coulson, executive chef, and dylan ghadiri, sous chef, features high-quality steaks from local ranchers, sustainable seafood, and farm-direct vegetables.
more information

















mana’o (thought) of the month
“ ‘a‘ohe hana nui ke alu ‘ia ”
no task is too big when done together by all.
– ‘ōlelo no‘eau, #142










latest press
hualālai has been fortunate to have received a number of industry awards and accolades. we are proud of this recognition and strive to remain a top destination for world travelers. take a look through our latest news, awards and press.




forbesbest luxury resort in hawaii
															

afarthe 15 best luxury beach resorts in the world
															

golf digestfor golf lovers and relaxation seekers
															

inspire designthe feeling of family
															




















hualālai magazine ~ winter/spring 2025


e komo mai, as we say here in hawai‘i—welcome. we are thrilled to have you here at hualālai, whether you live or visit hualālai or the four seasons resort hualālai we look forward to having you experience the many faucets of this wahi pana (place).  our stories share the essence of the place and the people here at hualālai and hawai‘i.  enjoy the beauty, warm weather and spirit of aloha.
browse magazine











hualālai mobile app
visiting the hualālai resort? download our mobile app to help make it easy for you to locate resort information and navigate around the resort with our gps-enabled app. the app will help you locate the restaurants, pools, spa facilities and neighborhood locations if you are staying at a home or villa.
     
click here for more information























#1 resort in hawai‘i
#5 resort in usa









five diamond award
23 consecutive years









five-star award (hotel)
13 consecutive years









wine spectator
award of excellence














































hualālai iphone app
privacy policy
site map
website credits


						©2024 hualālai resort, all rights reserved.
					





































