






pregnant teen help | teen pregnancy statistics, prevention, and facts





































skip to content



pregnant teen help
teen pregnancy statistics, prevention, and facts








teenage pregnancy and religion 

 

pregnancy statistics show a link between teenage pregnancy and religion. despite the fact that many religions encourage abstinence and saying no to premarital sex among teens, the teenage pregnancy rate is actually higher in states with a stronger religious presence.
however, there could be several reasons for this. other pregnancy statistics show an increase in births in states where there is more conservative religious beliefs. […] continue reading…


author  adminposted on february 7, 2012february 7, 2012categories teenage pregnancy and 



advice for teens considering adoption 

 

advice for teens considering adoption can be a helpful source of comfort for those teens who find themselves in the scary and unexpected predicament of being pregnant. looking at the advice for teens considering adoption might help them make the best decision concerning their unborn baby and themselves.
in addition to simply receiving advice, it is important for teens to take a hard look at […] continue reading…


author  adminposted on february 1, 2012categories pregnancy facts 



teen birth control 

 

finding the best teen birth control is one of the best ways to help cut down on the growing number of teen pregnancies that occur in the united states each year. when it comes to teen birth control, there are a few options that are better than others. keep reading to learn more.
there are some types of teen birth control methods that are better […] continue reading…


author  adminposted on january 23, 2012january 23, 2012categories prevention 



teenage pregnancy and miscarriage 

 

when it comes to teenage pregnancy and miscarriage, it is important to know that about 15 to 25 percent of teen pregnancies may result in a miscarriage. there are many reasons for this. there are several reasons for teenage pregnancy and miscarriage. keep reading to learn more.
according to teenage pregnancy and miscarriage statistics, about 900,000 teen girls get pregnant each year in the united […] continue reading…


author  adminposted on january 19, 2012january 19, 2012categories teenage pregnancy and 



condoms help prevent more than teen pregnancy 

 

when it comes to safe sex, it is important for sexually active teens to realize that condoms help prevent more than teen pregnancy. there are many risks teens take when they have unprotected sex including unintended pregnancy as well as sexually transmitted diseases.
based on the history of the condom, this prevention device has been used during sexual intercourse to prevent sexually transmitted infections for […] continue reading…


author  adminposted on january 10, 2012january 10, 2012categories related issues 



teenage pregnancy and divorce 

 

the numbers between teenage pregnancy and divorce often correlate, unfortunately for those pregnant teens that get married young. according to the teenage pregnancy and divorce rates, men and women that marry as teens are more likely to get divorced than couples that are over the age of 25 at the time of marriage.
typically the first marriage for teen women under the age of 18 […] continue reading…


author  adminposted on january 3, 2012categories teenage pregnancy and 



emergency contraception vs. abortion 

 

emergency contraception vs. abortion: everyone wants to know the difference. unfortunately there are many misconceptions to the differences found in emergency contraception vs. abortion. some believe them to be the same thing, but in reality this is far from the truth.
many individuals in the public believe emergency contraception and abortion to be the same thing, which is why there is often such an outrage […] continue reading…


author  adminposted on december 28, 2011categories prevention 



teen parenting 

 

teen parenting can be one of the scariest and most intimidating realities faced by any pregnant teen. however, choosing teen parenting over adoption or terminating the pregnancy can also be a noble choice if the teen is prepared to seek help in providing a good life to their baby.
teen pregnancy is often considered to be a huge epidemic particularly in the united states. unfortunately […] continue reading…


author  adminposted on december 19, 2011categories pregnancy options 



types of birth control 

 

when it comes to pregnancy prevention, one of the most important things to keep in mind are the various types of birth control. there are actually many types of birth control, and you should consider using the method that works best for you to prevent unintended pregnancy.
there are many types of birth control ranging from hormonal methods that require a prescription to barrier methods […] continue reading…


author  adminposted on december 14, 2011categories prevention 



teenage pregnancy statistics by state 

 

some states demonstrate a higher rate of teens and unexpected pregnancy, according to recent teenage pregnancy statistics by state. in fact, the highest teenage pregnancy statistics by state indicate a rise in teen pregnancy in the south and southwestern states.
according to teenage pregnancy statistics by state, the south and southwest states in america are responsible for the highest number of teen pregnancies. about ten […] continue reading…


author  adminposted on december 5, 2011december 5, 2011categories statistics 


posts navigation
page 1
page 2
…
page 9
next page




 





  recent articles 

teenage pregnancy and religion


advice for teens considering adoption


teen birth control


teenage pregnancy and miscarriage


condoms help prevent more than teen pregnancy


teenage pregnancy and divorce


emergency contraception vs. abortion


teen parenting


types of birth control


teenage pregnancy statistics by state


abortion pill


where to get birth control


effects of teenage pregnancy


safe haven laws


early pregnancy tests


article categories 
pregnancy facts

pregnancy options

pregnant teen issues

prevention

related issues

resources

statistics

teen help

teenage pregnancy and


site pages 
about us
disclaimer
help our site!!!

 



pregnant teen help

					proudly powered by wordpress				










