


broadsword online games














home

games


star wars: the old republic™


ultima online™


dark age of camelot™



about
careers









become the hero of your own star wars™ adventure!
begin your journey with one of eight origin stories, and follow the path of the light side or the dark side of the force. wield a blaster or swing a lightsaber, fight under the banner of the galactic republic or the sith empire, and experience hours worth of fully-voiced cinematic storytelling. build and destroy relationships with compelling characters as you make choices that determine the fate of enemies and allies alike. with over 10 years of content in star wars: the old republic™, you can explore vibrant worlds across a galaxy far, far away, challenge other players in pvp, join forces against strong and powerful foes, create and join guilds, customize characters and personal strongholds, and so much more. begin your star wars journey today!star wars © & ™ lucasfilm ltd. all rights reserved.
visit website





worlds of possibilities

experience the rich history of britannia like never before!  whether it is the life of a noble paladin, striving to master the path of virtue or the dreaded infamy of a terrifying necromancer that calls to you, build a modest homestead and begin your career as a blacksmith, selling fine suits of armor and expertly crafted weapons.  take to the high seas and hunt pirate treasure, hauling it back to your castle to celebrate with friends.  the only limit to the experience of ultima online™ is your imagination!  join our community of passionate players and play in a world of possibilities in ultima online™!


see more





live the legend
king arthur is dead and with him the force that held three realms in an uneasy peace.  now the defenders of albion, midgard, and hibernia are locked in a mortal struggle to defend their sacred relics and preserve their homelands.  band together with fellow champions of your realm from over 40 classes and more than 20 races.  witness wondrous magic clashing with deadly siege weaponry as raiding parties cross frontier battlefields strewn with the bodies of fallen warriors.  as heroes, they return with captured treasures and the insignia of victory.  join our community of passionate players and live the legend of camelot.
see more






every player. every day.
we are broadsword. we have a passion for growing and evolving interconnected online worlds. we believe in quality and strive to deliver compelling content, energized communities and top tier service to all of our players. we are all passionate gamers and we love to work with our communities of committed, hard-core gamers. in the end, for us broadswordians, it's all about providing an unparalleled experience to every player, every day
about us




our studio. our rules.
we are a team of passionate, hard-core gamers with centuries of combined experience creating, running and evolving online games.  we are totally focused on our core communities of ultima online™ and dark age of camelot™  - two of the longest running and most successful mmorpgs ever created.
join us





privacy
terms
contact us

© 2014 broadsword™ online games, inc.





