







the national shrine of saint jude






































































skip to content












visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our instagram page





visit our pinterest page





visit our youtube page





 






send a prayermake a gift











































the national shrine of












st. jude














menu 



prayers send a prayer request a mass light a vigil light send an ecard prayer circle prayers to st. jude faith reflections prayer videosthe shrine st. jude st. jude thaddeus symbols history of st. jude judas iscariot st. jude and danny thomas history of the shrine tour the national shrine of st. jude celebrate a st. jude novena day of prayer for cancer history of our lady of guadalupe church st. jude coloring pagesgive give to the shrine double your donation! arrange a memorial planned giving donor bill of rightslearn living hope newsletters saints st. anthony mary claret st. simon st. anthony of padua st. bridget of sweden our lady of guadalupe st. juan diego st. james all saints day catholic history what is a relic? what is advent? what is the epiphany? what is lent? easter history what is the ascension? what is pentecost? all souls day solemnity of mary, mother of god liturgical seasons about the liturgical calendar view liturgical calendarabout us faqs the claretians what’s new? privacy policy contact _internal_2col










 







 








st. jude, pray for us













celebrate the winter solemn novena to st. jude, february 15th - 23rd 







send a novena petition



























send a prayer




 


















request a mass




 


















light a vigil light




 


















arrange a memorial




 


















make a gift




 



















get devotional emails sent to your inbox!













sign-up





















learn & grow













explore our educational resources to help you grow in your faith 





















saints


















catholic history


















liturgical seasons







































national shrine of st. jude
we invite you learn about the history of the shrine and join in our devotion to st. jude, a faithful friend in times of difficulty.
st. jude is the catholic patron saint of impossible causes. the national shrine of st. jude and the st. jude league bring together hundreds of thousands of devotees in a community of prayer and hope to our patron saint. we invite you to join us and send your prayers to st. jude, as he has proven to be a beacon of hope to those facing seemingly impossible trials and tribulations.









learn about st. jude




learn about the shrine


























what's new





































weekly devotions – february 17, 2025



					feb 17, 2025				


our reflection from the gospel this week is: “blessed are you who are poor, for the kingdom of god is yours.” jesus acknowledges three of the eight beatitudes in today’s…
read more
















bible diary february 16th – 22nd



					feb 16, 2025				


sundayfebruary 16th 6th sunday in ordinary time 1st reading: jer 17:5–8:this is what yahweh says, “cursed is the man who trusts in human beings and depends on a mortal for…
read more







st. jude journal – february 2025



					feb 12, 2025				


our solemn novena to st. jude is a meaningful way to respond to god’s invitation to continually deepen our relationship with him. we hold our simple prayer, “st. jude, pray…
read more
















weekly devotion – february 10, 2025



					feb 10, 2025				


dear friend of st. jude, our reflection from the gospel this week is: “‘master, we have worked hard all night and have caught nothing, but at your command i will…
read more
















bible diary for february 9th – 15th



					feb 9, 2025				


sundayfebruary 9th fifth sunday in ordinary time 1st reading: is 6:1-2a, 3-8:in the year that king uzziah died i saw the lord seated on a throne, high and exalted; the…
read more
















february 2025 day of prayer for the healing of cancer



					feb 5, 2025				


throughout today’s liturgies at the national shrine of st. jude, we will pray in a special way for all those who suffer from cancer. join us today, and on the first…
read more
















weekly devotion — february 3, 2025



					feb 3, 2025				


dear friend of st. jude, this sunday we celebrated the feast of the presentation of the lord. simeon waited patiently his whole life to meet christ.  he never lost hope…
read more
















bible diary for february 2nd – 8th



					feb 2, 2025				


sundayfebruary 2nd, 2025 feast of the presentation of the lord 1st reading: mal 3:1-4:now i am sending my messenger ahead of me, to clear the way; then, suddenly, the lord,…
read more
















in search of hope and community



					jan 29, 2025				


“one of the things the devotion to st. jude brings is the sense of being heard, of being helped,” explains fr. agustin carillo, cmf, co-director of the national shrine of…
read more
























 

















get in touch




st. jude league205 w. monroe st.chicago, il 60606phone: 312-544-8230email: stjudeleague@claretians.orgst. jude league is a 501(c)(3) ein: 45-3052833 











receive devotional emails










sign-up









connect with us












visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our instagram page





visit our pinterest page





visit our youtube page





 




























© 2025 the claretians








privacy policycontact










 
 


english				


 
español de méxico					          
english 


scroll to top


















