













american alarm and communications - trusted security company | home
















































































































 






























latest news
blog
locations
about us
my american alarm links

american alarm partner portal
access control
video surveillance
video alarm verification
security (alarm.com)
security (dmp) my virtual keypad


bill pay
 


(800) 792.5142contact uswe’re hiring

menuresidentialsecure your residence
let us protect what you value most.
residential productsburglar alarm systemshome fire alarm systemsenvironmental systemscarbon monoxide monitoringmedical alert systemsvideo surveillance systemsbackup communicationsprofessionals – for hardworking professionals interested in 24/hour protection.travelers – we’ll be there even when you’re away.seniors – solutions for independent living.pet owners – give your best friend some extra security.parents / families – security solutions for every family.existing systems – unhappy with your current security provider? try us! closecommercialsecure your business
we offer customized solutions for all types of businesses.
business productsfire alarm systemsburglar alarm systemsenvironmental systemsip video networksaccess control systemsbackup communicationsfinancial – working to protect your employees, customers and assets.education – every student deserves to feel safe in the classroom.healthcare – protecting you and your patients 24/7.real estate – helping to keep your tenants secure and happy.retail / restaurant – stop theft before it happens.government – providing cutting edge technology and service for your facility. closeservicesservices
our service in 24 hours guarantee promises that all priority service calls will have a technician on site within 24-hours, or we won't charge for the trip or the first 1/2 hour of labor. we also have our technical support staff on call 24-7 to respond to urgent customer questions. security command center – we’re here to help you 24/7.police/fire dispatchadvanced video monitoringalarm response contact list updatecertificationswatchwireour service team – we’re always on the road, ready to serve you.security system installationservice techniciansservice plans – we offer a variety of pro-active service plans to fit our customer’s needs.the gold standard for servicepro-active service and a lifetime warrantyservice inspections – learn more about our inspection services.fire alarm inspectionwellness inspectionremote services – learn about our selection of remote services.about american alarm partner portaladvanced video monitoringremote video monitoringaccess control administrationmobile application closecompanycompany
learn what makes us new england’s trusted security company.message from our presidentnewsblogcareersvideo libraryresources close
search


residential

[custom]
residential products

burglar alarm systems
home fire alarm systems
environmental systems
carbon monoxide monitoring
medical alert systems
video surveillance systems
backup communications


professionals
travelers
seniors
pet owners
parents / families
existing systems


commercial

[custom]
business products

fire alarm systems
burglar alarm systems
environmental systems
ip video networks
access control systems
backup communications


financial
education
healthcare
real estate
retail / restaurant
government


services

[custom]
security command center

police/fire dispatch
advanced video monitoring
alarm response contact list update
certifications
watchwire


our service team

security system installation
service technicians


service plans

the gold standard for service
pro-active service and a lifetime warranty


service inspections

fire alarm inspection
wellness inspection


remote services

about american alarm partner portal
advanced video monitoring
remote video monitoring
access control administration
mobile application




company

[custom]
message from our president
news
blog
careers
video library
resources



search





menu


menu

 







trusted security company

security must come first
it always has at american alarm, and it always will. 

for home
for businessadvanced video monitoring

learn more

name*

first name



last name


email*

phone*company please choose your security needplease choose your security needresidentialcommercialutm_source gad_source utm_medium utm_campaign utm_term utm_content gclid fbclid url parameters phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  













a security system for the modern lifestyle


remotely arm/disarm security system
arm and disarm your security system from your smart phone. receive notifications when your system has been armed/ disarmed, or reminders after you leave home.

integrated video
see who is coming and going with live stream and recorded video. receive video notification when your system has been disarmed or when motion detectors are triggered.

smart locks
door locks can now be integrated with your security system. remotely monitor and control locks from your smart phone, receive updates when family members arrive home, or set the system to automatically lock doors when you leave.




press releasesjanuary 17, 2023malfy alarm of cape cod joins american alarmjuly 21, 2022american alarm invests $3 million to transform weymouth branchjuly 12, 2022american alarm expands into connecticut with the acquisition of monitor controls inc.


new england’s trusted
security company
before you choose a security provider, you need
to ask some key questions.
at american alarm we believe in reliable, local protection. we’ve been protecting homes and businesses across new england since 1971. our company is staffed with dedicated professionals who live in the communities they serve- perhaps even in your neighborhood.

learn the questions

testimonials
what people are saying
our team works hard to provide exceptional service to our customers.
read some of what they have to say about us.


residential


i contacted american alarm to inquire into the possibility of adding a medical alert service to my dad’s (father lives alone and is turning 81 this week) home security system... while this is something you guys do every day, acknowledging that a parent needs an additional level of emergency communication in order to maintain their independence is a sensitive family discussion... based on my experience working with charlie, i will go out of my way to recommend him/your company to others.carl s.brian was extremely helpful and polite in the midst of what was a very stressful, ongoing ordeal for two seniors. tom was helpful as well.shiela g.(dan) displayed patience, politeness, and professionalism. in addition he explained in sequential steps how to work the new system, making certain that we understood clearly the instructions. we are, indeed, pleased to share with you our excellent impression of your technician, dan f.nicolau a.thank you for leading us through the maze of options available in our new alarm system. the scope of features goes way beyond our imagination. it is like comparing a bicycle to a jet plane.richard c.i had a “low battery” signal for the smoke detector on the third floor and dan came out to replace the battery.  once he was here, we decided to replace the batteries on all the smoke detectors on the second and third floors because they were all installed at the same time (can you believe, 2002!)… i appreciated that he thought to suggest that…sally s.steve provided excellent customer service this afternoon and was able to get the phone app to reconnect with the home alarm system for me.bryan g.just wanted to thank you (karen) for the excellent customer service! i really appreciate it! you were very helpful in explaining american alarm's products and services! thanks for your great suggestions and security plan! i can now be more relaxed since our home is protected!karen h.(mike’s) expertise and friendliness was a wonderful combination during the alarm installation. he gave 10+ service during the entire installation.  we are looking forward to working with your company again.richard p.i wanted to express my appreciation for the alarm service we received last night from one of your alarm technicians. frank arrived to our home in a timely manner and immediately addressed the issue causing our alarm failure. additionally, after inquiring as to our last wellness check and, realizing we had not received one in 4 years of service, he ran a comprehensive check of our system.  at my request, he ensured my personal panic device was working properly and tested it for response. frank’s professionalism and courtesy was very much appreciated.jo anne f.thank you very much for sending lucas yesterday to install the booster. lucas was professional and kind during his calls to our home. he provided excellent customer service. everything seems to be working great.melyssa j.i just wanted to send you a huge thank you (heather) for your help and getting rick to the house so quickly. for the first night since we were robbed last week we are finally going to bed feeling safer. thank you so much for the help and rick was amazing! hope you have a great weekend!alexis a.we wanted to bring to your attention and your firm how pleased we are with the quality of work by luke g… he was very considerate, polite and professional. he took the time to install our system properly and was conscious of our concerns and inquiries.  in this day and age of automatic customer service, we are so impressed with the quality of service from american alarm and the people who work hard to protect our family and home.liz and john g.the shining star of this whole experience was the technician sent to my home to do the installation, james.  he was courteous prompt and professional. as a disabled gentleman i was feeling a little overwhelmed with my new purchase and he went above and beyond to make sure i received the best customer service and make sure i was completely comfortable with the installation of my system. even completing the installation ahead of schedule…this is a huge reflection on your company and how you handle yourselves.ataan k.my wife and i recently purchased our first home and after a lot of research settled on american alarm as our preferred vendor. (greg) provided me with a thorough in person demonstration of your security products and also did a complete analysis of my home. he was professional, responsive and available to me throughout the entire process.  (heather) was wonderful with responding to my requests and being able to work with my crazy schedule… please pass on a well deserved "good job" to your whole team.ataan k.i just wanted to let you know how pleased i was with the recent upgrade installation to my alarm system.  kenny & john were here on tuesday and they were wonderful.  very polite and extremely patient in showing me how to use the new key pad.deborah l.we have been customers of american alarm since 1987… to anybody who will listen, we have always promoted the exceptional support and stellar service that your company has given to us…the installation and follow-up service has, as always, been exceptional and we are proud to continue to be a customer of american alarm.goldie and nate a.we are very pleased with the new alarm system. as a business owner, i understand how difficult it is to hire good, quality employees. sal was someone that impressed me immediately with his personable attitude, promptness and strong work ethic. i also noticed he had a high level of patience when dealing with me and my wife who are not 'technical' people. he would answer all of our questions with a smile… i will highly recommend american alarm to my neighbors and friends!fred and mary b.i would like to complement an employee working in your central station. her name is “rosa.”
i had a couple of interactions with her over the past couple of weeks testing my signal, and she provided me both times with excellent care and service.  she was kind enough to take the time to run through my signals and guide me through the process to put me at ease.michael d.i felt it very important to thank you and for you to know how diligent both greg and sal were when they were here. while greg was only here for a short time, he made sure everything that he installed was perfect. sal as well …his total command of the system and programming was a pleasure to observe. truth be told, i’m pretty impressed with american alarm, and hope we have a long future together.steven k.dan f. was at our home last week... what an outstanding job! i have the peace of mind knowing the alarm is fully functional. i would also like to recognize the service dept. (judy) was prompt and efficient and so nice. a happy customer – thank you!paulette y.i just wanted to tell you that it was a pleasure working with your company... i will be sure to let my friends and neighbors know what a good job you do. sincerely,grace g.i wanted to take a moment to express how grateful i am that american alarm was able to get me out of a difficult situation related to our construction project here at home. i wanted to make sure to communicate what a great job your team did. their flexibility, experience and knowledge and were greatly appreciated especially in this difficult situation. it is this type of service that differentiates a company like american alarm and why we remain loyal customers. — sincerely,john m.thank you for your phone call last week. i was in new york visiting my sister. i appreciate all you have done for my fire alarm system in dedham... new panel and annunciator. — best wishes,julie h.dan worked hard and fast, knew his work and cleaned up well. didn't even know he was there! he was wonderful!mr. p., bedford, magood afternoon. doug, your tech., was here today and did a great job. it was a pleasure working with him.paul t.thank you and your technicians for promptly and so courteously ironing out the last details on our alarm installation. looking forward to smooth sailing from here on in. the new alarm system is even a bit easier to arm and disarm than the old one, so that's a plus.maryrosa was phenomenal. she makes her customers feel at ease. she asked all the right questions and she stayed on the phone until we felt there wasn’t a robber in the house. i’m very, very happy. she was very, very good. this is what i love about you guys. i was with another company for 4- 5 years and i will never ever go back. you could raise your rates, anything and i still wouldn’t go back.matt h.please be advised that i am very satisfied with american alarm’s customer service as a new customer. john h., your technician who installed the system was professional, focused and neat!lucile f. 12345678910



commercial


the recreational cannabis industry is emerging here in massachusetts, and it’s so important to use a security company that can provide comprehensive and compliant security systems, and services. i would strongly recommend that anyone opening a cannabis business work with american alarm & communications, inc., for any and all security needs.

caroline frankel-ceo,
caroline’s cannabis, llc,
licensed marijuana retail establishmentcaroline f.i wanted to send a compliment about the service tech that helped us through this process. he (dan) is so knowledgeable and helpful and greatly appreciate his hard work on this for us.lisa m.just wanted to take a minute to comment on our access control installation. steve and matt did a great job working around the challenges of this old house. both were friendly, informative, responsive to my requests, and unobtrusive when they needed to be. i'm very happy with how the whole process worked.david d.i want to express our appreciation and gratitude for your scrambling the schedule yesterday to get your personnel to the hotel. it was a long day and your tech (mike) stayed the course and buttoned up all the details before leaving around 9 pm. please... let him know how much we appreciate his patience and expertise.jim c.brian has done an amazing job for us, and i wanted you to know what a great combination of technical knowledge and customer facing ability you have with brian. we’re a jewelry factory that’s been around since 1897. security is a big deal here. he’s the best we’ve seen.roger f.just a quick note to say what a pleasure it was working with you today at so many of our schools. your patience, when all else failed, is admirable... thanks!dick z.you are most fortunate to have (ron) as an employee. he is courteous; helpful… he was most respectful of the limitations that we were forced to place upon him…when we informed him of times that he could not drill or make noise, he complied… after our system was installed, he worked with each of our employees to demonstrate and explain the new system, tirelessly answering all of our questions and concerns.julie p.please allow me to express my gratitude to you [for] sending denis to our facility. he observed a lot of professionalism during the installation, not only was very helpful but also explain to us the way to manage the system and help us trouble shoot some other issues. he also went out his way to check the video system and gave us all the information needed about the way it was set up… we are very happy with this visit and what was accomplished with it.jorge g.your engineer paul who was at our office today is also a credit to your company.  his customer service skills are excellent and not only did he complete the works at hand, he assist us with the installation of the app on my phone… and he ensured that everything was in great working order before he left, as there were some slight delays in getting the app to work.  many engineers would have, just jumped into their van and left, but not paul.  he went above and beyond.richard k.i am glad that you (erin) are still working with aa. there are only a few names i remember of people i worked with over the years. your name will always be one of them. you have always been so helpful.schwann m.(brian) has the right combination of superior technical skills, passion for what he does, and the ability to interface at the customer level. he has gone above and beyond to help us with our security system on numerous occasions and i wanted to make sure that this effort got recognized by the management at the company.roger f.just wanted to pass along how nice and professional and kind jim & shawn were today doing our new panel install. please pass that along. jim went way beyond what he needed to do, to help me and make the transition smooth. appreciate that jim!sheryl b.i feel i’d be remiss if i didn’t say thank you and well done… it’s a pleasure to work with a professional like yourself (steven) and someone that is committed to doing an excellent job. it is very obvious you take it all serious, but with the right style and leadership. thanks again – much appreciated.ed s.we are done with all of the installation and training of our new system.  i am happy with the new system as it is much more user friendly than the last one.  mike and greg were a pleasure to work with. thanks so much for your help through our purchase and installation.paula p.(tim) was very professional, knowledgeable, patient, and thorough. he worked quickly and efficiently but also took his time to troubleshoot and find the root of the problem. he got the camera working again, cleaned up after himself, and tested everything before leaving to make sure we were all set. he went above and beyond helping me better understand the system and sharing some very helpful tips. we would love to work with tim again in the future.betina o.as mentioned in my conversation to you, james and lucas were wonderful to work with throughout the upgrade and expansion of our camera project. they were unobtrusive to the point we hardly knew they were here! we are really pleased to have the camera monitoring in place. thank you to richard also who worked on the it side.margaret m.we as managers always hear the not so good stories but i wanted to simply send a quick message to say the service tech that was dispatched to remedy our problem did so in a quick, efficient manner and was very pleasant to work with…..in fact we have experienced that with all the techs that have serviced our locations. a well-deserved thank you!!!vin p.i know you get tired of me saying this but brian is the man…the new panel came in yesterday and he was here this morning to do the install he just wrapped up the job and of course everything is working again 100%.mike g.i want to take a moment and commend brian’s work ethics as being above normal, he is a true asset to anyone’s company. thank you very much for your services.bill f.we just wanted to drop you a note of thanks for coming out to do our test.  the technician you sent was a consummate professional and great to work with.  we would love to have him as our tech in the future. thanks for all the great work you all do.joe p.bill, american alarm's first-class installation expert, provided outstanding service, from start to finish at our condominium building in cambridge, ma. bill's outstanding work ethic coupled with his determination to complete each phase of the project with impeccable standards speaks highly of your company. we are very satisfied with american alarm's service and thank bill for his superb efforts at a job well done. sincerely,david m.rarely do most of us toss the phrase "exceptional service" around in describing a service engagement – but, i would like you to know that an exception exists time after time when aa sends dominic to help at a longyear facility. his knowledge and abilities coupled with his unbridled courtesy and professionalism when working with us is exceptional!!! thought you might like to know.ali wanted to say how grateful i am that [we have] american alarm as our security specialist. after our recent robbery in the chestnut hill office, both central station and the service tech were outstanding in their response to all of my questions and need for additional help in obtaining the necessary video disk for the police and fbi.peggy d.thank you for your prompt service in resolving our camera issue. your service people went above and beyond. a special thanks to the two technicians and dale. sorry i don 't remember their names.p.c. labombardonce again american alarm was invaluable with their outstanding assistances involving a violent crime investigation. [your technician] is an incredible asset. the american alarm service department’s willingness to get him to us in short notice was greatly appreciated.b.p. donovani want to recognize the service technician named marty who completed a couple of repairs at the house recently. marty was courteous, proficient and informative. i greatly appreciate his hard work and sensitivity to our mission and the families we serve.michelle l. 123456789





want to know how secure your home or business really is?
free security evaluation

latest news from american alarm
there is nothing better than hearing about how we helped protect a customer. read about how we’re helping to keep our customers safe.
blog postsfebruary 13, 2025having a baby? here’s how your home security system can helpfebruary 06, 2025loss prevention statistics and how to prevent theft in your retail spacejanuary 30, 2025protecting privacy and security when sharing your home onlinesavesdecember 26, 2024medical alarm in wincehster, ma on 12/26/2024december 26, 2024water alarm in kingston, ma on 12/26/2024december 24, 2024fire alarm in pembroke, ma on 12/24/2024
coverage areas
american alarm currently provides coverage throughout most of new england. call us to learn if we’re available in your neighborhood! 

learn more



our services






security command center






our service team 






service plans






service inspections






remote services




  









quick links

home
residential
commercial
services
company
sitemap








certifications

massachusetts itc-71 preferred provider
underwriters laboratories (ul) certified
the monitoring association: five-diamond certified








latest posts
having a baby? here’s how your home security system can help

read morefeb 13
loss prevention statistics and how to prevent theft in your retail space

read morefeb 06
protecting privacy and security when sharing your home online

read morejan 30
how to secure your home’s perimeter

read morejan 23
 






find us



twitterfacebookyoutubearlington headquarters (ma)auburn office (ma)cape cod office (malfy alarm) (ma)manchester office (nh)weymouth office (atlas alarm) (ma)wallingford office (monitor controls) (ct)advanced signal corporation (ma)electronic alarms (ri) (800) 792.5142
contact us













 trustpilot

 ask an expert
free evaluation

videos 
saves more saveswater alarm in kingston, ma on 12/26/2024burst piperead morejanuary 7






© 2025 american alarm and communications inc., license number 1212c ma, all rights reserved.
privacy policy
 


























































scroll to top







