








data storage, recovery and recycling. weee approved. home - ultratec






























































skip to content



ultratec home
shop
contact
news
 

 








+44 (0)1438 211200
info@ultratec.co.uk








home
hardware
maxxeguard
data recovery
itad services
ultratest website

aboutcorporate






providing world class data centric services and solutions















hardware







data recovery







data destruction







data erasure







recycling







test & repair







we are ultratec
supporting you & your most valuable asset.
at ultratec, we understand how crucial data is and the necessity of protecting it. for over two decades, we have offered our clients services to manage, recover, and safeguard their data. we are the leading supplier of second-hand data storage devices in europe, including hard drives and ssds. besides, we provide a range of additional services, such as testing, repairing, and data recovery, to complement our offerings.
we are dedicated to delivering our clients the best possible customer experience and advanced solutions. this commitment motivates us to invest in new technologies and services and continually innovate to enhance our offerings.
contact our team today and discover how ultratec can assist you with your business and supply requirements.




 news 

the benefits of hard drive refurbishment:


uk itad firm restore technology ltd. has acquired data storage company ultratec ltd.


 

twittertweets by ultratecdirect 










					ultratec house, stevenage business park, stevenage, sg1 4sz				












				copyright ultratec ltd 2019 ©
			

contact
privacy policy
terms and conditions
sitemap
 



this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept




























