






esoteric philosopher:  study of  the endless path of wisdom















esoteric philosopher:  study of  the endless path of wisdom





















home


the alice leighton cleather basil crump 1929 attack on theosophy


teaching planned by hierarchy


no further messenger until 1975


mother of the world


dear friends of humanity and of the ageless wisdom


the original sanskrit  root of the satanic races


pre adamic satanic races


the golden wheel head centre


shigatse and tda-shi-hlumpo monastery


the forbidden city


red caps and sect worship


five india's


the lotus sleep


entrenched with debt


cosmic etheric vision and septenary clairvoyance


hpb: the hierarchial link


the ocean of reasoning: tsong khapa


the essence of true eloquence: tsong khapa


a golden lotus sutra


three buddhic vestures, three human vehicles.


the source measure 43


third sub plane of the fifth manasic plane


initiations and atomic matter


telepathic/etheric transmission


divine light of the cosmic atom


book of imperfections


magnetic power of master


formula of  creative combinations


golden rays of the sun


radiation of the master


etheric plane vibrational frequencies


cosmic physical plane vibrational frequencies


formula of karmic mass:  km = mdlc²


differentiated molecules


light and matter united


the 49/i/6 violet/white/red


hiawatha: line of the red ray


zionist movement: the seperating door


a stand against soviet communism


"the central triangle at the heart"


the race for the atom bomb


the zionist question today


age of aquarius @ 1945


failure to register adequate dynamic incentives


first ray magnetic corruption


sevenfold intent to destroy


higher and lower ray expressions as used by the white and black lodges


the black master


the horoscope, invalid upon liberation


fenian dynamiters the clan na gael


the fourth fundamental of the ageless wisdom


the dark star, carbonic gas and the global atmosphere


the jurassic period and the lords of the flame


manifestation, withdrawal and externalization of hierarchy


significance of the year 1945


the divine avatars maitreya christ, maitreya buddha.


a "culture of respect."


age of aquarius & the years 1900, 1945, and 2035.


ida, pingala, and the central sushumna.


fervid gold and gold fever


colonel h. s. olcott and abraham lincoln


colonel h. s. olcott


the red rajputs and the moryan dynasty


ozone and climatic conditions on earth


clouds the atmosphere and meteoric dust


chronic fatigue syndrome


"four requirements" refinement of the physical body is an essential


the freedom of the seven solar systems


shining face and alkaid: a minor constellation. one of the seven.


the leading great rishi and pleiad, alkaid and alcylone


the law of solar union and the cycle of sunship


seven rishis, seven timekeepers


the 'sacred triangle of all-inclusive force'


mars: karttikeya. agnibhu "fire born."


august neptune: arisen over the horizon


earth base, reproduction of third un-named scheme.


thomas alva edison


j.w. keely, un-conscious occultist. a "natural-born magician."


keely, edison and tesla.


j.w. keely and the vril


sedna and xena


the christ in the kh letters


earth kundilini base scheme, eventual heart triangle


eire : ireland


tara and the druids


sisera and the battle of megiddo


root - sub races


rays and jewels


the dark ones


cycles of pralaya and the rise to sunship in future kalpas


the divine circulatory flow of the cosmic mother/love


obsession and behavioural problems


vaisyas and sudras shall tread the highest path


the school for warriors


the school of beneficent magicians


the schools of aspiration and painful endeavor


earth mercury anguish aspiration


"mass intellectual wrong emphasis"


magnetism, radiation, attraction and repulsion


austerity and sternness


the way of resistance to evil


light or darkness?


the five kumaras of manasic energy


four kumaras: the holy four


the ancient of days and william blake


plato: the great thinker


the blood


criminality: a psychic disease


plague


chaos


labor: a battle with chaos


h.p.b. and the battle of mentana


fohat, para-fohat, pan-fohat!


treason and the traitor


jesus/joshua, appollonius, origen.


bruce lee: the worrier within. the art of the soul.


opinion, from latin opnr, to think.


mars: her descher. the red one.


mt. everest


the year 1952


the year 1936


poles of light and darkness


zero ray


diamonds are forever


respiration, prana, breath, ozone:


"racial purity"


intoxicants and  narcotics


the chohan hilarion: the annunciator!


infection


influenza


sandalwood


henry lewis stimson


cosmic dust


egypt, chemi, kham.


the united states:  banner of light against totalitarianism


john law: corrupt scottish financier


new orleans: seven brothers of the blood


black holes@zero points, laya centers and gravitation


the vitrified forts of scotland


7x7=49 degrees of the negative pole and of the positive pole.


teachings on the third reich


tamas and teros


arhat, adept, chohan.


hatha yoga


port said (bûr sacîd)


sir edward bulwer lytton. lord lytton.


a christian reflection on the new age


t. subba rao


hitlers indian army


winston churchill


otto von bismarck and the realm of the holy roman empire


william q. judge


lord ripon governor-general viceroy of india and grand master mason


venus, light bearer to earth:


great britain/prydian and llyn-llion/lyonness


gaza mustafa kemal atatürk


benjamin disraeli 'beaconsfield' 1st earl of


telepathic discourse and the amanuensis


napolean the great


the pancreas


the spleen, organ of solar prana


kashmere: brahman mahatma of the lunar race.


the roman empire



































"the true philosopher, the student of
                                             the esoteric wisdom, entirely loses sight of personalities, dogmatic beliefs and special religions. -- sd 1:xx hpb. 
 
a large quantity of material has already been
                                             prepared, dealing with the history of occultism as contained in the lives of the great adepts of the aryan race, and showing
                                             the bearing of occult philosophy upon the conduct of life, as it is and as it ought to be." sd1 preface. hpb.
 
spiritweb heartstudy:                              
@logosendlesssummer                               
ponder these words:  updated 8 march 2012.
 
new: 'teaching planned by hierarchy' '1975 torch bearer'

 

some links of interest: @logosendlesssummer
http://esotericphilosopher.tripod.com/ 
also 'reich school for ss leaders' and 'atheism and positive philosophy'. 
 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/lucis/ live group
 
http://www.moryafederation.net/ live school, please enrol nowstudy of ageless wisdom, focus on meditation, study, and service
                                             in online interactive 
campus. applications accepted anytime.
 
http://www.lucistrust.org/en/publications_store
comments to:  jpcondick2011@live.co.uk  
 
workers in the religious field
                                             are even today providing a highly useful and important aspect towards the coming new world religion. as noted, the origins
                                             of all major religions is that of love. they are a materialisation of an inner call, of spiritual unity and the journey of
                                             the pilgrim to the father. this seed group is a 2nd ray group and therefore closely allied to the law of attraction and repulsion
                                             and also the outgoing and returning pilgrim.

interestingly christianity, although condemned
                                             today by the atheist as a religion of past conflict and war, demonstrates occultly as one of conflict and cleavage produced
                                             by the use and misuse of attraction and repulsion. of these the atheist stands apart [temporarily] and wholly on the side
                                             of materiality [with its inevitable decent into eternal darkness when left to itself] and with a refusal to accept the responsibility
                                             of accounting for his immortal spirit. it is though, a bridging and transitional religion between individualism and group
                                             consciousness, between duality and union, between the lower and higher self of which conflict and internal war demonstrates
                                             the path of greater resistance, which is the correct path. 
the most materialised aspect to this is
                                             the external warfare often enacted between the christian and the non christian, between the east which greatly determined
                                             its influence and direction, and the west. between christianity and its offshoot branch the islamic faith which is connected
                                             to it. we must remember that the original message of these were of love even if in some cases grossly materialised. the future
                                             "light in the east" will be over europe and america and any intermediary dense materialisation of that light is simply the
                                             occult process of decent from the astral plane to the physical plane under the law of attraction and repulsion with its future
                                             ascent to the astral plane of love once again. 
we have therefore, enacted today, the
                                             involution and evolution of this aspect of the second ray religious work of the 6/2 and the influence of the seventh ray,
                                             east/west bridge. it is the ongoing process of the synthesis of the mystic and occult paths. 
included within the new world religion
                                             are three main points out of the six which are as follows. these would make useful seed thoughts for meditation concerning
                                             the sixth seed group.
1. "the fact of the spirit of god... transcendental
                                             mysticism.
2. the fact of the divine quality of the
                                             forces in nature and in man ... transcendental occultism.
3. the fact, implied in the first, that
                                             humanity, as a whole, is an expression of divinity... transcendental religion." ext 56. 
we should note that none of the foundational
                                             "rules of the road" will ever change, apart from minor modifications of detail, as they represent the higher way as a synthesis
                                             of the mystical and occult paths. the rules of the road are implicit and intricately part of the sixth seed group and yet
                                             apply to all disciples and all groups. jpc. 
"the seventh ray influence is that which
                                             will produce in a peculiar and unexpected sense the western school of occultism just as the sixth ray impulse has produced
                                             the eastern school of occultism - the latter bringing the light down on to the astral plane and the new incoming influence
                                             carrying it down on to the physical. the eastern teaching affected christianity and indicated and determined the lines of
                                             its development and christianity is definitely a bridging religion. 
the roles will eventually be reversed
                                             and the shift of the "light in the east" will be over europe and america. this will inevitably bring about the needed and
                                             desired synthesis of the mystical way and the occult path. it will lead later to the formulation of the higher way; of this
                                             it is useless to speak at this time for you would not comprehend. 
none of the foundational and ancient rules
                                             of the road will ever be abrogated or discarded: just as men used to travel on the ancient highways on foot, conforming to
                                             the requirement of their time and age, and today travel by rail or automobile (arriving at the same destination) so the same
                                             road will be followed, the same goal achieved but there may be different procedures, varying safeguards and changed protective
                                             measures. the rules may vary from time to time in order to provide easier indication and adequate protection. the training
                                             of the disciple in the future will differ in detail from that of the past but the basic rules remain authoritative." dn 133.
omomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomom


scattered
                                             through all my writings over the years is a mass of information which needs collating and bringing together as a basis for
                                             the instruction of disciples in training for an initiation.  ri.  dk.

..the teaching is protected and cannot constitute
                                             a danger to the general public. students in the immediate future will have to search out the teaching in all the many volumes
                                             and hunt most carefully for the details..  ri.  dk.
.. there is, however, great need for you to
                                             collect and tabulate the scattered information so that you can register it as a whole..  ri.  dk.
pay attention to how widely the net of the teaching
                                             is spread. let people, according to their custom, hide the source; this is not important. it is useful that the teaching be
                                             spread by unexpected ways to various parts of earth. we can already point out such growth; and such affirmation becomes the
                                             best crown for the present day. let us not wonder that the roots are growing beyond visibility, this quality shall be the
                                             true pledge of vitality. can the paths of the teaching be traced? a magnet acts according to its own laws. but from the mountain
                                             i can see the filling of space, and thus i can greet you.   master morya.  heart. 
530. it is right to assign to co-workers the collecting
                                             of parts from the books of the teaching pertaining to separate subjects. thus two results will be achieved they will read
                                             the books more attentively and they will ponder as to what is pertinent to each different subject. in time one could collate
                                             these excerpts for inexpensive separate publications. the teaching of "living ethics" is needed in diverse strata of people. 
                                             fw iii. master morya. 
students would do well to remember that in the
                                             reading of any basic textbook (and this one is so regarded) a definite procedure should be adopted. the student should first
                                             of all read the textbook as a whole, in order to grasp its outstanding points, its main lines of teaching, and the three or
                                             four propositions upon which its entire structure is founded. having grasped these, he can then begin to deal with, and to
                                             isolate, those subsidiary points which serve to elucidate and clarify the main essentials. after that, he can successfully
                                             deal with the details. students therefore would find it of interest to review these instructions, and gather out of them the
                                             major points; then they can proceed to fill in the secondary teachings, and finally arrange the detailed data under the various
                                             heads which have emerged. this, when completed would constitute a synopsis of the book and would fix the knowledge it contains
                                             firmly in the student's memory. master dk. twm.
the great invocation:
from the point of light within the mind of godlet
                                             light stream forth into the minds of men.let light descend on earth.
from the point of love within the heart of god let
                                             love stream forth into the hearts of men.may christ return to earth.
from the centre where the will of god is known let
                                             purpose guide the little wills of men – the purpose which the masters know and serve. 
from the centre which we call the race of men let
                                             the plan of love and light work outand may it seal the door where evil dwells.
let
                                             light and love and power restore the plan on earth. 
many religions believe in a world teacher or saviour,
                                             knowing him under such names as the christ, the lord maitreya, the imam mahdi, the bodhisattva, and the messiah, and these
                                             terms are used in some of the christian, hindu, muslim, buddhist and jewish versions of the great invocation. men
                                             and women of goodwill throughout the world are using this invocation in their own language.
will you join them in using the invocation
                                             every day - with thought and dedication?by using the invocation and encouraging others to use it, no particular group
                                             or organisation is sponsored. it belongs to all humanity. 


 


   
 
































































