



	business strategy tools and education































                        strategy tools, courses & learning materials for individuals, universities and business
                    



login
register
basket


                                you are not logged in
                            










home
                            


the approach
			


what is strategy dynamics?
who should use it?

key teaching resources
teachers webinars

faqs for strategy professionals
faqs for teachers



products   
			



business simulations
                                    

online simulations are
                                            now on sdgamesonline.com

football league challenge



books
                                    

strategic management dynamics
strategy dynamics essentials
competitive strategy dynamics



services
                                    

in-house custom training
strategy health check
help with strategy challenges
bespoke simulations


student software packs



resources
			


all
agile sd mini-course
email briefings
videos
articles and papers



courses
			


course site home page
catalogue



support
			


site and shop
microworlds

contact us



about
			


about strategy dynamics ltd
about kim warren
collaborations
testimonials
contact us
privacy policy
gdpr: your data
links: collaborations, books etc.



contact
                            







how a digital twin of your business can drive great performance

    just like engineers can watch on-screen how their factory is working,  you can see a working model of your business system, and how it evolves and delivers sales and profits.




see how the key factors in the business are building – customer growth and retention; staff hiring, promotion, turnover; product development and support … 
then see how those pieces depend on each other to grow and drive results. why are customers being lost? will better channel partners bring in customers faster? will we have the staff we need for great customer support in coming months?

            
watch how that system has played out to get you where you are today, and project likely results out into the future. intuitive visuals give your teams a helicopter view of how the whole business, or any function, is doing.
            
check that your strategy will keep the system healthy, so it can continue delivering strong sales and profits.
foresee problems and take corrective actions before they hit you

this is not technically complicated - intuitive software captures and quantifies all the key elements of the system, and plays out the relationships between them, showing how all the numbers are changing.

model just as much as you need – just an isolated issue, a key initiative, or the whole business …
simple software captures and quantifies all the elements in the system, and plays out the relationships between them, showing how all the numbers are changing.
            
… you get a digital twin of the business system that explains how you got to today, where things will likely go in future, and plays out strategies and scenarios to deliver better results.


(ps: you can’t do this by woking with columns of numbers in a spreadsheet!)







take our free class



                    in every field of life - social, environment, public services, business - apparently simple challenges seem tough to crack. our efforts either do not to work, or they lead to further unforeseen problems. one way of exploring and proposing solutions for such problems is to use a dynamic model.


                    to experience building a model for yourself take our free course about reducing certain crimes on the public-transport system. see how you can work through a logical 'agile' process to get from the first chart of the outcome you want to see, back through the factors that drive that outcome and the interdependencies between those factors. 
                




register today










                        software 


                    at the heart of our our business modelling courses, silico is a powerful, user-friendly online tool for building working, 
                        quantified models of any business challenge or plan. silico also has the capability to handle large and complex models, and to integrate with corporate data-sources.
                    


                    sign up fo a free account today.

                



go to silico





online courses


                        comprehensive courses: learn to build and use "digital twin" dynamic business models.
                            

                        our self-guided, online modelling courses for analysts, consultants, accountants and executives wanting to build living business models.





go to sdcourses.com






registered teachers
benefits
free courses and other resources

                            stratey dynamics can be introduced into existing strategy courses without hurting your
                                budget. here are some recommended key teacher resources.

                            to help you learn more our online courses are available free to recognised academics. 
                        




more information




serious games
focus on strategy
for degree level and executive events

                        focusing on key issues in strategy implementation, our proven strategy 
                    games provide engaging events that can be run in a single session, 
                    but are rich enough to support longer classes. 
                            

                        games can be played in class or remotely by individuals or groups.
                    





view range



"essentials" textbook
buy pdf format on this site or print/kindle from amazon.






find out more








                        strategy dynamics has brought together a very impressive and clear process with great supporting materials.
                        

                        the software is really user friendly. as i am going through the business modeling course i’m building a model for synergia and as we have two business - one in australia and one in nz - the sub-models are great. the example in the instruction video of ‘region1' and 'region 2' fits perfectly.
                        

david rees - founding partner, synergia  - https://synergia.consulting/


                        i had the opportunity to take the strategy dynamics & business modeling combined course in spring 17 .. it was a great learning experience, the level of knowledge depth was rich and mind opening, it was also combined with heavy participates and exercises that brings the principle to live .. the icing on the cake to me was the weekly one hour discussion with professor kim and the group all around the world, that alone is a unique and enriching experience .. ​
                        ​ahmed waleed
                    

                        "i’ve completed the entire strategy dynamics course and started the business modeling course. these are fantastic - so great that we are looking to hire people with these skills. thanks!"
                        bob lamb: founder & ceo, foundation for inclusion


                        "i want to personally thank you for this great course. it has been the most exciting i have taken. i will definitely do this type of work for my clients at the agency."
                        esteban ribero: vp strategy - leo burnett/lapiz
                    

                        on our newly re-validated mba we have three strategic management modules. strategic management dynamics is  
                                                                recommended for two of the modules, strategic management and critical issues in corporate strategy.
                    
"strategic management dynamics offers a well structured and dynamic view on strategic management. overdue and highly recommended."

                        "the emphasis on performance over time is very worthwhile and often neglected in mainstream 
                                                                 strategy texts. hence, i think strategic management dynamics is a valuable and useful extension."
                    

                        "i have applied the principles and practices in several business units both at sun microsystems 
                                    and microsoft..the resulting performance speaks for itself - everywhere i've introduced this, it remains a key tool 
                                    in the senior managers' kit."

john kapson, managing consultant, sun microsystems


                        i'd just like to say how impressively professional the whole strategy dynamics enterprise is. 
                                            all the materials that accompany the course are first-rate and there's a huge amount of really useful 
                                            support material.
                    

                        kim, thank you for agreeing to keep on teaching this course in the future - strategy dynamics should clearly become a 
                                    cornerstone in every master´s program on strategy. and we will definitely proceed to work on getting practitioners 
                                    interested in this subject.

                        werner hoffmann, vienna university
                    

                        you have been a teacher and an inspiring mentor, your strategy dynamics approach 
                                has had a lasting impact on how i think of brand strategy. thank you kim.

vittorio raimondi – managing director, foresight strategy










                        find it on amazon: 
                                
   
   











×
why strategy dynamics? 



                from improving profits to managing staff flows, or balancing investment risk, most problems are just 
            plain complicated, many things depend on each other, there can be long delays between actions and 
            outcomes, and different parts of the situation may be managed by different people, and so on. so 
            it’s no surprise it can be hard to know what’s best to do – and spreadsheets, tables and charts are 
            little help because we can’t see what’s causing what.
            


                luckily, there’s a way to help. you’ve probably seen pictures of 
            control panels people use to manage rail or power networks, oil refineries and so on.
            these work because you can see how pieces are connected, what state key parts of the system are 
            in, and how the things you push and pull are linked into the system you control.
            


                that’s what our diagrams and models do for any type of organisation – whether for-profit, not-for-profit, 
            government and so on. how complicated the picture or model needs to be depends on the size and complexity 
            of the issues you need to tackle. you can often get great understanding from simple, small pictures – we have 
            cracked some pretty big issues on a table napkin! just an accurate diagram of what causes what, 
            with a few key numbers explaining how things are changing. 
            



                you can go much further if you need to – bigger diagrams with more numbers on a white-board for 
            bigger issues, working simulation models to test alternatives, living 'control panels' that give 
            you and your team way more mastery over performance than balanced scorecards ever can. and it 
            all works because the underlying principles capture rigorously key features of how the real 
            world works. 
    

                want to know more? take a look under the "approach" heading on the site menu. 
            


close





















© strategy dynamics ltd  2025 | privacy policy










            3716862 






accept
reject
learn more








close












