


acadia national park camping | mount desert campground






 







rates & policies
campground map
reservations
contact us


   
(207) 244-3710



 reservations for 3 nights or more are now open!  
            

 




 mount desert campground
a unique and scenic campground on mount desert island - waterfront & wooded sites
click here to make a reservation!




new! click here for campground merchandise!
 
winter office hours:
tuesday, 2/25  9 am to 12 pm
 
we have no septic dump station
no dogs during peak season june 21 - september 1
 



interactive campground map
 view full map
click here to take a peek around our campground


rates & policies
 view our rates
click here to view our campground rates and policies.


*new* online apparel
 view our apparel
items now available to order online!  get prepared for your upcoming stay.


acadia region camping
 view mount desert island's best
see where to find some great camping on mdi!





mount desert campground is located in the heart of mount desert island, just minutes from bar harbor and acadia national park.  spend your days hiking the mountain trails or biking on the 50+ miles of carriage roads.  plenty of sightseeing and shopping and dining experiences around the many local towns such as southwest harbor and northeast harbor await you!  sail on a schooner, go rock climbing in acadia, or spend your afternoon at sand beach.  you can even rent a kayak right here at the campground and explore beautiful somes sound.



about us
learn more about our campground and history.



gathering place
learn more about what our gathering place has to offer.



gallery
view images of our beautiful campground.



faq's
have questions? we've got answers to your most faq's.



reservations
don't miss out, reserve your campsite now!



contact us
for more information, contact us today.






campground features include:
 

 tenting sites
 trailers & rv's (20 ft maximum)
 facilities with metered hot showers
 salt water fishing
 salt water swimming
 kayak, canoe & sup rentals
 picnic tables & firepits at each site
 electric & water hookups
 ice cream, coffee & pastries
 launching ramp
 cellular service & wifi
 deepwater moorings available





see what our campers are saying
don't take our word for it, view all our testimonials on trip advisor



this campground is awesome. it's better than the national park sites. there are a lot of great sites on the water. there are a lot of great wooded sites. the bathrooms are modern. the water taps are plentiful. the views of the water sublime. it's one of the better… read more




 jason m.  boston, ma




this is one of our favorite campgrounds, ever! the waterfront campsites are breathtaking, the neighbors are respectful campers, and the grounds and facilities are meticulously maintained. most sites have platforms for the tents, so set-up is easy. the staff are… read more




 jc mueller exeter, nh




beautiful site (even though it was not waterfront - if you have that option, grab one!)! facilities were super clean. the gathering place (the camp store) was a great place to start the day for coffee, local bakery goodies and wi-fi. the floats provided wonderful… read more




 jeannie f.  maine









the most scenic campground on mount desert island - waterfront & wooded sites. book your vacation





mount desert campground 516 sound drive mount desert, maine 04660 (207) 244-3710

follow us socially














website hosting by aptuitiv |  © 2025: all rights reserved.   terms and conditions  |  site map

xabout usrates & policiescampground mapgathering placegalleryfaqsreservationscontact usdirectionsemploymentnext year’s reservationsreserve today - or call(207) 244-3710 



 
