














fine retablos, altar screens, santos and bultos, spanish colonial art      
my galleries always have a nice stock. please sit back and enjoy your journey into spanish colonial art.  we have 56 pages of information for your enjoyment.     small retablo gallery    enconchado retablo gallery   
   buy now online with free shipping priority mail with tracking.  




retablos are timeless gifts for the ones you love. 

large retablos and bultos gallery

the retablo  store
roxanne's retablo store
large altar screens
new works
rubel jararmillo his funeral

the next generation

small retablo gallery      <<< *new*
spanish colonial art

methodology

awards 

artist statement
artist statement in spanish

my family

contact/order


use the pay pal buttons or call me ....... i only take credit card orders over the phone for the safety of my buyers from my studio 
303-258-0544







award winning artist working in fine quality santos, retablos, bultos and altar screens in the spanish colonial art and catholic saints tradition.

patron saint index


a great series of articles by father thomas steele on this tradition:santero traditions

commissions always accepted.   


 

all images copyright of the artist.

**like my face book page**



welcome to our online gallery
retablo store      <<click to see gallery of retablos







large altar screens
click to see gallery of award winning  large pieces


									 
									sangrada corazon altar screen
best of show the fort 2016
amazing carved and detailed altar screen
29"  x 36" x 5"
$sold
including shipping
some of my award winners on pinterest
        


									 



watch catherine on tv making santos
please contact us regarding an online purchases of a piece you have seen or need
if you do not see one you want please contact us
we continually update our site 
last updated 01/23/2025
thanks so much for your recent purchases.. 
and special personalized commissions
it is difficult with photos due to our constantly changing weather in nederland. if you want a fresh photo please feel free to ask!
thank you for purchasing traditional art hand made in america
if a piece has been sold i will make you a piece in 2 approximately weeks
the altar screens and bultos take more time
satisfaction guaranteed



traditional winter market in santa fe, december 7 & 8 2024 at the convention center on marcy st. 9 to 5, booth 32

rendezvous at the fort restaurant  in morrison, co september 21 and 22nd 10am to 4pm

nepantla art exhibition  at the museum of art fort collins, co october 3 to january 5 2025
 traditional summer spanish market
on the plaza 
santa fe, nm
						july 27,  28, 2024

 priority mail fast service with tracking. 

free shipping!


hablamos espanol,
						we will ship worldwide.

please report broken links
want to get on the mailing list?  sign up today
my work is sold in the following galleries:
el portero in chimayo, nm. they have the best chile too!!! their face book page
millicent rodgers museum gift shop, taos, nm
the sangre de christo fine arts center 219 n. santa fe ave; pueblo, co
firedworks gallery alamosa colorado
art stop gallery 332 main st longmont, co
monastery de san juan diego 105 kit carson rd             taos, new mexico






copyright 2024 catherine robles shaw
			please do not duplicate any portion of this site without consent of the owner.

click here to purchase artwork

metepec@aol.com






