
























translation services | translation agency | the translation people






































  












e: info@thetranslationpeople.com
t: +44 (0) 161 850 0060
office locations



                                                                                    language
                                                                            

deutsch
français
 




















home
services
industries
technology
ai services
clients
case studies
company
request quote
 










translation services from a leading translation agency
access a world of new business…
with a trusted translation agency.
get in touch download our brochure










we provide high quality translation services to help you manage your multilingual requirements







document translation
with over 40 years’ experience working across different industries, we supply high quality, accurate translation services even on the most demanding projects.
 





website translation services
with experienced software engineers and specialist translators, our website translation services ensure quality, reliability, and compatibility.
 





transcreation services
our creative translation services combine our sector expertise and technological flexibility to produce translations with unrivalled quality.
 





voiceover & subtitling
for quality, trusted, professional voiceover and subtitling services which promise results, contact the translation people.
 







multilingual dtp






interpreting






software localisation






multilingual transcription






live captions for meetings and events






technical translation






remote interpreter






get in touch
 







our experience
we’re a trusted translation agency for many leading global brands as well as smaller businesses.






























“the translators are excellent at what they do and they really know our brand.”







“we are very happy with your services. fast, friendly and great quality.”







“their professional approach is precisely what we expect from a provider and they’ve never failed to deliver.”








translation – that’s what we do!
watch the video to find out more.







“i have been using the translation people for many years and am very happy with the service and turnaround times.”







“over the moon! very refreshing to find someone who could help at the last minute.”







“the translation people provide a fast and reliable service, whilst working to meet our deadlines.”















why use the translation people?






quality
thanks to our professionally qualified and specialist linguists, coupled with stringent internal quality control measures, you can be assured of high-quality translation services.






customer service
our experienced and responsive account management team will ensure your translation project is delivered on-time and on-budget, however tight your deadline!






technology
we use best-in-class translation technology to deliver better value and more efficient workflows, meaning easier, lower cost and faster translation services!













industries








chemical






retail






automotive






food & drink






healthcare & medical






engineering






energy






financial










creative & media






e-learning






aerospace






it & telecoms






transport & logistics






manufacturing






public sector






clinical trials










legal






medical device






pharmaceutical






software






biotech






insurance






travel and tourism






leisure & entertainment














latest news




the importance of translation in education and e-learning
read more





why you shouldn’t trust free translation services in business
read more





the role and importance of ai and machine learning in translation
read more





4 benefits of translations in the legal industry
read more












who we are



we have more than 40 years’ experience and our iso 9001:2015 certification reflects our commitment to high quality translation services.
for over 40 years, we have been delivering high quality translation services to clients around the world from our 8 offices in europe and the us. as an experienced and fast growing translation agency, we have a wealth of expertise to share with you to help you make the most of your translation budget.
whatever translation services you require, whether you need to translate technical information for a regulatory submission, you need to produce a technical manual into 25 languages or translate a website to start your export journey, we have over 4000 specialist translators on-hand to help.

with iso certification to boot, you can be assured of working with a high quality translation agency.
our interpreting, dtp and video translation services allow companies to produce and understand content in various different media, whilst our commitment to technology reduces the complexity and costs around multilingual content production. the expertise, flexibility and dedication of our specialist account managers will ensure excellent customer service throughout the translation process and on-schedule delivery, regardless of the size or complexity of the project or the number of languages involved.
the translation people is privately owned and is headquartered in manchester, united kingdom.











translation services

document translation
transcreation services
website translation services
multilingual dtp
interpreting
software localisation
multilingual transcription
voiceover & subtitling


company

blog
press releases
our commitment to esg
join our team
translator recruitment
our languages
privacy policy
sitemap


our other sites

deutsch
français
dialogue uk
sure languages


 

get in touch
t: +44 (0) 161 850 0060
e: info@thetranslationpeople.com











copyright © the translation people limited 2024. all rights reserved.
the translation people limited. registered in england and wales no: 06329037 registered address: america house, rumford court, rumford place, liverpool l3 9dd.
the translation people, love language and associated faces are a registered trademark of the translation people limited.



























