





water jet cutting sheet metal fabrication services for houston, tx at campo sheet metal works inc.






























































5301 polk street

building 15

houston, tx 77023

p-832-325-6300

sales@camposheetmetal.com 





home
history
capabilities

water jet cutting
metal fabrication
plasma & oxyfuel cutting
forming
shearing
structural rolling
plate rolling
metal punching & drilling
sawing
welding
catalytic convertor anti-theft guard


gallery
location and hours
used equipment for sale
contact us






 





					houston custom metal fabrication company				
 

in 1926 salvatore campo worked in his garage fabricating gutters and flashing. over the nearly 100 years, campo sheet metal works(csmw) has grown to be one of houston’s leading custom metal fabrication facilities. csmw specializes in custom metal fabrication, water jet cutting, press brake forming, and plate rolling.  offering these key services and many others has allowed csmw to serve various clients in industrial and manufacturing based markets such as oil and gas, aerospace, petrochemical, architectural, food and beverage plants, and material handling.
csmw is still a family owned and operated company with members of the fourth generation as part of the team. we strive to keep our family values of honesty, integrity and respect a vital part of the daily client interaction.  over nine decades of satisfied clients can attest to the successful track record of providing quality fabricated products in a timely fashion. 
for more information regarding our capabilities or to request a quote please contact us by phone at 832-325-6300 or via email at sales@camposheetmetal.com.
for our physical, remittance, and shipping address, please visit our location and hours page.
 
 
 

 
 


get in touch















name*

email*

messagewould you like to receive emails from us in the future?*


yes



no
file

drop files here or 
select files

max. file size: 32 mb. please attach any documents to assist us in providing the best service to you as possible. namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 












δ

follow us   
browse categoriesfabrication
plasma & oxyfuel cutting
water jet cutting
forming (press brake)
shearing
plate rolling
structural rolling
metal punching & drilling
sawing
welding
 




5301 polk street building 15 houston, tx 77023 | p-832-325-6300 | f-832-325-6347 
© 2025 campo sheet metal works inc. | custom industrial metal work since 1926 
sitemap












