









barbara baig - how to become a great writer










icon caret-left



icon caret-right



instagram



pinterest



linkedin



facebook



twitter



goodreads



question-circle



facebook circle



twitter circle



linkedin circle



instagram circle



goodreads circle



pinterest circle













barbara baig
creator of the mastery path: for writers who seek excellence 







home


works


biography


events


newsletter


media kit


contact





















available for pre-order at your favorite independent bookstore or online retailer










buy at indiebound








buy at amazon








buy at barnes & noble









agent: rita rosenkranz literary agency           telephone: 212-873-6333           email: rrosenkranz (at) mindspring.com





















how to become a great writer











these days, if you're an aspiring writer, most of the advice you'll hear concentrates on marketing: how to use social media, how to increase traffic to your website, how to self-publish, and so on.but agents and editors continue to yearn for the same thing they've always wanted: great writing.perhaps, like most people, you assume that the only people who can become great writers are the ones born with great talent. but scientific researchers in the field of expertise studies have shown that innate talent is a myth. they've shown that what makes certain people great at what they do, whether it be chess or sports or music or business, is not innate talent but dedication to deliberate practice. (the findings of the research scientists are discussed in bestsellers such as outliers and talent is overrated.) with thirty years of teaching writing behind me, i've developed an innovative approach to writing instruction that's grounded in the proven principles of expertise development. i call this approach the mastery path: for writers who seek excellence. it will show you how to develop your skills the same way athletes and musicians do—through deliberate practice and imitating models of excellence. this approach is not for the faint of heart, nor is it for those seeking quick tips and tricks. but if you really want the skills that will make you a great writer, you can acquire them--if you're willing to dedicate yourself to practice.to try out some free practices, visit wherewriterslearnor take a look at my widely-praised books.i'm always interested in hearing from writers curious about my approach, or those who've tried it. you can reach me via the contact form on this site.





























selected works




nonfiction




spellbinding sentences: a writer's guide to achieving excellence and captivating readers  (writer's digest books)

develop professional-level skills the same way athletes and musicians do: through deliberate practice and imitating the experts.




 how to be a writer: building your creative skills through practice and play  (writer's digest books)

train your creativity, imagination, observational skills, curiosity and other key writing skills through guided practice. learn how to develop your material and how to establish a natural relationship with readers.










quick links








where writers learn






authors guild
advocates for published authors since 1912






authors guild directory
a compendium of member websites





































loading…}





















