


  


home | equine health and nutrition congress
























































 

                    if you are not attending the current congress but want to access extracts from of buy proceedings of
                    the previous editions, register here.


                    registered congress attendants wil receive a login with their confirmation email.
                



skip to main content











menu







12th eehnc


organisation


partners


press & media


publication highlights


contact

log in












12th european equine  health & nutrition congress

13/03/2025 - 15/03/2025
utrecht, the netherlands

programme
register now









12th eehnc registration is now open!

click 'register now' at the top of the website or 'read more' here for more information about the 12th eehnc.
read more 




call for abstracts: the 12th eehnc is open until 01/12/2024


read more 






hotel & travel information 12th eehnc

registered for the 12th eehnc but don't know where you will be staying in utrecht yet or how to get there?
read more 




a successful 11th eehnc!

click here for more information about the 11th eehnc.
read more 




proceedings of the 11th eehnc are now available!

did you miss the 11th eehnc or do you want to relive the congress?
read more 




general considerations for forage & pasture management: what factors affect the nutrient content of pasture & forage?

q & a of the presentation by karst brolsma during the first day of the 10th eehnc.
read more 




the 10th eehnc in the press

check out the website's press & media section
read more 




accreditation points for continuing education- uk, nl, be, arpas

dutch, belgian, uk and arpas veterinarians can find out more information about accreditation here.
read more 




9th eehnc: small things

find more information about the previous congress theme, programme, press & media here
read more 




eehnc member of ehn

the eehnc is a proud member of the european horse network
read more 




sign up for our newsletter

sign up for the eehnc newsletter at the bottom of every page to stay up to date
read more 











our sponsors & partners























































































sign up for our newsletter



email









send





social media








privacy policy



site by esign












