







wax audio



















































        
          
            wax audio
          
        
      





































































































































                
                  
                    wax audio
                  
                
              
videos, mashups and audio projects 









 









 

“that’s exactly why i came into music in the first place:to be inspired by what i hear to make it something else,to make it my own. that’s how culture, creativity, moves, isn’t it?”- jimmy page on wax audio

 


    wax audio albums
  




    wax audio videos
  




      wax audio show  
  

 








thunder bustersthunder busters is back!this was the first video ever posted on wax audio’s youtube channel in 2010. shared on ac/dc’s facebook page, it garnered over 6 million views and became a global mashup hit before being blocked on youtube in 2018.now, you can enjoy it once again exclusively on waxaudio.net, featuring the original mashup with a lovingly remade video using the highest quality sources available.check out all of wax audio’s videos here.

  

this is what happens when i make mashupswith over 100 million views across all platforms, wax audio’s mashups have toured the world as black label’s society’s live intro tape, been shared on social media by ac/dc and herbie hancock, talked about by rob halford and jimmy page, covered by dave matthews band, inspired madonna to learn to play a zeppelin riff on guitar and used in all manner of ways by dozens of bands, artists, performers, podcasters, broadcasters and youtubers. this is what happens when i make mashups brings together 15 years of collected clips in a 40 minute montage showing just how far and wide wax audio’s mashups have traveled.check out all of wax audio’s videos here.



the wax audio anthologyanthology i - wax audio's 'greatest hits’.

wax audio · anthology i

anthology ii - a collection of 'deep cuts'.

wax audio · anthology ii


check out the wax audio albums page.













recorded by tom compagnoni on location in indonesia, thailand, burma, cambodia, laos, india, tibet, greece, and egypt, what you hear has been entirely assembled from these field recordings with no additional samples used.edited, mixed and masteredby tom compagnoni 2005-2009.for iona and xari.download/stream: youtube | bandcampmore info at the 9 countries page.



wax audio is the creation of australian video & audio producer tom compagnoni.buy wax audio a coffee!



disclaimerall of the mashups on the web site featuring samples of copyrighted material were created as non-substitutable, non-commercial derivatives of recognised recorded works.they do not compete in the market for the original material, nor do they undermine, defame or otherwise harm the original artists. contrarily they promote each artist’s commercial work and further validate their iconic status in popular culture.none of these mashups are for sale in any physical or digital format. they are made available on this site as demonstrations of wax audio’s audio production skillswax audio does not approve of or condone the sale of mashups of copyrighted works being sold by anybody other than the legal copyright owners.










wax audio       |       tom compagnoni  















