



	duravision™ convex mirrors and domes






























toggle navigation




duravision



home 
help me choose 
about us 
mirror range 
where to buy 

where to buy 
australia
new zealand retail stores
united states
united kingdom
netherlands
united arab emirates
vietnam
bangladesh
hong kong
south africa
germany
sweden


contact form 










duravision convex mirror systems
duravision allows you to view difficult to see areas through an extensive range of acrylic, polycarbonate and stainless steel mirrors. they are impact and uv resistant, and the advanced mirror and shaping techniques we use ensure a reflection that gives clear, undistorted images. duravision mirrors range from domes to convex wall or post-mounted styles and are ideal to monitor a difficult or hazardous area, allow safe movement of people or product around sites and provide extra visibility in difficult to see areas.
view mirror range...






 
duravision half dome mirror comparison



duravision’s half dome 180o mirrors have a specifically designed curvature.  this scientifically engineered curvature gives the “maximum usable reflective surface for a wide-angle view” and more importantly, a “larger image size”. the duravision photo on the left shows the image of the corridor fills almost the entire mirror face. the photo on the right reflects a small image of the room and a large part of the wall and ceiling.
view our half dome mirrors...
 







 
video: duravision unbreakable mirrors test






latest news



british army invites cobra simulation to warminster


news from alexander bradley - cobra simulation


duravision half dome comparison


secured by design police accreditation


cobra simulation open satellite office in new zealand


video - correctional mirrors test

more news






installation guides




click here to download installation guides on our full range of duravision convex mirrors.












help me choose

answer some simple questions here and we will recommend the ideal mirror for you...






choose by use:


indoor convex mirrors
outdoor convex mirrors
forklift truck rear vision mirrors
inspection convex mirrors
food and production line mirrors
corrections facility anti-ligature  mirrors
school science education mirrors
first surface mirrors
flat mirror sheets
learn to swim pool mirror
garage parking mirror
equine arena mirror






5 year warranty

see our terms and conditions and register you duravision product for our 5 year warranty.
5 year warranty







bookmark this
email a friend
find us on facebookyoutube channel




tweet






useful information

privacy policy
about us
contact us
bennett mirror technologies










duravision™ quality convex mirrors manufactured by bennett mirror technologies
web application development by goldfish interactive ltd






