



atlanta public schools directory - atlanta school reports, atlanta school rankings, atlanta public schools, atlanta private schools
































atlanta public schools directory
















home page   ::








 monday, february 17, 2025

























 atlanta public schools















share
»








 atlanta schools (city)
 bartow county schools
 cherokee county schools
 cobb county schools
 dawson county schools 
 dekalb county schools
 douglas county schools
 forsyth county schools 
 fulton county schools
 gwinnett county schools
 hall county schools
 lumpkin county schools
 paulding county schools
 pickens county schools 
 atlanta private schools












 atlanta resources















 atlanta real estate
 atlanta service providers














 website resources






















































 









  


















 




public schools in atlanta











welcome to the atlanta public schools directory, where you'll find the best information concerning top-ranked atlanta public schools on the web.
many of our visitors use this type of information to help them decide where to move because, like you, they realize the importance of living in an area where their children will receive a quality education.  they also know that living in a nice area with good schools can help increase the demand  for and value of real estate.  
because no matter how you look at it, a quality education is a smart investment!
use the menu on the left to see official public school report cards, public school rankings and other valuable school-related information and links.  currently, we have information posted for some of the best public schools in the atlanta area, including: atlanta city schools, bartow county schools, cherokee county schools, cobb county schools, dawson county schools, dekalb county schools, douglas county schools, forsyth county schools, fulton county schools, gwinnett county schools, hall county schools, lumpkin county schools, paulding county schools and pickens county schools.


















price: $675,000
beds/baths: 4/3.5 +.5





location: marietta / sandy springs / roswell


north atlanta (metro) / east cobb county





you absolutely must see this gorgeous "southern living at home" planned home for sale in marietta and the heart of east cobb! this well-maintained home is move-in ready,... click here for details


































 


 















                             








 
 





 
 
 




© 2002-2010 techweb solutions, inc. d/b/a getreal media.
                      all rights reserved.  terms of use. 













 


note: this site is best viewed using internet explorer 5+, firefox 1+ and opera 7+ web browsers at a screen resolution of 1024x768 and a 24 or 32 bit “true color” setting. this represents better than 96% of all internet browsers today. there is limited support for display using netscape 6+ or mozilla 1+.


 


last updated: october 8, 2013











