 








victor colorado




























 

 










homeabout victor victor history victor lowell thomas museumvictor’s gold camp ag & …trails of goldvictor heritage society



visitor information attractions gold panninghiking and biking trailshistoric sitesice skating and hockeyrita the rock planter trollscenic drives – gold belt scenic …skaguay reservoirsunnyside cemetery toursvictor’s ag & mining museumvictor lowell thomas museum

victor eventsdininglodgingshoppingshuttle servicevictor tourism board

guided tours sunnyside cemetery toursstranger side of victor walking tours

victor business directory victor business directoryvictor storage

contactcity government






homeabout victor victor history victor lowell thomas museumvictor’s gold camp ag & …trails of goldvictor heritage society



visitor information attractions gold panninghiking and biking trailshistoric sitesice skating and hockeyrita the rock planter trollscenic drives – gold belt scenic …skaguay reservoirsunnyside cemetery toursvictor’s ag & mining museumvictor lowell thomas museum

victor eventsdininglodgingshoppingshuttle servicevictor tourism board

guided tours sunnyside cemetery toursstranger side of victor walking tours

victor business directory victor business directoryvictor storage

contactcity government











city of gold min​es























































explore historic victor, colorado

victor, colorado - the city of gold mines - is located at  an elevation of nearly 10,000  feet on the southwest side of pikes peak, in the cripple creek victor mining district.
we are central to the gold belt national scenic byway and designated as a national historic district.  this well-preserved gold mining town is 5 miles from cripple creek and  45 minutes from colorado springs and  pikes peak.  
we are  a unique setting of 1890's mine structures and turn-of-the-century brick buildings, unique shops and restaurants, as well as hiking trails, museums, and gold mining experiences. we have clean, cool mountain air and plenty of year-round sunshine. what we do not have - stoplights, chain stores, traffic, or anything resembling the rat race!
 victor is a treasure of historic sites, drives and activities for all ages. year-round you can explore the 1890's gold rush legacy from railroads to mining to milling and ranching.  
some venues are seasonal but there are plenty of scenery and historic treasures to enjoy winter, spring, summer and fall. gold panning and special guided tours  are some of the summer-time family activities. 

visit the trails of gold hiking and biking trails, find rita the rock planter troll,  check out the local  history museums,  and drive the gold belt byway.


 rita the rock planter, thomas dambo's troll sculpture, is located on the 
little grouse mountain trail. funded by gcdig, the troll is open to visits dawn to dusk. please be sure to respect the fragile meadow land, stay on the designated trail, do not pick wildflowers, stay off of historic structures, and pack out all trash and dog waste.  there is no winter maintenance on the access road or the trails.
map showing hiking trails to  the troll
please note that the colorful bird houses mark the hiking trails that lead to the troll - the access by road  is a different route and requires hiking on a .25 mile back country trail. see gcdig or stcfg.com for more info.
            
for more victor infovisit victor main street
            














stay and explore more
victor's historic hotels offer rest and relaxation - real respites from the hectic world. from themed rooms at the black monarch hotel to historic relaxation at the victor hotel, find an excuse to stay and explore victor! 
              
find a hotel












victor's eateries
from burgers and fries to green chili, espresso,  and german bakery items, victor's restaurants and bars serve up a variety of treats.

find a restaurant
















if you want to stay in victor and play in cripple creek, use the gold camp connector shuttle service to and from cripple creek.  




read more






































victor, colorado weather

weather

































zstudios website. copyright 2022. this is a privately owned website not affialited with the city of victor.for information email info@victorcolorado.com. 
      

 victor colorado - colorado mountain vacation spot - hotels, antique stores, hiking trails, fishing, gold panning, history  tours, bakery, museums and more!




 

