






sailtrain: training for rya competent crew, day skipper, coastal skipper and yachtmaster sailing courses.













 

home  anchoring  buoyage  cevni  irpcs  pilotage  navigation   gps  safety  stability  tips  teaching  weather   environment  correspondence courses  blog


 




 



  

 sailtrain.co.uk 

sailtrain.co.uk is designed to assist any candidates for the rya day skipper or yachtmaster coastal and offshore practical and theory courses and exams. the content covers various parts of the syllabus for the different courses. 
the rya training syllabus from competent crew to yachtmaster, is probably the best regarded training for yachtsmen in the world. i regularly teach students who travel to britain to take the rya theory or practical courses because the qualifications are so highly respected in the international yachting community. 
many of my students have found that our book shops have the publications they are interested in, at considerably reduced prices compared to other sources and all ordered through amazon websites. 

anchoring and anchors
iala buoyage
cevni self test
international regulations for preventing collisions at sea
pilotage
navigation
gps
safety
yacht stability
skippers tips
some thoughts on teaching sailing
weather links
environment
correspondence courses
blog
site map 

essential books for students on rya courses


 
 
 
 


all of the above are perfect as notes for any rya theory course, they will enable you to catch up on any lessons you may have missed or not understood fully. in addition, those who do not have the time to attend a theory course prior to taking a practical one, will find that time spent thoroughly studying the contents of all the above publications will be a good grounding in what is required.
return regularly and see what we have added to the site! 
about me.

sailtrain.co.uk is free to use, but if you feel you would like to contribute to the running and development costs you can donate via paypal:












 




 sailtrain home | contact us | site map | ©2004
  sailtrain.co.uk  |  










