


                                  


portland seminary at george fox university in oregon






























skip to main content
skip to footer




home
academics
admissions
about
athletics
giving


request info

apply
  

university navigation  

   search george fox       




portland seminary



admissions
about
programs
tuition & finances
faculty & staff
contact
give













portland seminary
                

            george fox university
        



light the way
centered on jesus as the way and guided by the holy spirit, we’ll take you on a journey that strengthens your identity as a christlike presence and expands your capacity as a servant leader.
you'll emerge as a trusted guide for individuals and communities, kindling hope, healing divisions and casting light on solutions to seemingly intractable problems. wherever you go and whatever you do, you’ll model the way to create meaningful – and sustainable – change.



the way to learn. the way to lead.
form lifelong relationships with peers who inspire you and mentor scholars who equip you to think with clarity, live with integrity and serve with the heart of god.


intellectually enriching gain knowledge that challenges your current mindset. our learning community is rooted in intellectual curiosity and keenly attuned to the forces that are transforming today’s church.


flexible & affordableget an education that fits your life. we’ve optimized our curriculum to keep costs down, and our hybrid-online environment provides room for autonomy and spaces for community building.


personal & purposeful grow into everything christ meant you to be and contextualize your ministry wherever you’re called to lead. this isn’t just an education – it’s a pathway to purpose.


view programs


a diverse community


47denominations
40states
10countries
∞callings













watch video


light the way | portland seminary
close











get the best of both worlds
journey with us in person and online. you’ll join your peers for an immersive formational experience each september, connect with your class mondays on zoom and engage in online forum discussions throughout the week. 
along the way, you’ll take a series of courses with the same group of students, leading to engaging discussions and powerful networking opportunities. your cohort community will be a source of strength and joy as you push through challenges and grow as children of god.





read the signs
don’t just learn to impart knowledge – learn to discern what people need to flourish. you’ll gain actionable insights from your professors as they lead you down roads of discovery, opening your mind to creative ideas and transforming your capacity as a problem solver. 
you’ll also develop the cultural sensitivity you need to navigate diverse environments. our alumni are bringing spiritual care to communities in portland, serving korean immigrant congregations in the san francisco bay area and training indigenous agents of change in south africa. get ready for a life of impact.





let the spirit form you
spiritual formation is the key to transformation. we’ve thoughtfully built out spaces, practices and courses that invite you to contemplate and cultivate your calling. you’ll be guided by the voice of the holy spirit and emerge as a christ-shaped presence in the world.
throughout your spiritual journey, you’ll be part of an inclusive community that values diversity as an essential dimension of what it means to be human. come as you are, and thrive in a sacred learning environment where men and women help one another fulfill their promise.





be a source of transformation
amazing things will happen when you join our community. you’ll find new meaning in the word. you’ll draw ever closer to christ. and you’ll gain a fresh perspective of the world and your place in it. 
it all starts with a single step and a heartfelt desire to keep moving forward. follow the way and arrive at a place where you can leverage your god-given gifts to transform lives, build up communities and empower future generations. 






find your program

we invite each of you to consider a formational learning journey at portland seminary. whether you see yourself as a pastor, a chaplain, a business person, an artist or a companion to others, if you have a desire to learn and be spiritually formed, we have a program and community to embrace you as you follow god's call.




master's degree programs

master of divinity
ma in spiritual formation
ma in theological studies
ma in leadership and culture
compare master's degrees



doctoral degree programs

doctor of leadership in global perspectives
doctor of ministry in leadership & spiritual formation

spiritual direction certification

certification for spiritual directors








darcy hansen, mdiv, dmin
certified spiritual director


portland seminary gave me a broader historical context of what it means to be a christian. it made my previous black-and-white faith colorful, and the box of my understanding of god just got blown up. now i have a big picture that i don't even have words to describe. sometimes it's disorienting, but it's good because it's free. i have a sense of freedom i didn't have before.



stay connected



instagram



facebook



youtube



twitter



weird religion



napkin scribbles




admissions request info


questions?








haley holman



admissions counselor, portland seminary


503-213-6733
                | call
                
503-213-6733 | text
seminary@georgefox.edu
schedule appointment



meet with us


request infomeet with usapplynew applicantsreturning applicants





portland seminary

12753 sw 68th ave #278 
portland,
                or
97223

503-554-6150



information for

prospective students
current students
parents & families of current students
alumni
current employees
current faculty
community members



resources

a-z index
blog
calendar
contact us
find an employee
jobs at george fox
locations



quick links

mygeorgefox
canvas
email




  
  
  

   search george fox       
be known
© 2025, george fox university.
all rights reserved.

privacy
consumer information
non-discrimination policy
title ix / sexual misconduct reporting







