













front page | georgia magazine


















      skip to main content
    









georgia magazine












e-newsletter





subscribe





media kit




























celebrating the georgia lifestyle






homecalendarcontestscurrent issueback issuescontact usmedia kit

















do you love your electric cooperative? tell us why!





















 





wonders of the wilderness
georgia's dnr centers give visitors an up-close look at ecology, wildlife.



 





around georgia


visiting valdosta
explore this south georgia town's vibrant culture, cuisine, history and more.



 





keeping the beat
the atlanta drum academy empowers youths through percussion.



 





georgia cooks


baked with love
chef joe engelbird's culinary journey started with one tea cake recipe.



 





georgia gardens


the daffodil project
georgia-based nonprofit plants more than 1 million daffodils worldwide in remembrance of children who died during the holocaust, other humanitarian crises.



 





welcome to ma's house
'mother of the blues' chronicled in her columbus home.



 





our jimmy
georgia reflects on achievements of longest-living u.s. president.



 





georgia gardens


georgia treasures
iconic hedges, roses, cherry blossoms and camellias are part of georgia's rich horticultural heritage.



 





trip of a lifetime
georgia students visit d.c. sites, learn about history, co-ops on the washington youth tour.
















current issue











   














































































currents



stocking upcarroll emc community rallies around little free pantries, plus emc workers lauded for lifesaving efforts and other cooperative news.













georgia news



sweet arrivalmeet the new baby sloth at zoo atlanta, plus columbus museum earns top honor, spotted lanternfly news and more.













made in georgia



catio bobrobert johnston of athens creates safe, outdoor enclosures for cats and kittens.













hometown heroes



angel in a truckjoann tarnoff of warner robins helps the homeless.













cooperative concerns



ensure your voice is heardelectric co-op member-consumers: sign up to learn more about legislative policies that can affect your power bill.













hometown heroes



a simple act of kindnesstiffany underwood creates, shares chemo-care bags with patients.













georgia news



top young scientistsirish subash named america's top young scientist, plus more in georgia news.













currents



bringing up linemenreeves inducted into international lineman's hall of fame, plus more stories from georgia's electric cooperatives.

















 


 





















enter a contest







enter our trivia, travel  
guide and picture this? contests.









share a recipe







are you a great georgia 
cook? submit your favorite recipe!









submit a photo







share your favorite georgia photo with us!









share a story idea







you’re the eyes and ears 
of georgia! let us know something cool to cover in our state.





































2025




february 2025

january 2025

december 2024

november 2024

october 2024

september 2024

august 2024

july 2024

june 2024

may 2024

april 2024

march 2024





pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2




              page
            3




              page
            4



next page
next ›




last page
last »







back issues
1950 to 2023







view back issues



















facebook
twitter
pinterest
youtube













e-newsletter





subscribe





media kit





















footer menu


home


calendar


contests


current issue


back issues


contact





touchstone energy® helps its member cooperatives strengthen their relationships with their members. it is a national network of electric cooperatives across 45 states that provides research, communications resources, and employee training programs to help its member cooperatives better engage and serve their members. as a result, touchstone energy cooperatives are positioned to achieve superior member satisfaction and engagement to strengthen the cooperative, the community it serves, and the electric cooperative community at large. through access to targeted programs and a unifying, national brand, touchstone energy cooperatives stand out as a trusted source of power and information to their 30 million member-owners every day.





















©2025 georgia magazine. all rights reserved.


powered by co-op web builder



















