     pre-owned dealership in fowlerville mi | serving fowlerville and perry | bob maxey ford in fowlerville                                                      bob maxey ford in fowlerville        sales 517-696-6381              8100 country corner drivefowlerville, mi 48836                 service        map        contact                      bob maxey ford in fowlerville           call 517-696-6381   directions                  home   new   new ford   new lincoln     used   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   value your trade   we buy used cars   quick quote   find my car     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   lease return options     specials   pre-owned specials     service & parts   request an appointment   service department   order parts   ford pass   oil change   brake repair   schedule service     about us   about us   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us                      home   new   new ford   new lincoln     used   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   value your trade   we buy used cars   quick quote   find my car     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   lease return options     specials   pre-owned specials     service & parts   request an appointment   service department   order parts   ford pass   oil change   brake repair   schedule service     about us   about us   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us            

                                                                               

    inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      used certified    any year  any make  any model search     used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     used certified      search       



        search inventory        current specials        get pre-approved       





easy financing 









trade appraisal 









reliable service 




     

select a body style




sedan





coupe





suv





truck





hatchback





minivan




     

bob maxey ford
located in fowlerville, mi
the bob maxey family prides itself in top notch customer service and getting you the best deal possible. we now have 4 locations to service all of your vehicle needs whether its a high quality pre-owned vehicle, new ford or lincoln or our ford certified repair center. 
more about us

             


    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 8:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed         service hours         monday 8:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 6:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 8:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 6:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed        
     

follow us

        
          


looking for a quality vehicle in the lansing area? you won't find a better place to go than bob maxey ford in fowlerville. we're proud to be the name that drivers in fowlerville, perry, webberville, williamston, morrice, and all throughout the region trust with all their needs.




bob maxey ford in fowlerville: giving you exceptional customer service


giving you the best deal on our quality vehicles isn't our only goal; we also go above and beyond with the service we provide you so that the entire process is smooth and stress-free for you. we'll work with you so that we can find the right quality pre-owned vehicle in our inventory that matches your needs so that you can drive home satisfied.

supporting our community
we're proud to find ways to give back to our community in every way that we can. one initiative that we find especially rewarding is supporting christmas in the ville, helping to spread holiday cheer to everyone in our area.


service and financing


certified service professionals
our mechanics have the training needed to keep your vehicle in great condition for many years after your purchase. our service department will take care of everything from routine maintenance like oil changes and alignment checks to more complex issues so that you can take to the road with confidence.



financing made easy
we strive to make every aspect of the car buying process as simple as possible, and that includes securing an auto loan. you can use our payment calculator to check out different financing options available to you before you come in for a visit, helping you prepare ahead of time.



top vehicles in our inventory


f-150
leading the way in ford's lineup is america's most popular pickup truck, the f-150. along with the powerful capability this truck has built its reputation on, new models of this truck also have available hybrid and electric powertrains to help you get the job done with greater energy efficiency.
edge
shake things up with the edge, an suv that isn't afraid to do things its own way. this vehicle features sporty performance to match its dynamic design, letting you have some fun during your everyday routine.
escape
the first thing you'll notice about the escape is the distinctive style it shows off, but there's much more to this vehicle than a pretty face. sync 4 technology puts a cutting-edge multimedia interface at your fingertips so you can easily access entertainment, navigation, and more when you're on the go.


explorer
blaze your own trail with confidence in the explorer, an suv ready to take on any challenge you come across. the expansive cargo area with folding third-row seats makes meeting all your storage needs easy as can be.
superduty
when you've got a big-time job that an ordinary truck can't tackle, trust the superduty to get it done with confidence and ease. with an astounding maximum towing capacity of 37,000 pounds, there isn't any hauling job that this truck isn't ready to tackle.


    

by providing a telephone number and submitting the form you are consenting to be contacted by sms text message (our message frequency may vary). message & data rates may apply. reply stop to opt-out of further messaging. reply help for more information. see our privacy policy. disclaimer: by providing my contact information to bob maxey dealerships, i acknowledge and give my explicit consent to be contacted via sms and receive emails for various purposes, which may include marketing and promotional content. message and data rates may apply. message frequency may vary. reply stop to opt-out. refer to our privacy policy for more information.

            copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | bob maxey ford in fowlerville | 8100 country corner drive, fowlerville, mi 48836 | sales: 517-696-6381            




















        