


      america's state parks | national association of state park directors








































 


                skip to content
            









news & eventsprofessional developmentcareersspecial programsabout uscontactfoundation 

 






naspd 2025 conferencelocate a parkplaces to stayour partnersdonate 






news & eventsprofessional developmentspecial programsabout uslocate a parkplaces to staydonatecareersfoundationour partners 


national association of state park directors






 america state parks
national association of state park directors


2023 grand prize winner, dinesh chitlangia, vogel state park, georgia







locate a parkfind a state park near youdel norte coast redwoods state park, caplaces to stayfind a place to staydel norte coast redwoods state park, ca 


special programs






first day hikes
first day hikes

another year of first day hikes has come and gone and we had another amazing year of participation.

over 68,000 participants joined us on january 1, 2025 for first day hikes! some of the activities included guided hikes, bike rides, 5k races, history tours, horseback rides, and polar plunges. in total there were more than 1400 events held across the country from hawaii to maine. participants did 171, 709 miles of activity; starting the new year off on the right foot!

first day...
explore



petit jean state park, ar




hearts of stihl grant




 

stihl inc. is proud to announce its continued support of the hearts of stihl program, an initiative dedicated to the preservation and care of our nation’s state parks. inspired by the dedicated staff of america’s state parks, the mission of hearts of stihl is to support the people and programs that protect these national treasures, ensuring they can be enjoyed by all americans for generations to come.

for 2024, the hearts of stihl program will provide a $20,000 grant to a state park ...
explore








capital campouts
heron lake state park – new mexico

june marks america’s official great outdoors month! in recent years it has been sanctioned by a proclamation signed by the president and all 50 state governors. in support of this celebration, the president and several state governors began hosting capital campouts.

thousands of kids and their families have participated in memorable camping experiences. it is sure to spark a passion for the great outdoors in individuals who would otherwise never have the ...
explore








children in nature
plan for action

the crisis
the way children understand and experience their natural world has changed radically over the past several decades. their physical contact and intimacy with the natural outdoors has diminished greatly. their inability to connect with nature is now recognized as a national issue of concern. there is speculation that the loss of a child/nature connection threatens their independent judgment, their value of place, their ability to feel awe and wonder, their sense of stew...
explore








let’s camp america
simply stated, america’s state parks have over 250,000 reasons to say, “let’s camp america!”

that’s right, there are 10,336 state park areas across 50 states with 241,255 campsites and 9,457 cabins waiting for you. plus with over 40,000 miles of trails, countless miles of waterways and rivers on 18.6 million acres, america’s state parks offer endless outdoor recreation to people of all ages.

the america’s state parks let’s camp america! is an initiative to promote camping in st...
explore








bronco wild fund grant
  

bronco wild fund (bwf) is continuing support for america’s state parks by promoting our shared goal of
helping increase access to the outdoors. in 2024, bwf is providing funds for new introductory access
programs in state parks. the overall goal is to get more people outdoors, build their skills to connect
outside in the future and tackle barriers to engaging in new outdoor activities.

applications/proposals will be reviewed by a panel of bwf stakeholders. recipients will be selected base...
explore





 




 




featured parks


alaskakachemak bay state parkview park

nevadaspring valley state parkvolcanic tuff and sediment give spring valley state park a beautiful light-gray, pink and white bview park

kansaslittle jerusalem badlands state parkthis area is know locally as little jerusalem because some say that when the early-morning sun liview park

south dakotacuster state parkcuster state park is south dakota’s oldest and largest state park. 71,000 acres of forest, praiview park

nevadavalley of fire state parkview park

support our effortsyour donation will help protect these beautiful landscapes for generations to come.find out how 



mo - missouri is adding three new state parks, gov. nixon announces, each with outstanding natural features latest headlines







jan 14, 2025


america’s state parks selects south carolina parks director to serve as president
read more

press releases






dec 18, 2024


december 2024 / january 2025 vistas newsletter
read more

newsletters






nov 25, 2024


october/november 2024 vistas newsletter
read more

newsletters





view all






our efforts
the mission of the national association of state park directors (naspd) is to promote and advance the state park systems of america for their own significance, as well as for their important contributions to the nation’s environment, heritage, health, and economy.
state park systems can stimulate each state's economy through tourism, relocation, recreation, and even air-quality for nearby residents. outdoor recreation can reduce juvenile crime, promote closeness within families, and build community involvement. spending time in state parks promotes exercise, good health, inspiration, self-realization, and life enrichment. supporting state park systems ensures that natural and cultural resources are preserved for the next generation. children growing up in a culture of smart phones and computers can benefit greatly from spending time outdoors in state parks.
learn more

prairie creek redwoods state park, ca


meet our partners
 

 




news & eventsprofessional developmentspecial programsabout usapply for a scholarshipfoundation 

 

naspd 2025 conferencelocate a parkplaces to stayour partnersdonate 





login
privacy policy ©2025 national association of state park directors









