









home - economic society of south africa































































skip to content















































become a member




log in


 






















 
homeabout constitution council past presidentsprizes and awards middleton award conference student prizes founders’ medalsmembershipsaje subscriptions electronic version guidelines contributors editorial board editorial statement middleton award contact sajeconferences past conferences upcoming conferencesnotificationscontact








 













welcome to the website of the economic society of south africa






the society was established in 1925 and is a discussion forum for economists in academic life, government and business. it has a history of membership from cabinet ministers, governors of the reserve bank, chief executives of companies, directors-general of government departments, academic leaders and prominent economists.




















become a member











essa boasts a large and diverse membership. individuals or groups within organisations are invited to join the essa network and take advantage of its numerous benefits. please click on the link below to learn more about becoming a member.







click here to join


















notifications
















2023 biennial conference






we are happy to announce that the date and venue for our 2023 biennial conference has now been confirmed.
please note that registration for the conference will open in mid-april, and look out for a detailed call for papers which will be issued shortly.
 







register now










2023 biennial conference






essa will host its biennial conference from the 12th to the 14th september at the csir convention centre in pretoria.
this event promises to be an exciting event that will bring economists from all fields together to network and share their knowledge and expertise over 3 days of programming.









download programme











abstracts













 














additional resources






terms of use
privacy notice​
data privacy policy​​
paia manual​
regulation for research data management
web regulations
electronic communication policy​









get in touch













tukkiewerf 2/21, university of pretoria, lynwood road, pretoria, 0002, rsa 














execsecretary@essa.org.za 














saje@up.ac.za 







follow us




























© 2022 economic society of south africa. all rights reserved.









 
we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept





















