







york saint patrick's day parade






































































































              home
            

            parade 2025
          

















































































homeparade 2025







york saint patrick's day parade











scroll








save the date for - march 15th, 2025!





















you're in luck.you're in york!join us in downtown york, pa on saturday, march 15, for the 39th annual york st. patrick's day parade—a festive celebration filled with music, culture, and community spirit!

 


    view 2025 parade day guide
  

 

parade registration information 









    online general registration
  




    online band registration 
  




    general registration 
  




    band registration 
  







          sign up to march in the parade
        

          〰️
        











sign up to march in the parade
〰️










        sign up to march in the parade 〰️ 
      














2025 grand marshal










it is with great pleasure to announce that sean kenny, executive director of the farm & natural lands trust of york county, will serve as the grand marshal for the 2025 york st. patrick’s day parade! sean is a leader in preserving the natural beauty of our region and advocating for the importance of both environmental and agricultural landscape conservation. his tireless work with the farm & natural landstrust has had a profound impact on saving our community’s natural resources and scenic viewsheds, making him a perfect representative for this year’s parade – keeping york county green!  










masters of ceremonies 













the york saint patrick’s day parade committee is pleased to announce wgal news 8 as its media partner for 2025. michael fuller and lori burkholder will serve as co-masters of ceremonies for the york saint patrick’s day parade on march 15, 2025.michael fuller co-anchors wgal news at 4 p.m. and reports for the 10 and 11 p.m. newscasts. he previously worked at nbc connecticut as a general assignment reporter. prior to his time in connecticut, michael was a part of the wltx-tv cbs affiliate news team in columbia, sc. michael grew up in montgomery county, a suburb of philadelphia. at a young age, he was very active in his church community and it was there where michael learned that he had a passion for broadcast journalism.lori started at wgal in 1989 and has held many positions over the years. she hosted and produced "susquehanna people," a weekly public affairs program, hosted and produced "12:30 live" for its entire 10-year run, anchored for news 8 at noon and anchored for news 8 today. when not covering the news, lori spends time speaking at many events, enjoys running and renovating her 18th century home. lori grew up in dauphin county and graduated from millersville university with a journalism degree. lori is married to jeff with whom she has two children, a daughter taylor and a son tommy.




















 

ready to help?volunteer




    sign up today
  

 







 

we'd love to hear from you










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email address
              
                *





              phone
              
                *




country





(###)





###





####





              subject
              
                *





              message
              
                *







thank you for contacting the york saint patrick’s day parade committee!  we will respond to your email within 48 hours.we’re looking forward to connecting with you!-yspdp committee




 






intro banner



new page



registration information



new page



mcs



new page



join



contact us


















































