     tucson lincoln dealer in tucson az | oro valley marana sahuarita lincoln dealership arizona                                                                  holmes tuttle lincoln         call now 520-690-5010    service 520-292-3765  parts 520-292-3661    660 w. auto mall dr.tucson, az 85705                           service        map        contact                       holmes tuttle lincoln           call 520-690-5010   directions                  new vehicles   new vehicles   search inventory   lincoln black label inventory   new vehicle specials    model showroom   value your trade    current incentives   2024 lincoln corsair phev   2025 fuel economy guide   2024 fuel economy guide   aviator comparison   lincoln navigator   custom order   2024 lincoln corsair   corsair comparison   lincoln aviator   lincoln black label   2024 lincoln nautilus    2025 lincoln nautilus   2025 lincoln aviator   lincoln cpo     pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned vehicles   search inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned specials   vehicles under 15k   value your trade      model research   finance & offers   finance department   credit application   payment calculator   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials   value your trade    regional incentives      service   lincoln access rewards   service scheduler   service department   service appointment   pickup & delivery   collision center    order parts   lincoln priority service    general service advice   oil change advice   tire care advice   battery service advice   brake service advice     ownership   lincoln access rewards   ownership   lincoln way app     about   our dealership   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact   employment                       new vehicles   new vehicles   search inventory   lincoln black label inventory   new vehicle specials    model showroom   value your trade    current incentives   2024 lincoln corsair phev   2025 fuel economy guide   2024 fuel economy guide   aviator comparison   lincoln navigator   custom order   2024 lincoln corsair   corsair comparison   lincoln aviator   lincoln black label   2024 lincoln nautilus    2025 lincoln nautilus   2025 lincoln aviator   lincoln cpo     pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned vehicles   search inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned specials   vehicles under 15k   value your trade      model research   finance & offers   finance department   credit application   payment calculator   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials   value your trade    regional incentives      service   lincoln access rewards   service scheduler   service department   service appointment   pickup & delivery   collision center    order parts   lincoln priority service    general service advice   oil change advice   tire care advice   battery service advice   brake service advice     ownership   lincoln access rewards   ownership   lincoln way app     about   our dealership   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact   employment           



 order your vehicle today! your lincoln, your way!
 custom order your lincoln



    


               disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                                


    inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new pre-owned certified    any year  any make  any model search     new pre-owned certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new pre-owned      search       


      search new inventory     search used inventory        


      discover aviator  









schedule service











get financing





         select a vehicle       navigator      aviator      nautilus      corsair     explore all new inventory               it's more than ownership, it's membership. lincoln black label models are the highest expression of lincoln design and personal service. hand-selected and crafted interior materials, unique interior themes and exclusive membership benefits help to make your lincoln ownership experience exclusively your own. learn more     



the 2024 navigator
elegance meets tech.

intelligently designed for comfort and convenience, the spacious lincoln navigator® suv surrounds you with thoughtful technology to enhance every drive.

view inventory











the 2024 nautilus
immerse yourself in calm.

the nautilus is a perfect vessel for quiet introspection and revitalizing escape. a re-envisioned front cabin creates sacred space with soothing horizontal lines, an expansive touchscreen and fluid, human-centric design.

view inventory








                  

holmes tuttle lincoln
in tucson, az
 
holmes tuttle lincoln is tucson's flagship lincoln store. located conveniently in the tucson automall, our newly renovated dealership features one of the largest selections of new and used vehicles in tucson. holmes tuttle lincoln is committed to fulfilling your vehicle expectations, from shopping to service, vehicle purchase to buying parts. our goal is for our service to far exceed your expectations. we look forward to meeting you, and demonstrating our commitment to excellence!

more about us


     





address

660 w. auto mall dr., tucson, az 85705


 hours and directions

sales hours     monday 8:00am - 8:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 8:00pm    friday 8:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed    


     

holmes tuttle lincoln in tucson, az
shopping for a new car is a pleasure from the moment you walk into the recently renovated holmes tuttle lincoln of tucson. as tucson's flagship lincoln dealer, we are committed to working with you to get you the right car at the right price. come take a look at what our award-winning facility has to offer!


service is our top priority
the dedicated lincoln specialists at holmes tuttle lincolnmake you feel right at home from the moment you step through the door. with an impressive inventory of new and used automobiles, our sales team can work with you to tailor a car to your preferences and needs to ensure that you are happy behind the wheel for many miles to come.
our team of factory-trained, award-winning technicians will work to keep your vehicle in tip-top shape. we know that your time is valuable; whether you are coming in for routine maintenance or an oil change, we strive to complete our service quickly and efficiently and offer loaner vehicles and a comfortable customer lounge with complimentary wi-fi.
take advantage of our convenient online scheduling center to find the day and time that will work best for your busy schedule. you may also consider exploring the lincoln priority service, our signature package that includes an oil change, full-body and fluid inspection, tire rotation, and car wash. 


leading models
as a leading lincoln dealership, we have a large inventory of lincoln models in every trim level to make sure you are able to get a vehicle that delivers on everything you need. among our top sellers is the lincoln corsair, a sleek and compact suv with a hefty engine to guide you in and around town. 
if you are looking for a larger vehicle for longer jaunts, take a test drive of the award-winning lincoln navigator. packed with luxurious amenities such as heated power front and back bucket seats, a leather and wood-trimmed steering wheel, a third row to accommodate extra passengers, and so much more, it's no wonder that the navigator is among lincoln's top-selling vehicles. the lincoln aviator and nautilus models are additional suv models that bring together a perfect blend of luxury, comfort, safety, style, and performance. 

community support
at holmes tuttle lincoln, we are deeply invested in the health and vibrancy of our southern arizona communities. over the years, our community of vehicle dealerships has raised over 9 million dollars to support various efforts that strengthen and stabilize our local communities. we have been proud to support local education initiatives and preservation efforts to protect and enhance the arizona trail to make this beautiful asset available to all for many years to come. 
when you are in need of a new or pre-owned lincoln, we look forward to welcoming you to explore our wide selection of vehicles at holmes tuttle lincoln. we proudly offer competitive financing packages, award-winning service, and a friendly and supportive sales staff that turn the somewhat arduous task of buying a car into an easy, low-pressure, and pleasurable experience.


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures holmes tuttle lincoln | 660 w. auto mall dr., tucson, az 85705 | sales: 520-690-5010 |                
















               