




  










depauw university - a private liberal arts college






























depauw university




students


families


employees


alumni



search









academics









academics
develop the leadership skills, critical thinking and experience necessary to lead in today’s world. our brilliant faculty and co-curricular liberal arts approach make this transformation possible. 

discover more







academics

majors & minors
college of liberal arts and sciences
the creative school
school of business and leadership
the institute of music
honor scholars & fellow programs
centers at depauw
study abroad
research
internships








admission & aid









admission & aid
your college degree is a vital investment in your future. we partner with you and your family to ensure the accessibility of our extraordinary academic and residential programs.

discover more







admission & aid

apply
scholarships & aid
tuition & fees
plan your visit
admitted students
contact admission
net price calculator








campus life









campus life
experience college life in high definition on our very involved and interconnected campus. with over 100 clubs and organizations plus a continuous calendar of community activities, there is no shortage of opportunity to get involved.

discover more







campus life

activities and organizations
performing arts & culture
diversity and inclusion
living on campus
spiritual life
greek life
wellness








athletics



about









about depauw
discover a transformative learning environment that empowers you to be influential; to make a tangible difference on a global scale. here you won’t just earn an education, you’ll live it.

discover more







about

mission, vision and values
liberal arts & sciences
president white
2027 strategic plan
location
institutional equity
quick facts
faces of depauw










button menu















visit







apply







get info







give




 




students gathered together cheering with pom poms
students gathered together cheering with pom poms


what's it like to be a...tiger for life?!
schedule a visit



 






next steps

 visit campus


request info


apply






academic programs & virtual tour










big ideas. small classes.



 explore our programs 














virtual tour



 explore our campus 
















a liberal arts education at depauw will strengthen my critical thinking skills and connect perfectly with my medical career goals. -marwa aarab






campus life & college tour






play. connect. lead. compete.

explore student life








meet our students

student stories









how depauw stands out among the best liberal arts colleges





								top 50							
national liberal arts college u.s. news & world report




								top 7%							
lifetime career earnings  center on education and the workforce




								#1							
national liberal arts college in indiana - u.s. news & world report




								top 50							
colleges that create futures princeton review





more numbers







news & stories












depauw awarded $32 million lilly endowment inc. grant for community development partnership with the city of greencastle

in partnership with the city of greencastle, depauw is pleased to announce a $32 million grant from lilly endowment inc. through its… 









depauw university joins prestigious colleges that change lives organization

depauw university is proud to announce its acceptance into colleges that change lives (ctcl), a distinguished non-profit organization… 









creative collaboration: depauw alumni find success through partnership

several depauw alumni bring their talents together to create an award-winning multimedia production for a national audience. 


more news & stories

 



news

roll tigs! four fall teams claim ncac titles
fall 2024 dean’s list recognizes exceptional academic achievements

events



feb
18


landing internship speaker panel




feb
21


behind the scenes: exclusive tours of depauw's permanent art collection










 





depauw university











								depauw university 

								204 e. seminary
								greencastle, indiana 46135-0037 
								phone

								(765) 658-4800










academics


admission & aid


campus life


athletics


about


strategic plan








directories


libraries



events


news






employment


moodle


e-services


google apps








										schedule a visit
									








© 2025 depauw university. all rights reserved.  depauw university admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. it does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs.
privacy policy | cookie policy | terms and conditions | notice at collection | your privacy choices | non-discrimination policy | title ix








