









skylights and roof hatches manufactured by lane-aire
















































 products  

domed skylights
glass skylights
roof hatches
smoke vents
safety rails
safety ladders
flashings

 

request a quoteabout 













homeskylightsstandard skylightscustom skylightsroof hatchessafetysafety railssafety grabsafety postventsflashings 




call us now!
951-808-3658
 





we are lane-aire since 1963. all great endeavors require great vision. learn more 










leading innovation
we have over 50 years experience in the production of skylights and roof hatches, and you'll find our products used in buildings all over the country. whether your project is commercial, industrial, or residential.
learn more







strong foundation
we stand behind our products with warranties that meet or exceed industry standards against defects in material and workmanship. ask for more details when you talk to one of our knowledgeable and professional sales consultants.
learn more







efficiency, design & aesthetics
the double pitched skylight by lane-aire is designed to meet those special applications where natural lighting and aesthetics combine to make the skylight an integral part of the roof at the ridge. 
learn more


[/slide_caption]





strong foundation
we stand behind our products with warranties that meet or exceed industry standards against defects in material and workmanship. ask for more details when you talk to one of our knowledgeable and professional sales consultants.
learn more







efficiency, design & aesthetics
the double pitched skylight by lane-aire is designed to meet those special applications where natural lighting and aesthetics combine to make the skylight an integral part of the roof at the ridge. 
learn more



























   our library offers specifications and technical drawings.    view downloads  








welcome  to lane aire


as one of the oldest manufacturers of skylights and roof hatches, lane-aire continues to outperform its rivals with the highest quality products that outperform the competition. we are constantly monitoring architectural trends to bring you the most contemporary products available.
lane-aire supports our customers through all phases of a construction project from assisting your design professional to guiding your installer. whether it's a complex construction project or a simple residential job, our knowledgeable sales consultants are at your service to find the solutions that meet the needs of your project.
please browse our extensive selection of domed skylights, glass skylights, roof hatches, smoke vents and safety accessories. feel free to contact us at any time with questions or to request a quote.




 request a quote
 


 







why choose us?
we stand behind our products with warranties that meet or exceed industry standards. we have over 50 years of experience. 






skylights and roof hatches are our specialty
   complete line of standard and custom products lane-aire products are proudly made and assembled by union labor in our modern manufacturing facility in corona, ca. lane-aire has over 50 years producing domed and glass skylights, roof hatches and smoke vents which are used in buildings across north america.          








solutions. quality. service.






solutions
we have over 50 years' experience in the production of skylights & roof hatches.

learn more






quality
we use only the finest quality materials in the production of our products.

ask now






service
we take pride in providing the best customer service to support our clients.

contact us


 











our vision


lane-aire products are made with union labor in our modern facility in corona, ca.













our goals
lane-aire supports our customers through all phases of a design and installation.
whether you have a simple residential project or a complex construction with unique geometric shapes we are at your service.
read more













get a quote today



view our products



office lcations









 home  | about  | contact  |  terms and conditions  |  downloads   |  warranty request form  copyright © 2005 - 2017 lane-aire









designed by dana web design 







 






sign in















log in


remember me



forgot your password?
forgot your username?






 










talk to us 951.808.3658 

homeskylightsstandard skylightscustom skylightsroof hatchessafetysafety railssafety grabsafety postventsflashings


