



dog shirts & agility shirts









2025 cpe natls silkscreened clothing!
2025 cpe natls embroidered clothing!
gift certificates by email! four cute styles!
new and recently added tshirt designs!
how to order, etc.
agility shirts!
barn hunt, nose work, scent work, tracking, lure coursing, earthdog tshirts
field, obedience, rally, trick dog, flyball, herding and disc dog tshirts
dog breed shirts!
general dog themed shirts and tiedyes!
shirt care, swatches, measurements
dog italian charms!
sale shirts!! (a to b)
sale shirts!! (c to f)
sale shirts!! (g to n)
sale shirts!! (o to s)
sale shirts!! (t to z)
border collie shirts!
shetland sheepdog shirts!
australian shepherd shirts!
belgian shirts!
doberman shirts!
performance and breed magnets!
is your agility dog a rescue?
2024 cpe natls silkscreened clothing
2024 cpe nationals embroidered clothing
troubleshooting (web images, mailto links)
terms of use
credits
control unleashed and agility unleashed shirts
dog shirts & agility shirts


beauty of the beasts™ dog shirts & agility shirts

welcome to beauty of the beasts, home of fun and flashy dog and agility t-shirts since 2000!to place an order to be shipped, just send us an email with design name, size and other details. you'll find many new additions on our "new and recently added designs" page, and we've added lots of new items to our sale pages to make room for our new designs. meanwhile, if you're looking for something you've seen at a show or on a friend but can't find on our website, just email us and describe it!
beauty of the beasts offers t-shirts featuring dog breed, agility, barn hunt, nose work, scent work themes and more. we have a wide range of realistic and cartoony t-shirts, all original designs. please bookmark us so you can easily check back for new additions, always updated on our new designs page. along with our hundreds of original dog shirts, check out our original italian charm designs for most breeds as well as agility, barn hunt, nose work, scent work, rescue, memorial, general dog themes, many more. custom name charms are only $3 more than our stock designs!check out our popular swirls design series in agility, obedience and rally; american cocker, australian shepherd, bearded collie, belgian malinois, belgian sheepdog, belgian tervuren, border collie (two versions), border terrier, boston terrier, boxer, cardigan welsh corgi, cavalier king charles spaniel, chinese crested, collie, doberman pinscher, english springer spaniel, flat-coated retriever, german shepherd, golden retriever, labrador retriever, papillon, pembroke welsh corgi, poodle, pug, rottweiler, schnauzer, scottie, shetland sheepdog, weimaraner, and westie!for online orders... most sale shirts are $12 to $16, non-sale shirts still only $20 to $22 each... and 1-2 tees ship priority mail anywhere in the us for $8.95. italian charms ship for only $4.95 in the us, any size order.tshirts available in the following breeds: american cocker spaniel, american pit bull terrier, american staffordshire terrier, australian shepherd, bearded collie, belgian malinois, belgian sheepdog (groenendael), belgian tervuren, border collie, boston terrier, cardigan welsh corgi, chinese crested, collie, dalmatian, doberman pinscher, english springer spaniel, german shepherd, golden retriever, labrador retriever (black, chocolate, and yellow), min pin, papillon, parson russell terrier, pembroke welsh corgi, poodle, pug, rottweiler, rough collie, schnauzer, scottish terrier, shetland sheepdog, silky terrier, weimaraner, west highland white terrier, and yorkshire terrier, and probably a couple more we forgot to mention. if we don't have your breed, we also have some great general dog shirts with cute slogans or paws that any dog owner can wear! and we can do any breed, including rare ones, on an italian charm - see our charm page for details.trouble viewing the images on our site? click here for some solutions.by using beauty of the beasts' website, you agree to abide by our terms of use.







all designs on this site © 1997-2025 beauty of the beasts and may not be reproduced in any form without express written permission.
please email your order to beautyofthebeasts@earthlink.net. after we give you your total with shipping, you can send us a check or money order, or pay by credit card using the link below that will take you to paypal's secure server.














 
[ return to top ]






