     leesburg ford dealer in leesburg va | ashburn sterling chantilly ford dealership virginia                                                     
















sales
703-777-0000

service
703-777-0000

parts
703-777-0000

860 trailview boulevard, se
leesburg, va 20175
                                 

 






service







map







contact





















jerry's leesburg ford

 


      call 703-777-0000   directions    
                 new   search inventory   commercial inventory   schedule test drive   quick quote   value your trade   find my car   custom factory order    ford protect   mustang mach e     used   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   featured vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   value your trade   find my car   certified pre-owned overview     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   1st responder incentive   college incentive   military incentive   we will buy your vehicle     custom order   service & parts   schedule service   service pickup & delivery   fordpass   parts brand   tires   shop ford parts   service dept menu   ford accessories   jerry's collision center     finance   finance department   business credit application   ford credit application    edmunds trade-in   get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)   dealer credit application     about   our dealership   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers     contact   contact us   hours & directions                     home   new   search inventory   commercial inventory   schedule test drive   quick quote   value your trade   find my car   custom factory order    ford protect   mustang mach e     used   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   featured vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   value your trade   find my car   certified pre-owned overview     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   1st responder incentive   college incentive   military incentive   we will buy your vehicle     custom order   service & parts   schedule service   service pickup & delivery   fordpass   parts brand   tires   shop ford parts   service dept menu   ford accessories   jerry's collision center     finance   finance department   business credit application   ford credit application    edmunds trade-in   get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)   dealer credit application     about   our dealership   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers     contact   contact us   hours & directions           


























    




   inventory search    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       






 









finance
fill out our online credit application.



get pre-approved













service
schedule your next appointment today.



schedule service













specials
check out our latest special offers.



view specials







      search new inventory     search used inventory        



something for everyone
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





suvs & crossovers


trucks & vans


all electric


cars





 



escape





bronco sport





bronco





edge





explorer





mustang mach-e





expedition









maverick





ranger





transit connect





f-150





super duty





transit





f-150 lightning









mustang mach-e





f-150 lightning









mustang




explore all new
models





     

                                                                                                disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                 
     




certified pre-owned








vehicles under 15k








jerry's ford leesburg named carfax top-rated dealer
carfax top-rated dealer awards are based on verified customer ratings
carfax is pleased to announce that jerry's ford leesburg has earned a unique honor: it is a carfax 5x top-rated dealer! these dealerships have been named a carfax top-rated dealer in each of the five years of this program. the program honors dealerships around the u.s. for their exceptional service based on verified customer reviews. these 2023 carfax top-rated dealers received an average of at least 4.7 stars out of a possible 5. 
"these dealers have built trust and transparency with their customers - and maintained it over the long haul," said gregg cleary, carfax vice president of dealer business. "carfax has more than 5.4 million verified ratings and reviews, and these dealers have been crushing it to earn the top-rated distinction in each of the past 5 years. we applaud their success and can't wait to see how they'll win over customers in the future."






      




meet our staff

we're confident in the quality of our service center, especially since our technicians are all certified with expertise in the ford brand.
view staff 



















join our team

are you an expert? whether it's sales or service, there might be a perfect fit for you on our team. fill out our quick form to be considered.
apply now   




            

ford dealership
located in leesburg, va

welcome to jerry's ford of leesburg! since 1973 we have been the premier ford dealership in the leesburg, virginia, area, serving ashburn, sterling, chantilly, and winchester. if you're looking for the best in sales and service on a new ford car, truck, or suv, we are your one-stop shop. there's only one thing we're more passionate about than ford vehicles, and that's customer service.

more about us


     




follow us on social media


                                 







address

860 trailview boulevard, se leesburg, va 20175

sales hours
    monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm     wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed    


     

a dealer that delivers

we are known in the area as the "dealer that delivers." we put everything into the customer service experience we offer. it all starts with our dedicated and experienced staff. we treat every customer like a valued member of our own family, with honesty, straight dealing, and all the undivided attention you need. 

we are known in the area as the "dealer that delivers." we put everything into the customer service experience we offer. it all starts with our dedicated and experienced staff. we treat every customer like a valued member of our own family, with honesty, straight dealing, and all the undivided attention you need. 
new and pre-owned

not only do we offer an unparalleled selection of new cars, we also have a wide inventory of pre-owned cars, trucks, and suvs from which to choose. even better, every one of our pre-owned vehicles undergoes a thorough inspection by our technicians to ensure that it will run exactly the way you want it to when you drive off the lot. check out our website to see all the vehicles we have in stock, and feel free to stop in and test drive any that spark your interest. 


deals and incentives

have any questions about payment plans, interest rates, bad or no-credit programs, loan terms or anything relating to financing, deals, and incentives? feel free to give us a call and we'll be happy to talk you through the entire process. we work with a wide range of local and national lenders and have plenty of programs to get you behind the wheel, no matter what your credit circumstances might be. 

we also have a range of ongoing and ever-changing deals and incentives for new graduates, military vets, and others. these deals change continually, so always check back to see what great offers we currently have to help you. when you drive off our lot, we want you to love your payment plan every bit as much as you adore the new car, suv, or truck you're taking home. 
ongoing service

the entire time you're driving your ford, you'll need the best in ongoing maintenance and service. that's where our ford master certified technicians come in. no matter how large or small the job, they'll keep you running just like new for years to come, with ford oem factory parts. we're also an authorized roush dealer for your mustang upfit jobs. 

if you want the best experience in buying a new ford in the leesburg region, stop in to jerry's ford of leesburg today.


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy  | your privacy choices  | additional disclosures jerry's leesburg ford | 860 trailview boulevard, se, leesburg, va 20175 | sales: 703-777-0000 |                



















             