



      welcome to the cyberspace world railroad
    










































railroad stock watch



yahoo! financequote for bni



site map








 railroad
              news from google news:
 



railroad movies

want to start a good argument? ask for a persons favorite railroad movie. every railroad list i have belonged to since the old days of usenet back in 1988 have debated this. i would like to come up with a definitive top 10 list, using my rules of course.the rules according to me:
							1) the train must play an integral part in the full movie. i don't consider "strangers on a train" to be in my definition of a train movie.
							2) subways are not "real trains". ok, i am going to take some heat for this but hey, my site and my rules. "the taking of pelham one two three" is not a train movie.
							3) thomas is not a real train. "the polar express" also fails the test.
							4) just because it has "train" in the title it's not always a train movie. "trainspotting" is not a train movie. 
							5) i would like to say the the movie must be realistic in it's treatment of how a real train operates, however that would leave less then a handful of movies. "runaway train" is a good example of the impossible, or at least implausible, but we'll allow it.
ok, so it's your turn to sound off. update: we are compiling the results and will post here soon!
          
puzzles this month:
jigsaw puzzle
sliding puzzle
ultimate puzzle








what's new


image extra
            will the real milwaukee road 35a please stand up?


ok, you like trains and railroad history, want to start a collection of some kind but what? how about railroad blotters?

hangman game
          waste more time on line!



image section
            passenger special on the ej&e




aerial image					
            joliet union station




proto drawing
             cnw standardsection house no. 1



oddity of the month
             ghostown!
















quick index
about | amtrak rail schedules | railroad links





all contents and images © 1994 - 2012 by daniel s. dawdy and ribbon rail productions
no part of this site may be used or reproduced on other sites or in print without the permission of










