









halifax initiative | a canadian coalition for global economic democracy



















jump to navigation





halifax initiative




français










after 20 years of public education and advocacy work on the international financial institutions, the halifax initiative closed its doors in early 2015. this website archives much of the coalition’s work since its formation in 1994. in 2015, a new organization, above ground, was established to build on the halifax initiative’s work on corporate accountability. learn more about above ground at www.aboveground.ngo.









  
 tax revenues in both northern and the southern countries are being eroded largely due to tax evasion by multinational corporations. we promote improved financial transparency, reform of global tax rules, and tax compliance as corporate and government accountability issues. see also, our tax justice resource list.
  







 tax justice and human rights: a collaborative symposium 
 a collaborative symposium for researchers, students and activists. june 18-20, 2014, mcgill university, montreal.  until recently, tax policy was a technical speciality left to experts. today, researchers, community groups and social justice activists are examining whether government tax policies lead to healthy communities and environments, support people in meeting their needs, and promote the achievement of basic human rights.   read more ...  

 beyond aid: supporting southern countries to raise their own resources for development”.   
 on wednesday, december 11, the halifax initiative is collaborating with ccic, inter pares and canadians for tax fairn   read more ...  

 lethal liabilities: the human costs of debt and capital flight 
 the relationship between debt and capital flight is a vicious cycle. this is a reprint of a short article from third world quarterly about the relationship between debt and illicit financial flows.   read more ...  










  
 the overseas operations of canadian companies can generate significant harm to communities and environments. the victims of corporate abuse often lack access to impartial domestic courts and face tremendous hurdles accessing the canadian judiciary. by working to improve foreign claimants’ access to canadian courts, we seek to deter abusive corporate practice and to ensure that aggrieved parties are afforded remedy.
  







 halifax initiative support for bill 52 
 letter of support for bill 52 (formerly bill 83), currently before the ontario legislature, which affords protections to public interest organizations threatened with slapp (strategic lawsuit against public participation) suits.
   read more ...  

 video: international suits against multinational companies 
 on november 3, the halifax initiative and amnesty international convened a panel discussion entitled:   read more ...  

 global experts speak on suing multinational companies 
 media advisory   read more ...  

 washington hearing on overseas mining sector 
 on october 28 representatives of the cnca called on canada to fulfill its international obligations by creating effec   read more ...  

 nov 3 public event on international lawsuits against multinational companies 
 on monday november 3, the halifax initiative and amnesty international will host a public session titled "lawsuits ag   read more ...  










  
 the canadian government provides significant financing for the public and private sectors through domestic and international financial institutions. we seek the adoption of enhanced transparency and accountability measures regarding the operations of export development canada and the world bank.
  







 hi report cited by business intelligence service 
 a service to provide the private sector with intelligence on 'emerging and frontier' markets owned by the christian science monitor quotes a case study produced by halifax initiative and justiça nos trilhos.    read more ...  

 hi seeks answers re edc financing to petrobras 
 information request to edc regarding financing it provided to petrobras and brookfield asset management. both companies are being investigated for corrupt practices in brazil.
   read more ...  

 export credit agencies and human rights: failure to protect 
 new publication on export credit and human rights. the document features a case study on export development canada and brazilian mining company vale.
   read more ...  

 protecting our common future: an assessment of canada's fast-start climate finance 
 this year, a coalition of development and environment organizations commissioned an independent assessment of canada’s fast-start climate finance program. the assessment raises serious concerns about canada’s willingness to support developing countries cope with the impacts of climate change.   read more ...  











about usgoals and objectiveshistory and key achievementscode of conductour fundersour membersvolunteering at hiinstitutionsexport credit agenciesinternational monetary fundworld bank groupother - g8, g20 and unissuesaidcanada, the bank and fundconditionalitystructural adjustment programs in canadacorporate accountabilitymining mapdebtfinancing for developmenthuman rightsifi accountabilityresourcesacronymskey ifi contactscalendar of eventscurrent and past eventsconference: what's missing in the response to the global financial crisis?glossary of termstax justice resourceslinkspublicationspodcastspress roomstatements and submissionscontact us






other interests


  
 canadian organizations welcome first step toward extractive industry transparency 	 

 barrick fined; pascua lama suspended 

 issue update - august 31, 2012 

 communities and government officials redraw borders that  barrick seeks to dissolve 

 issue update, june 2012 

 desperately seeking sanction: canadian extractive companies and their public partners 

 monthly issue update - january 31, 2012 

 chilean and argentine organizations question edc due diligence 

 eca-watch urges un to address human rights impact of export credit 

 monthly issue update - november 30, 2011 

 eca-watch comments on draft revision of oecd common approaches 

 centre for excellence workshop on un guiding principles 

 monthly issue update - june 30, 2011 

 bringing canadian mining to justice 

 monthly issue update - may 31, 2011 

 cso statement on un and human rights 

 international cso statement: a professional approach to selecting the imf boss 

 globe and mail quotes hi - march 23, 2011 
 


    more  









