






public health consulting & food safety consultants | eha consulting group




































b






about eha group


media


resources


contact us















eha consulting group, inc.
environmental & public health consultants since 1980












 












                                search the website
                            


















                                home
                            



                                food safety
                            

food safety overview
3rd party food safety auditing

food ingredient safety

certifications
composition & components
contamination risks & evaluation
haccp analysis
packaging
product integrity
regulatory compliance
safe processes & manufacturing
second party handling risks
specification diligence
storage risks
supplier/vendor best practice 

food safety check-up
food safety training
food safety faq
nyc abc restaurant inspections
nyc health inspection white paper

food safety by industry

drug & cosmetic services
melons & cantaloupes
manufacturers
produce
restaurant retailers
warehouses


food truck food safety
haccp plans
laboratory surveillance 



                                food packaging
                            

food packaging overview
documentation & procurement
facility & manufacturing safety
food packaging safety checklist
food packaging safety guidance (pdf)
insurance
legal
post-crisis guidance & corrections
program safety and compliance
regulatory compliance
supplier qualifications
food packaging safety articles 



                                contact us
                            

























control & contamination
eha provides expert support from farm to table
learn more about how eha can help







confused about pathogens?
eha provides general information about a number of pathogens - foodborne, nosocomial and bioaerosols.
learn more in the eha pathogen index







making the grade in new york
eha assists before, during and after the “nyc food safety” inspection process
learn more about how eha can help







control & contamination
eha provides expert support from farm to table
learn more about how eha can help







fresh, processed and ready-to-eat foods
fresh and processed food safety experts supporting industry and consumers
learn more about how eha can help







previous



next






eha consulting group: public health consulting & food safety consultants

 





food safety
for ever 35 years eha has been on the cutting edge of multi-faceted food safety program management and implementation for their clients.
learn more
 



food packaging
food packaging is a critical component of the food manufacturing process. eha's team includes experts with over 20 years in the food packaging industry.
learn more
 



public health
eha's team of public health consultants includes microbiologists, epidemiologists and former regulators ready to assist you with all public health matters.
learn more
 





about eha consulting group
with over 44 years of experience in the fields of public and environmental health, eha has built a solid reputation for providing outstanding service - 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
should you desire more detailed information about our credentials, experience or capabilities please contact us. 

how we can help

you want to make sure your company is prepared for a public health disaster.
you need to know if your existing safety and quality program meet up-to-date industry-standards and expectations.
 







                        	eha uncovers “fish switch” as cause of ciguatera outbreak
                        



                        	eha provides insurance client with contributing 3rd party facts in advance of costly claim settlement
                        



                        	eha field inspector identifies dangerous condition, takes decisive action to protect and correct
                        
 






case study: outbreak
eha consulted on what initially appeared to be a classic food poisoning outbreak. after dining on rockfish at a local seafood restaurant, patrons presented with gastro-intestinal and neurological symptoms, identified as foodborne ciguatera toxin contamination. regulators were surprised, as ciguatera toxin is not typically found in rockfish.
following an investigation, eha was able to determine that grouper, served to diners in place of rockfish, was the source of the ciguatera toxin. eha assisted affected persons in getting proper medical attention and provided post-event guidance...
 read the full outbreak response case study







case study: inspection
a routine food service field inspection quickly became a serious contamination risk event when an eha auditor observed a malfunction in the condensate handling system of an onsite refrigeration unit. the potential existed for food, storage surfaces and skin to be contaminated with the pathogen listeria monocytogenes
eha coordinated all corrective actions including notifications, discard of contaminated and at-risk foods, issuance of a work order with a licensed commercial refrigeration technician, and sanitizing protocols leading to effective restoration of safe operation.
eha’s expertise, diligence and actions prevented contaminated food from being served to our client customers, thru preventing a food borne outbreak and a considerable calamity for the client...
 read the full inspection case study


 




 

media & press




                   	blog
            	

fda recall of hand sanitizer june 28, 2020
eha group provides food safety testing for buzzfeed september 8, 2016
dr. kramer of eha consulting group speaks to nbc los angeles about swimming pool safety may 07, 2015
training food service employees may 28, 2014
changes to nutrition and labeling may 02, 2014

read the eha blog 



                        	articles
                        


read the article: getting a handle on pest control in restuarants in nyc march 6, 2019


cdc warnings on romaine lettuce and leafy greens december 8, 2018


raw poultry: the legal history, public policy, and consumer behavior february 11, 2014


health department issues food safety and water guidelines for new yorkers as power is restored in some areas november 05, 2012


new york: new beverage portion rule for food service establishments september 13, 2012


see the full collection of news & articles
read food packaging safety articles










                        	media appearances
                        
eha has over 35 years of experience in serving the legal and insurance communities. we serve as subject matter experts for fact finding, discovery, depositions and expert testimony.
unlike many other firms we are not only legal experts but maintain an active and substantial hands-on practice in the areas in which we provide legal assistance.
view more media appearances





				    resources
				

pathogen index
the eha pathogen index provides general information about a number of pathogens - foodborne, nosocomial and bioaerosols.

learn about campylobacter.
what is escherichia coli (e. coli)?
what is norovirus?

view the pathogen index

				    white papers
				
eha has a wealth of white papers for you to read and download.

recognizing and avoiding food packaging safety related risks
food allergens: a comprehensive approach for food processors to prevent unintended allergens in their foodstuffs.
how to protect your business from customer allergic reactions.

see the full collection of white papers 









home


contact us


about us


media





resources

pathogen index
articles
case studies
white papers
allergen resources 






food safety




food ingredient safety






food packaging




epi-health












							© 2025 eha consulting group, inc. all rights reserved. | eha consulting group: expert consultants in food safety investigations.

sitemap



























