 




just 4 bubs | parenting blog





































skip to content
 



07 97642468information@just4bubs.com.au 












contact us








 

home
clothing
baby boxes
postnatal depression
about us
contact
 



 









 






							8						

							feb						

2025





finding the best kindergarten for your child 

jemima harisonkindergarten 
dandenong offers different kindergarten options for parents and children’s early education. most of these programs focus on play-based learning and help prepare children for primary school.
what you should know about kindergarten
kindergarten is a preschool providing early education for children for two years before they start primary school. these programs are available in different settings including community kindergartens, childcare centers, and schools. they are either managed by volunteer parent committees or not-for-profit early-year managers.
you can find kindergarten programs for three-year-olds. children should be 3 years old to be eligible. eligible children attend a sessional program that offers 15 hours of kindergarten per week. they have an integrated program that combines kindergarten and childcare.
4-year-old kindergartens need children to be 4. these, too, offer 15 hours of kindergarten per week.
what you need to know before enrolling your child in kindergarten

before your child starts kindergarten, visit the kindergarten service to know which one meets your needs. find a list of kindergartens in the greater dandenong area and on their website.
contact the kindergarten to know about vacancies and review their timetables. you can e-mail children’s services for more information.
follow the kindergarten enrollment procedure. it might include submitting forms and providing necessary documentation.

types of kindergarten in dandenong

majority of kindergartens offer a play-based curriculum that focuses on the children’s life experiences. they encourage deeper learning and connection.
if you’re looking for a warm, caring, and safe environment for your child, consider going to dandenong kindergarten. your children will learn to interact positively with others. it will strengthen their emotional intelligence so they are well-prepared for their future.
some kindergartens accommodate children up to five years and offer a vibrant and stimulating environment. visit the kindergarten to get an idea of what exactly it is that you’re looking for.
look for programs that nurture carefree, healthy children and inspire a lifelong love of learning.
if your child has additional needs, preschool field officers provide support. they collaborate with their educators, specialists, and families to support learning and transition. get a referral from a parent or a kindergarten teacher.
children must be up to date with their immunizations to attend kindergarten. you can get more information through the department of education and training.

kindergarten prepares your child for primary school. it helps them transition smoothly into formal education. most kindergartens have transition programs, which include school readiness programs. they help children develop skills that are required to succeed in school. children are taught basic literacy, numeracy, and emotional regulation.
most kindergartens offer support for children with additional needs. these may include speech and language support. some children need help with communication, and they have been provided with speech therapy and collaboration with specialists.
most kindergartens are committed to inclusivity. they ensure that children, regardless of their background and ability, have access to quality early education.
explore kindergarten centers in dandenong by visiting their facilities and observing their classes.

					read more				







 






							23						

							jan						

2025





all you should know about daycare in paddington, australia 

jemima harisonkindergarten 
knowing when to enrol a child in daycare is important for parents living in paddington, australia. as the demand for decent daycare increases, it is vital for parents to know the best time to consider daycare and associated factors guaranteeing the safety and development of the child. hence, this article will pinpoint some undeniable signs that hint to parents that it is time to start thinking about daycare in paddington.

signs you should consider daycare services

your child is reaching toddlerhood

as kids grow, they interact with others around them. daycare should be kept in mind as an option when the child is about 12 months of age so that they can mingle with others. the daycare centres in paddington are for safety and take kids through building up social skills, independence, and emotional growth by playing and interacting.

you need childcare support

daycare can be relied upon to meet the needs of your family if you are busy working or busy with your activities. working from early morning to late afternoon, daycare services enable the parent to attend to other duties, giving the reassurance that the child is safe and involved. if consistent childcare is what you need, looking at daycare options is important.

you want to enhance your child’s learning experience

good daycare centres provide educational programs for children of different ages. if you want to boost your child’s learning, enrolling the child in a local daycare in paddington would put them ahead with educational tools, structured activities, and imagination. these programs teach children a love of learning, setting the foundation for their following schooling years.

your child has separation anxiety

many small children feel anxious when they are away from their parents or caregivers. daycare is there to help with the prolonged separation from home and, hence, helps to build up confidence and independence within a child. your child will meet other caregivers and form friendships in daycare, which will ease separation burdens.

you want a well-balanced and healthy routine for your child

one of the aspects of a child’s development includes maintaining a steady routine. paddington has established daycare centres that mix playtime and learning activities with rest so that children can receive a well-rounded schedule. if you want your child to have a schedule where every day he/she engages in learning, play, and rest, considering what is on offer at your local daycare centres can help.

concerns about socialization opportunities

in a suburb like paddington, it can really be lonely for any child looking for playtime with their peers. mostly, daycare centres offer children very good opportunities to interact and play, which also provides a good practical ground for establishing their social skills. if you think your child may be missing socialization opportunities, then girls or boys may be encouraged to be in daycare.

knowing when to consider paddington’s daycare options is vital for your child’s developmental growth and dynamics for your family. being on the lookout for signs and symptoms that may warrant daycare is one way to ensure your child gets the care, support, and learning experiences they need in their early developmental stages. quality daycare for your child really enhances their personal development and helps settle your mind, knowing they are in safe hands. it is important that you investigate different daycare options in paddington to find out what works best for you and your family.
 

					read more				









							17						

							jul						

2024





how can one evaluate daycare programs in crestmead? 

jemima harisonuncategorized 
the daycare program that you choose for your child determines their development and well being. for this reason, you have to make sure that you select the right daycare program for your child in crestmead. unfortunately, most parents have a very hard time choosing the right daycare program for their kids especially because the process…

					read more				







 






							31						

							may						

2021





why you should send your child to preschool instead of home-schooling them 

jemima harisonkindergarten 
when it comes to education of your child you might want what is best for them. every parent knows that each child is unique and when it comes to learning each of them might have different developmental milestone. there are parents who are often concerned about the quality of education which that child might receive…

					read more				









							29						

							nov						

2020





tips for securing iso9001 accreditation 

jemima harisonlessons 
an iso 9001 accreditation is important for any business. securing the accreditation is simpler if you keep the following steps in mind: make sure that you are prepared to receive the iso 9001 accreditation you need to follow all of the following steps in order to ensure that your business is able to secure an…

					read more				







 






							22						

							jul						

2020





mistakes that people in darwin make when they are starting child care centres 

jemima harisonkindergarten 
when you start child care in darwin, you should think about it as if you are beginning any other type of business. this is because most people who start child care centres fail after spending so much money in the beginning.   the rising demand for child care services has always made child care centre business…

					read more				







 






							15						

							jul						

2020





top reasons to send children to day care centres 

jemima harisonchildcare 
parents that place their children in daycare centres are often misjudged by people stating that parents should be the only caregivers. however, both parents working to support their families are a modern reality. whether both parents work to support their families or work because they want to is not the issue. the issue is with…

					read more				







 






							17						

							jun						

2020





art supplies online 

jemima harisonlessons 
you’ll find that there are many art supplies online all around australia. the best idea is to check out those that have online stores in your area. you’ll be able to select your art supplies, and when you order them, you’ll receive them quickly. ordering art supplies online is like walking into an art supply store and choosing the things you need. the only difference is that you won’t have an art supply salesperson to ask any questions. however, many of the art supply online stores have customer support, and you can still get answers to your questions before you order any supplies. next up, what you order all depends on whether you are an artist or a beginning artist who wants to get creative.

1. colouring books
if you want to get creative with colours, you might consider purchasing some adult colouring books. there is a wide range of choices and many different subjects you can choose to colour. imagine colouring beautiful mountain vistas or lovely flowers that set your imagination dancing. colouring books for adults also help to relieve everyday stress as you colour and enjoy yourself. many adults choose these for their leisure time hobby.

2. colouring pens
if you choose to colour, you’ll need to purchase colouring pens. there are special pens in all kinds of colours that you can use for adult colouring books. they bring out a much more professional look to the picture instead of colouring with crayons. leave the crayons to the kids and choose the colouring pens and pencils.

3. paint-by-number
perhaps you want to imagine being a real artist. another way to enjoy your leisure time and take way stress is to choose paint-by-number kits. you can find many different kinds of canvases that already have the picture drawn on them with numbers. you follow the numbers, and you’ll have a professional-looking painting done when you finish. most of these paint-by-number sets come with all you need to paint and enjoy yourself.

4. paintbrushes
you might also consider purchasing some paintbrushes separately from what the pain-by-number sets provide. they can be useful to have on hand if you decide to venture out on your own in art and painting.

5. easels
even though you are not a professional artist, you can think about purchasing an easel. there are small easels available that you can set up on a table. it can make things easier for you when you paint-by-number or even if you choose to create a painting of your own.
 

6. sketchbooks
perhaps you have drawing talent, but never thought about making a collection of pictures. you can choose from art supplies online many different kinds of sketchbooks in various sizes. it can be helpful to see your progress by having your drawings all in one place. you can take your sketchbook anywhere and sketch the scenes you see or even flowers and other interesting things.

7. graphite pencils
if you choose to sketch in a sketchbook, it is good to purchase some graphite pencils. you can use these types of pencils to create simple drawings and even highly detailed ones. graphite pencils can be bought through art supplies separately or in sets. if you purchase a set of graphite pencils, they’ll have numbers on them that correspond to the graphite’s hardness.

8. art books
whatever you choose and whatever level of artistic talent you have, you might also be interested in checking some art books. if you are beginning to venture into the world of art, many constructive books can get you started drawing and painting. more advanced books can be helpful to those who need additional tips for sketching and painting.
 

					read more				







 






							1						

							dec						

2019





boarding schools in qld 

jemima harisonlessons 
why boarding school? boarding schools provide children and teenagers with an opportunity to learn basic life skills and at the same time, give them a chance to access high-quality education programs. benefits students gain by attending a boarding school by attending a boarding school, you position your teenagers and children to gain benefits that go…

					read more				







 






							21						

							nov						

2019





kindergarten nerang: helping your kindergartener achieve academic success 

jemima harisonkindergarten 
the day you child starts kindergarten, marks for one of the most important events in their life. it is at kindergarten nerang that they would make new friends, meet new people and develop a relationship with their peers. however, it should be kept in mind that the parents would still be the major influencers in their child’s life.
while the primary focus at kindergarten would be acquiring reading and writing skills, there is a great deal more your child would learn. at kindergarten your children would learn to recognize and sound out the alphabets. plus they would also learn to form words using the sounds of these letters. kids are taught a whole list of high frequency words which are often used in most of their books. the ability to recognize those words quickly would help your child excel at reading and later on writing as well.
starting kindergarten can be pretty overwhelming for your child. the sudden shift from preschool where the environment is different can be a sudden change. some children may take longer to adapt to a schedule while others adjust accordingly. on the other hand children should be encouraged to pursue academic activities at home as well.
whatever they learn at school should be reinforced at home as well. this would help them make memorize things earlier. while academically children can move ahead at a faster pace, but at the same time they learn to do things on their own and become independent in their thinking. they decide to form friendships based on their preference. also they learn important social sills which help them work in teams and make lasting relationships with their peers.

socially intelligent children tend to perform well academically as well. since they are less stressed about their experiences they are eager to learn more. the following tips from the teachers at kindergarten nerang, can help your children achieve academic success at school:

encourage your child to read as much as they can. this is because children who read at an early age are often more successful as they grow older. instead of reading aloud to your child, encourage your child to start reading on their own. start with picture books and slowly progress to books with a few sentences.
try to make your children enjoy the outdoors. children are fascinated by everything around them. helping them develop an interest in their surroundings and talking about it is quite helpful in allowing them to express themselves freely.
encourage them to hold a pencil even if they just use it for doodling. this is because holding a pencil helps them develop their motor sills which would come in handy when they learn to trace alphabets and sounds.
allow children to copy out the words from their favorite story books. not only would it improve their writing skill but enhance their concept of connecting sight words with written words.

find a leading kindergarten in nerang that will help train and develop your child.
 

					read more				







 






							12						

							mar						

2018





choosing the right child care 

jemima harisonchildcare 
step by step guidelines choosing the right child care coorparoo
parents are sometimes left without a choice but to leave their child to someone else’s care, it can be because of work, domestic responsibilities, school and the like. finding childcare for your child or children can be a very hard task especially that you want to ensure that you get what your family needs.
4 steps choosing the right child care coorparoo
coorparoo is a town in queensland, australia, known for its fast pace nature, hence people living in their community are most of the time busy with their professions. it is very fortunate that child care in coorparoo is available to ensure that the welfare of their children is well taken care of while they perform their other responsibilities, domestically or professionally.
to make this option a success to coorparoo community, below are step by step guidelines worth to consider

step 1. start early
it is necessary that you start your search as early as possible. if you expect a new baby is coming, start researching your choices now! you may possibly need to get on the waiting list even before the baby is born. whether you are considering care in someone else’s house or a child care centre, looking for the right and best child care option may need some time.
learn about the available types of child care and start thinking which amongst the type can suit your children’s personal style and family’s needs best.
step 2. visit and inquire
spare time visiting the child care alternatives you are considering and prepare a list of questionnaires that you are curious to know about each program and make note of indicators of qualities you are looking for. indicators can be:

ratio of adult to child
group size
qualifications of their caregivers
turnover
accreditation

additionally, you may want to ask for references, like families who attended and previously attended the program you choose.
step 3. create an informed option
take advantage of all sources available to gather information on each program.

spend some time reviewing inspection reports meant for your state, in this article in child care coorparoo. check if they have violations that would concern you. if there are evident patterns of repeated or uncorrected violations, that may be a sign that they are not the right one to choose
call references and ask them questions about their experiences and take note of all the necessary information they will share
consider the things you saw when you had your child care visit, what you found out from references and inspections. are you happy with the safety and health measures are done to protect children, are you comfortable with the amount of security of the program, are you satisfied with their responses to your questions? do you think the environment is conducive enough for your children to enjoy?

step 4. keep yourself involved
your responsibility should not end after finding a good child care program for your child, you need to be involved all throughout, like meeting up with the caregivers regularly and ask for your child’s progress, joining special events or occasions and the like. this can give you an assurance that the program is working towards your child’s better welfare and not the other way.
as a parent, you have a lot of responsibilities on your plate, and using the step by step guidelines above, you can maximise the benefit you could get from child care in coorparoo.
 

					read more				







 






							8						

							feb						

2018





townsville child care centre 

jemima harisonchildcare 
your child’s second home
unfortunately, as much as parents want to stay with their children 24 hours a day 7 days a week, there are other responsibilities they need to manage in order to provide their children a better future. considering townsville care centre can somehow lessen their worries in living their children as they perform these important responsibilities.
with the number of child care centres around townsville, there is definitely one out there that perfectly suit to your family’s needs and can comply to your standards. care centre is your child’s second home, so setting high standards is a must.
expectations on townsville care centre
there are many things a parent expects when they bring their children to a child care, part of their expectations are:

high quality of care to their children, offering before and after school and vacation care
bus service that can send their children to centre safely and back to their homes
a good atmosphere that can let their children enjoy
available books and toys their children can play with
a highly secure and safe playground
highly qualified professionals that can encourage their children to learn new things and enhance their personal skills
food prepared during meal time are healthy and nutritious


to ensure that you find success letting your children participate in care centre’s different programs, as a parent, it is your responsibility to:

seek updates from professionals on your child’s progress
before going to bed make sure to talk to your children on how their day was, let them share with you new things they learned and first time experiences
make sure to participate to activities, such as family events
get along well not just with the teachers or caregivers but also co-parents

and most of all, it is your responsibility to find the right care centre for your child. in finding one, you may include:

location – where is it located in townsville? it is best if the care centre is just few blocks away your home
reputation – were they able to establish a good name in the industry of care and learning centres? number of years they are providing help to families can be a good indication of their excellence in this field
communication lines – how well they discuss their platforms, goals and responsibilities to the parents? availability of communication lines, email and mobile to cite an example, can help, especially parents with busy schedules, be updated to their children’s status and progress

after your child finishes the program, you should expect:

their social skills, like dealing with other children, improves
their interest to different things like books and other learning materials increases
their communication skills enhanced
easier time sending and leaving them to a proper school
they will be more responsible, like arranging their toys after playing

before you even get your child to any care centre in townsville, meeting with their professional teachers and care specialists or caregivers is necessary. speaking with them can give you an idea on what to expect from them.
townsville care centre can give parents huge help in terms of juggling their busy schedule and letting their children explore and learn new things while being taken care of the most sensible manner possible.

					read more				







 






							14						

							dec						

2017





dance classes 

jemima harisonlessons 
top 4 dance classes in sydney
being in a proper dancing position will make you outstanding in the midst of a crowd. it will give a polished look in your dancing, nevertheless, this doesn’t just come. that’s why there are dance classes in sydney that are specifically made for you irrespective of your expertise in dancing. whether you are a beginner, an amateur or an expert, you can always find a place a learning platform to advance your dancing. whichever the style you want to learn, the instructors are as well ready to teach you.
most of the dance classes in sydney begin from noon to around 10 pm during weekdays but when it comes on saturday, they start as early as 9 am to afternoon hours. there are various dancing styles that are taught in sydney; some of them include reggae ton, dancehall, hip pop, jazz, funk, salsa, belly dance, blues, burlesque, bollywood, afro-fusion, ballet, modern tango, music theatre, animation etc. you can also book for private tuitions if you don’t want to be public.
some good news about dancing
according to a report released by australian bureau of statistics in 2012, 87.7% of elderly people were struggling with high blood pressure; a condition that is mostly caused by stress, lack of exercises and poor diet. physical exercises and routines can be of help in reducing fat accumulation and allow super circulation of blood. the good news is that instead of going for those high-intensity exercises and gym, you can always have a more fun form of exercising by the dancing. the best thing about dancing is that you not only improve your health but also you learn new dancing styles. hip-hop, salsa and some spices of samba dance are an ultimate way of enjoying yet keeping fit.  let’s look at the top 5 dance classes in sydney.

top 4 classic dance classes in sydney
reduce some stress levels whilst becoming a dancing expert. the following dance classes are the most enjoyed and very popular in sydney:

salsa dance classes

this is the most common dance styles not only in australia but also in the world. it is can be described as a fast-moving, high energy type of latin dance that very impressing to the eye but very easy to learn the dance moves. if you have a personality in that you like being happy, this should be your dance. be ready for faster footwork, some crazy-flirty spins and definitely a lot of fun.

cha cha dance classes

this is one of the most favourites of many people. it is great for beginners because of its simple steps which are easy to learn. be ready for some fascinating funs, great hip movements, and often knee bending and straightening. it is the most popular in any social dancing scope.

ballroom dance classes

this basically refers to a number of dancing styles like waltz, tango, and foxtrot. these dances are distinctive with gliding moves, and smooth motions. it is common in various competitions. if you want to keep fit then this is the class to attend. the foundation of ballroom dance is the foxtrot style.

latin dance classes

if you are looking for a fast-paced dance characterised by hip action and vibrant sensuality, then this is the dance. it is very common around the world. if you want to bring some passion into your life, you can consider this dance style. the great starting point of this dance is merengue style.
 
in sydney city, you will find these and more other dancing styles that you will enjoy. their classes are tailored to suit you, regardless of your experience or temperament.

					read more				







 






							8						

							dec						

2017





why you should enroll your child at an early learning centre 

jemima harisonkindergarten 
there are a great many benefits of enrolling your child at an early learning centre. if you are wondering why you should be doing so, you are at the right place. smart parenting involves giving your child the best foundation years of their life so they grow into intelligent and socially aware individuals. going to a good school would ensure their curriculum is at its best but being socially intelligent is pretty much important too. a child who is empathetic and aware of his surrounding fares much better in the world the basic aim of early child hood education is to shape the child’s personality in much a way to help them be prepared for all kinds of challenges ahead of them.
the following are a few benefits of a good early childhood education. these include:
positive affect on your child’s learning ability
not all children learn at the same pace, but the push in the right direction can help make them the most of their learning abilities. children have a limited time to learn the most they can at school but the ability to learn is actually unlimited. childhood education encourages your child to make the best of their potential. so by the time your child is ready to enter kindergarten they are well aware of their abilities and have a certain edge over their peers. this helps your child become more confident and easily able to face all learning challenges.

builds communication skills
we all know younger children have trouble communicating their ideas and thoughts in a positive way. the inability to use their words may frustrate them and result in slightly anti-social behavior. however at an early learning center your child is taught to communicate hi thoughts and idea in a positive manner. the teachers are especially trained to help younger children learn the basic communicating skills.
teamwork
not all children know the importance of team work. as they grow older this might have a negative impact on their school life. children need to learn early on that working in a team is always more beneficial. this spirit of team work is taught to them at all child care centers. they learn to communicate with their peers. share their things and ideas in a positive manner and wait for their turn. this is something which can’t be taught at home that easily. but at a school they would learn it in good time.
helps with physical and mental development
when your child is enrolled in a child care center they are benefiting completely from it as a whole. not only are their minds nurtured but the facilitators work on improving the mental and social skills as well. plus they can use their unlimited energy in physical endeavors which would make them grow stronger and healthier. they are used to schedule so it makes them ready o listen to their parents schedule as well.
so what are you waiting for? make sure you enroll your child at a day care centre in cranbourne.

					read more				







 






							13						

							nov						

2017





childcare options 

jemima harisonchildcare 
the choice of a day-care should be a thoughtful decision, but also a matter of trust. both parents should like the chosen day-care, so that they transmit security to the child. choosing a daycare means asking many questions and being an observer. start looking for a centre about six months before enrolling your child (the best ones fill up quickly) and use this list to find one that meets some minimum requirements.
find a daycare that has an outside play area. children should play outdoors in the open air each day due to the fact that running and jumping is good for their physical, mental and social development. if the best day care do not have a large enough outdoor play area, make sure they have at least a lot of indoor play space.
a good day-care should offer a welcoming environment and their employees should have a patient and understanding attitude with the little ones. this is important mostly for the little ones that are the ones that are in an adapting process.
it is important that the centre is flexible and allow you to drop off and pick up your children at different times, but you must also have very clear rules about how it works, from what hours it is open until what their emergency plans are.

                             skilled and motivated employees
day-care employees should have a college degree of at least two years of college or community college, with training in child development, preschool education, and first aid training for young children.
observe how employees interact with children. caregivers should be always responsible, very enthusiastic and most important well prepared. find people who share your philosophy and your same habits regarding baby’s routines such as sleep time, discipline, nutrition and other important aspects of child care. a good daycare will try to keep small groups to stimulate interaction and development.
another thing to keep in mind is that if the centre offers good working conditions to its employees, they will remain in that place of work and your child will not have to change teachers frequently.
stimulating and appropriate activities according to age
the best day care centres have structured hours that include a lot of time for physical activities, times for children to relax, group programs, individual activities, meals, snacks and free time.
it is not common, however you can find daycares that offers videos activities. television and videos should have little room during that time. if the videos are part of the activities, make sure they are appropriate for the age of the children and they have something educational, such as teaching about other cultures, caring for the animals, etc. an excellent child care or kindergarten in north lakes can make a substantial difference to their development. a good program should stimulate the development of your child and make your daily life easier.
find a daycare that offers a wide variety of toys that are appropriate for your child’s age, that also stimulate their development and help them to be creative, inducing imaginative play as they grow.
if you have to prepare your child’s lunch at home, find out what standards that day-care has for food. some day-cares ask that only nutritious foods be included and they do not allow sweets for the sake of the children. if the day-care provides meals, find out if they cover all food groups and encourage good nutritional habits. this is especially important if your child has an allergy to any food. see this website for further details.

					read more				









							21						

							aug						

2017





how to swaddle a baby properly 

jemima harisonswaddlingbaby, sleeping, swaddling, warmthleave a comment 
bring comfort and warmth to the little one.

now that your child is born you have to be a good parent, and that means much work! nevertheless, we are here to help you out with your endeavor, and so we will teach you to make a swaddle to keep your baby comfortable and warm.


history of swaddling


swaddling is an ancient practice of wrapping your child in blankets or cloth to restrict movement of the baby, keeping it safe and warm.
this practice had popularity because it was thought it would prevent physical deformities. as such, babies were swaddled until about 8 or 9 months with linen bands from head to toe.
however, this particular way of swaddling fell out of favor in the 17th century as doctors at the time saw swaddling as a technique that restricted the movement of the child, making his body tender and unable to bear pressure.
nevertheless, the ancient way of swaddling was eventually replaced by a more friendly way involving cotton blankets and specialized baby swaddles. the popularity of swaddling was grown as a means to soothe irritable infants, and to help the baby sleep more.


how to properly swaddle your baby


it is imperative to swaddle your child correctly because if you wrap it very tightly, his blood flow can be affected. also, you must make sure the swaddle is done in such a way that the baby can move his legs freely at the hip, allowing for proper hip development. for this, use a large blanket.
you also must be aware of sids (sudden infant death syndrome) that is occurs when an entirely healthy baby suddenly dies from suffocation. to prevent this do not: swaddle your baby too tight as i mentioned above; swaddle a pacifier into your child’s mouth; keep it laid on his back; use a firm mattress in the baby’s crib; remove excess pillows and stuffed animals from the crib.
as such, you are ready and informed to begin swaddling your baby.
firstly, lay down a thin blanket on a flat surface and arrange it in a diamond shape. ensure the black is very thin, so the baby does not overheat.
secondly, fold down the top corner of the blanket making the fold as same as the child is tall.
thirdly, lay down the baby ensuring that his neck is in the fold. make sure the baby’s head and body are properly supported when you do this.
gently place one of the arms parallel to the child’s body and hold it, then pull one of the blanket corners (the same as the arm you are holding) to the other side of the body and tuck it underneath the baby.
after that, place the other arm parallel to the body, same as before, and pull the bottom corner of the blanket to the center of his shoulders, tucking it behind the baby’s left shoulder. leave room in the legs to allow free movement within the swaddle.
finally, pull the remaining corner over your baby’s front tucking it under the baby’s back.
congratulations! you now have properly swaddle your child making him warm and, most importantly, safe. this cozy little swaddle you have done for him will get him to sleep much better and peacefully


					read more				


 











advertisment

latest posts


finding the best kindergarten for your child


all you should know about daycare in paddington, australia


how can one evaluate daycare programs in crestmead?


why you should send your child to preschool instead of home-schooling them


tips for securing iso9001 accreditation


mistakes that people in darwin make when they are starting child care centres


top reasons to send children to day care centres


art supplies online


boarding schools in qld


kindergarten nerang: helping your kindergartener achieve academic success


baby sleeping
https://www.justforbubs.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/757041_110401722479613_1165205419_n.mp4tagsbaby
sleeping
swaddling
warmth
categories

childcare

kindergarten

lessons

swaddling

uncategorized


baby dancinghttps://www.justforbubs.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/videoplayback.mp4 











                                    © all right reserved 2017                                




                                    education base by acme themes 





























