








pilates bodies | strengthen, stretch & align























































home
learn about

benefits of pilates
what is pilates


services and rates

class information
class schedule
rates


about us

meet our instructors
see our studio


specialized services

pink ribbon program
corealign
pilates for pregnancy


contact
sign up
 


select page


  
 
 










strengthen, stretch and align

we at pilates bodies are committed to creating an environment that energizes and at the same time relaxes you, strengthens and stretches your body and empowers you to lead a healthy, self-fulfilling life.

get started















about us

welcome to pilates

whether you’re new to the pilates method, or you’re already familiar with its many life‑improving benefits, we invite you to join us at pilates bodies.
our focus is on enhancing the quality of life for every client—through the proven physical and mental conditioning techniques developed by the visionary health and fitness pioneer, joseph h. pilates in the early 1900s.








benefits of pilates

pilates is an alternative method of personal strength training and conditioning that incorporates the whole body, rather than isolated muscles. by exercising muscle groups rather than individual muscles, the pilates method enables you to tone and tighten, build strength and flexibility—without adding bulk. as your core strength increases, you will build longer, leaner muscles, improve postural alignment and develop better breathing and concentration techniques. best of all, pilates workouts are tailored to each client’s fitness level and needs.

sign up







 









a message from the owner



“i would like to personally welcome you to the pilates bodies family! client relationships are of the utmost importance to us and we always welcome any comments, feedback or suggestions to better our studio. please feel free to email me directly if you have any questions or comments about the studio, our instructors, class schedules, etc.



contact

call us at: 303.394.6002
address:
6110 east colfax avenue, unit 3
denver, co 80220
email us at: info@pilatesbodiesofdenver.com

follow us

followfollow









all rights reserved pilates bodies



designed and developed by blu bambu



 












