







mycological society of san francisco
























 




home
calendar
membership


about
join
renew



meetings


info & schedule
map & directions



mycena news


about the mycena news
current 
                  issue (members only)
past issues



fungus fairs


info
species lists
posters



forays
photos
culinary


culinary group
culinary group guidelines (pdf)
cookbook



education
cultivation
identification
toxicology
miscellanea


history
mushroom watercolors
links



members only


latest mycena news
for members only
library




contact











next general meeting

february 18 2025, 7:30 pm 
guest speaker-
alan rockefeller


in-person at the randall museum for id and social time (starting at 6:30).
more information
the meeting will also be accessible virtually:
join the zoom meeting


upcoming events


the culinary group's next dinner will be on monday march 3rd -  "st. patrick's mushroom night" 
culinary group events are open to mssf members and their guests.





in case of poisoning:

	usa poison control center
	1-800-222-1222



 mssf on social media 
 follow us on instagram


 like us on facebook






mycological society of san francisco



 





navigate



home
about us
contact information




hide 
                      thumbs
first
previous
pause
next
last

set 
                          speed
slideshow speed: 5 seconds

 






move








new 
                    image set





























 











 



the mycological society of san francisco was founded in 1950 to promote the understanding and enjoyment of mushrooms and other fungi. our mission has since expanded to preserve mycological habitats and to promote and maintain the rights of the general public to collect mushrooms for study and recreational purposes on public lands. our expert taxonomists often consult with open space management agencies to identify the fungi which are found on these lands.
the mssf hosts a myriad of activities throughout the year. our general meetings are held on the third tuesday of each month from september through may (the locally active mushroom season) at the randall museum in san francisco when they are being held in-person. when in-person group events are not possible, zoom meetings substitute. each general meeting begins with mushroom identification, book sales, and announcements, then features a guest speaker on a selected mycological topic. our adjunct culinary group meets once a month to explore and share the culinary possibilities of wild mushrooms. throughout the year we teach and sponsor classes in mushroom identification, cultivation, the basics of mycology, microscopy, cooking, etc. each winter, the mssf creates an extensive fungus fair, where we collect, identify and display hundreds of mushroom species from throughout the san francisco bay area and points north and south.
at the heart of mssf activities are forays for identification and collection of mushrooms. throughout the year we offer numerous camping forays and single-day mushroom walks. on occasion we conduct weekend mycological retreats with forays, culinary fare, identification, workshops, talks and slide presentations.
the mssf is also active in promoting mycological education and research. our members assist with academic research projects, we maintain a species database and an extensive mycological library, and we sponsor annual scholarships for leading students of mycology. we also provide toxicology and identification expertise to the california poison control system and help with the identification of mushrooms in cases of suspected poisoning.
mssf members are invited to join our lively and informative members-only email discussion group, where organizational announcements and events are posted, and where much information on mycological topics is exchanged.
the mssf is run through the volunteer efforts of four elected officers, four elected councilors, numerous committee chairpersons, and the general membership. council meetings are conducted on the second tuesday of each month from september through may, and are open to the general membership. our scientific advisors are dr dennis desjardin, dr else vellinga and dr brian perry.

about the mssf website
the mssf website was the first mushroom club website in north america. it went online on october 10, 1995 and was created by michael wood, who was webmaster from 1995–2008. the 2009 redesign of the mssf website was developed by michael wood.



 


copyright © 2009-2024 mycological society of san francisco.  photographs copyright © michael wood. all rights reserved.


