




  






big screen biz bee removal buziness -









































skip to main content


  



big screen biz bee removal buziness skip to content
    
 






remove bees from roof

 october 15, 2024 olivia ramosbee keeping no comments 
 
 

best ways to remove bees from roof
although bees play a crucial role in the ecosystem, they can be quite dangerous especially if they nest close to human settlements. a bee sting is not only painful, but can also trigger a myriad of allergic reactions, some of which can be fatal not only to your pets, but you too. for this reason, it is highly advisable to treat any sign of an infestation with urgency and care to avoid possible conflict with the same. bees can essentially nest anywhere within your compound, including a hanging branch nearby and even inside your roof. finding the best approach and way to remove bees from roof is the only way you can keep your loved ones safe from bee stings.
the first step of removing bees from the roof is by accurately identifying a hive, and importantly the type of bees nesting there. buzzling sounds of nesting bees cannot be mistaken with any other, hence the first sign to watch out for. common signs of nesting bees in your house include, honey drippings on the exterior or interior walls, bees entering and exiting gaps in the roof, as well as wax debris beneath roof overhangs.
while most people will instinctively want to get rid of the bees themselves, a bit of knowledge and experience is necessary to avoid a ‘bee war’. if looking to do the job yourself, it would be wise to first assess the risk before making any move against them. it is worth noting that some bees can be quite aggressive if disturbed (the african bee), a reason you need to correctly identify the bee species on your property. next, you’ll want to identify the hive location. hives within or near high-traffic areas should only be handled by bee professionals. you’ll also need to gather the necessary equipment for effective bee removal from the roof. some of the equipment you’ll need include a beekeeper suit, a smoker, beekeeping brush, and a powerful vacuum cleaner.
calling an expert bee remover/keeper to help remove bees from roof is the best and recommended step. experienced beekeepers can not only identify the type/species of bees correctly, but also have the necessary expertise and experience to handle the same. most bee removers will do a clean job without putting you or your neighbors at risk. first, you’ll need to identify expert bee removers/keepers in your area. a simple search online will help you find these with ease. upon identifying potential experts, you can then look into their portfolio to see how much they charge, as well as reviews based on their past removals.
once you’ve settled with a good bee remover, you can then request a quote. professionals capable of getting rid of the bees without harming/killing them should be your first choice. these professionals will not only remove bees from roof, but also relocate them to a safe area (especially for honeybees), and also help bee-proof your home. they will also recommend the best ways to keep bees from your homestead without using harsh chemicals. sealing gaps in the roof and using bee repellants can also be effective in preventing future bee infestation.
 

 
 



bee keeping for beginners

 january 14, 2024 olivia ramosbee keeping no comments 
 
 

bee keeping is a unique hobby/job to enjoy. a bee keeper raises bees for pollination and honey services. it requires knowledge of bees and how they thrive in order to be successive. if you’ve never before kept bees, you may wish to take a class on bee keeping or learn from another beekeeper. you’ll need the proper protective equipment, including a bee suit.
the bee suit covers the body to protect it from being stung. it has a netting that covers the face. the rest of the head is covered with a hat that will protect your scalp and ears from being stung. the main part of the bee suit covers the rest of the body, protecting it from stings. not all bee suits are created equal, so you’ll want to ensure you get the right size and quality for the particular types of bees you’re raising.
bee hives require proper care and nurturing to provide you with honey. most beekeepers place their bees out of the normal mainstream of business in order to keep people from wandering too close. orchards, large-scale gardens, and farms are ideal locations to keep bees.
the hives must be checked regularly to ensure that the bees are healthy and making honey. bees don’t require a lot of care; however, they need to have a source of pollen, such as flowers or other plants, that will provide the pollen required to nurture the hive. they also require a water source.
beekeepers often form relationships with local farmers in order to place bees on the farmer’s property. in exchange, the farmer will receive honey at the end of the season. most bee hives in northern regions are out from early to mid-may through early to late october. this is the warmest time of the year, and bees tend to thrive during this time.
beginning bee keeping is learned through courses, classes, workshops, or from another beekeeper. it’s wise to invest the time in learning proper care and maintenance before embarking on raising bees. courses are usually available through agricultural departments and local exchanges.
at the end of the season, the honey is harvested either with special brushes that scrape the honey off of the hives or a machine that they use to place the honeycomb into and extract the honey. once extracted, the honey can be placed into bottles, jars, bears, or other containers for sale or to give away.
bees are an important part of the ecosystem. without bees, you’d have to hand-pollute orchards and gardens to ensure the quality growth of plants. many people are afraid of bees. learning proper handling of bees can go far in helping to prevent being stung.
proper equipment, including a proper bee suit, will greatly reduce the risk of being stung. it requires dedication, continued education, and management skills. connecting with other beekeepers or associations is a great way to continue learning and managing bee hives. whether you start with one hive or twenty hives, bees are fascinating.
 

 
 



live bee removals near me

 january 14, 2024 olivia ramosbee keeping bee removal no comments 
 
 


if you’re looking for live bee removals, you’ll want to do some research. you can run the search term through your favorite online search engine. the first few on the list should be located nearby. you’ll want to compile a list and make some phone calls to see which company will be the best for your needs.
read reviews online for the companies that you plan to call. knowing the reviews ahead of time can help you to shorten the list of potential removal companies. if you read a bad review for a particular company, continue reading to see if the company responded and made the problem right.
you’ll want to compile a list of questions to ask the various companies that you call. your questions should include how they remove the bees, whether or not they exterminate the bees or remove them live and relocate them, whether or not they are licensed, insured, and bonded, safety procedures, and how long they can schedule the removal. do they have any emergency services?
how do they protect their employees, you, and your family during the removal process? the answers to these questions should help you to narrow it down to a company that can accommodate your needs. once you’ve narrowed down your list, you can set up a time to have them come to your home and assess the situation.
make sure that you get the contract in writing. before you sign the contract, be sure to read the contract over carefully. if you don’t understand something, make sure to ask them to explain it to you in full before you sign the contract. after you’ve signed the contract and they set the date for the removal, make sure to find out if you need to do anything specific to prepare for the removal procedure.
on the agreed-upon date, make sure that you’ve completed any required preparation for the removal. live bee removals can be dangerous if the appropriate protective measures aren’t followed. to avoid being stung by angry, aggressive bees, make sure that you are ready to follow the instructions of the removal company. if they tell you to leave the premises, you’ll need to be ready to leave while the bees are being removed.
bees can quickly become very aggressive if they feel threatened in any way. that’s why you must follow all of the agreed-upon procedures before they remove the bees. life removals are dangerous if you’re not cautious. these measures are in place for your safety and that of your family.
after removal, make sure that you understand how to prevent this from happening again. you don’t want to have to repeat the process time and again seasonally. bees are an important part of the ecosystem, but when something goes wrong, and you need to have them relocated, you’ll want to understand how you could have prevented it from happening. protect your home and your family by always calling a professional removal service if you need to have bees removed or relocated.
 

 
 



get safe and effective bee removal services

 january 14, 2024 olivia ramosbee removal no comments 
 
 

we wouldn’t appreciate the crops, plants, and flowers we see every day without bees. the vegetables and fruits we consume are all thanks to these majestic creatures. they are key pollinators and play an integral part in the food chain as a whole. we also harvest wax, honey, propolis, and pollen from them, which have a range of medicinal applications. generally, bees won’t attack unless they are aggravated. still, we understand that when a bee hive is established on your premises, your safety will be in jeopardy anytime you are close to their colony.
if the hive is left to grow, it can worsen into a serious issue that threatens the integrity of the building structure and cause health problems, among other things. if you come across a bee nest on your premises, it’s recommended that you enlist professional aid rather than attempting to handle the problem using diy methods. our bee removal specialists are aware of the crucial role bees play in the ecosystem and take active measures to provide effective and live bee removal services. get in touch with our bee removal experts now to learn exactly how we can aid in resolving your bee problem.
how we handle bee nests
the first thing we do when handling honey bees or other bee species is evaluate the potential danger a nest poses to persons nearby and the location of the nest. suppose we conclude that the colony is in a dangerous location and is likely to cause harm to your business, home, or other people. in that case, our technicians will use their acumen to use appropriate equipment and techniques to remove them safely. the precise techniques we use will be contingent on the size and location of the bee nest. however, you can be sure that our bee removal services will be top-notch and will meet epa regulations.
dangers that our expert bee hive removal services resolve include:aggressionat any given time, thousands of bees can be found in a bee hive. while inside, they continually make nectar for their hive. nectar is the most valuable thing in a bee hive, and bees have an alarm pheromone that warns them when the hive is being intruded. in turn, this triggers very aggressive bees that will attack anything and anyone in the vicinity. an aggressive bee hive isn’t something that you can contend with, which is why hiring a professional service is preferred for a fast and safe solution.
allergiesif occupants in your office or home have bee allergies, an aggressive hive can be detrimental to them. bee stings can be dangerous, and some people experience adverse effects that may turn fatal. dizziness, diarrhea, swelling, suffocation and vomiting are all associated side effects. our technicians can help eliminate the possibility of triggering these bee allergies to your loved ones or employees.
safe and effective bee removal solutions
if your business or home is host to a bee colony, you’ll ideally want a safe and fast bee removal solution. our eco-friendly bee removal services will ensure that you and the bees are safe. with our expansive experience and skills, we can guarantee that no bee problem is too big or small for us. place your trust in us and our ability to provide an effective bee removal service.
 

 
 



bee removal near me

 january 14, 2024 olivia ramosbee removal bee removal near me no comments 
 
 

as bee removal specialists, we are well aware of the stress that comes with finding a bee hive or swarm in your home. when you come across an infestation, the first step is to determine how to deal with the hive and the company to use. with so many options out there, how do you pick the right bee removal near me service? you need to make the right choice for you and your loved ones, property or workplace. this guide will help you make the right selection.
tips for picking the right bee removal near me service
before you settle for a bee removal specialist, it’s imperative to do your homework. a half-baked job can put you and your property at risk. for people who are allergic to bee venom, it’s more than just a nuisance; it is dangerous. use the following tips to make the right choice.
understand the process of bee removal
while you don’t have to be an expert, you can make the job easier by first understanding the removal process. not all bee removal specialists are equal. some use pesticides and other substances to get rid of the bees, while others utilize safe and humane methods. know the ups and downs of these techniques before hiring a company. in most cases, it is better to use a specialist that specializes in live bee removal. they do not use harmful chemicals that kill the insects in the process but safely remove them and give them a new home.
ask the right questions
similar to any other service, be ready to ask the provider the necessary questions. this will not only give you peace of mind, but the chance to see whether they know their line of work. from the first call, you can tell if a company is professional enough to handle the job. some essential questions to ask include:
-how quickly can you come to my premises?-what techniques do you use?-do you give free inspections?-how long does the job take?-how do you deal with any damage sustained?-how do you ensure the infestation doesn’t happen again?
check their credentials
bee removal is a dangerous job, and so you need to ensure the specialist has the right credentials, license and insurance to do the job. liability insurance will protect every involved party in case of injury or damage to your property during the removal process.

review their services
unlike other tasks, bee extraction may require more than removal. in some cases, you may need repairs to be done to your home and even bee-proofing in order to handle the issue completely. these insects can cause substantial damage if they have been there for long enough. in addition, they can have the hive in hard-to-reach places, necessitating the removal of drywall pieces, roofing or stucco. after the removal, you may want to be certain that the infestation won’t happen again. so, check to see whether they provide proofing services. if not, you may find yourself contacting them again in a few months.
with these tips, you should be in a position to make an informed decision. for inquiries about these services, feel free to contact us!
 

 
 




recent posts


remove bees from roof


bee keeping for beginners


live bee removals near me


get safe and effective bee removal services


bee removal near me


tagsbee equipment
bee keeping
bee removal near me
bee removal services
bees
live bee removals

 

 
 

 



proudly powered by wordpress & skyrocket themes
 
 
 
 





menu





navigation




 
 




search for:
















