







divco club of america


























































































cart
















0
















            history
          

            membership
          

            reunions & conventions
          

            newsletter
          

            products
          

            members only
          

            online payment
          



            home
          

            contact us
          

            links
          























































cart
















0











historymembershipreunions & conventionsnewsletterproductsmembers onlyonline payment











homecontact uslinks








 











our mission
our mission is to promote the preservation, restoration, operation and history of divco trucks, milk trucks, and other multi-stop delivery vehicles.founded in 1991 and incorporated in 1998, the divco club of america today is a non-profit, educational corporation with members all over the us and canada.



 

connect with us on facebookthe divco club of america now has a facebook group page. click here to join us.

 




























































































 


























join the club



membership dues are $30 per year for all membership types. it includes the next 6 issues of our newsletter, the divco news, which contains articles about divco and multi-stop history, restoration, operation and collectibles. share memories with other fans. our classified ads (see below) help you buy or sell trucks, parts, and memorabilia. and our letter columns help people with like interests keep in touch all across the country. just mail your membership application form with annual dues to the address below. back issues of the divco news are also available. click here to pay your membership dues online.

 

show your interest dcoa offers a number of divco styled and logo* items, including shirts, belt buckles, and even scale model trucks. proceeds from the sale of these items go to further club goals. you don't have to be a member to purchase, and you can shop online or by mail. click here to see our current catalog.   

 

news for members sometimes something of interest happens before the next newsletter. to communicate more quickly, we publish the information here first. 



trucks and parts for sale the divco news classified section in each issue is the world's best place to buy and sell divco (and other multi-stop) trucks, parts, and memorabilia. all classified advertising is always free to members. we also provide free ads to non-members with multi-stop trucks or parts for sale. we regret we are unable to offer "wanted" ads or "for sale" information to non-members, as our current club membership receives first priority for that sort of information. the information is also not available online.  

  

the divco club discussion group the divco club discussion group gives members a chance to discuss their favorite divco and multi-stop subjects online.

 

"trucks built by divco and its successors, were once as much a part of the american way of life as baseball and mom's apple pie."

 

let's chatthanks for visiting! we'd love to hear from you about our website, divco (or other multi-stop) trucks, or any thoughts or suggestions you might have. please contact us and give us your feedback.  

 








              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email address
              
                *





              subject
              
                *





              message
              
                *







thanks for getting in touch with us!




 








"divco" and the divco oval logo are registered trademarks of the divco club of america, inc. all rights reserved.  





























