












home | centre for brain and cognitive development





























      skip to main content
    







centre for brain and cognitive development






main navigation


home


research 


research areas


current research


online research


past research


publications


lab groups


useful links


prospective students




people


babylab 


babylab newsletters


information sheets


frequently asked questions


staars


sighted infants of blind parents


the early life cohort (elc)




toddlerlab


events 


21st anniversary conference


basis annual conference 2020


seminar series timetable


virtual coffee talks at the babylab


ask the scientist


the 2nd cbcd-necd conference




news and media 


social media




contact us


online studies











toggle navigation
















home





become a young scientist


study with us


be a student volunteer


phd funding



 


news

3-year fully funded phd position: neural synchrony in collaborating preschoolers
fully funded phd position in developmental psychology
monthly virtual coffee talks hosted by the babylab & toddlerlab will be back soon. everyone welcome!
online studies available for babies and children with more on the way!
our brand new toddlerlab is open!
our seminar series timetable is now available
complete your ma/msc with us on our brand new course! birkbeck msc/ma brain and cognitive development






who we are
the centre for brain and cognitive development (cbcd) was founded in 1998 at birkbeck, university of london and is directed by professor denis mareschal. it has grown steadily and is now internationally recognised as one of the leading centres of its kind in the world. the work of cbcd members is characterised by its use of converging methods (behavioural testing, eye tracking, erp, eeg, nirs, optical imaging, emg, computer modelling, functional and structural mri), and by its theory-driven programmes of empirical research on visual, cognitive, and language development in human infants, children, adolescents and adults.
the work undertaken at cbcd is only possible through the generous support of our many funders, birkbeck and the numerous families and children who have volunteered their time.
cbcd activity report (pdf)





      research areas
    





research with infants 
 
at the babylab we want to better understand how babies learn and develop, particularly during the first few years of life. 


research with toddlers 
 
our brand new custom built toddlerlab strives to mimic environments found in the real world (home, school and play), all the while harnessing emerging technologies to facilitate non-invasive research into children on the move. 


research with children 
 
at the cbcd, we don’t just study babies and toddlers, we’re also interested in how children continue to develop throughout the school years. 


research with teenagers 
 
development continues throughout adolescence, and so does our research! as cognitive developmental neuroscientists, we’re interested in the many changes and progressions taking place in the brain and behaviour during the teenage years. 


research with adults 
 
our brains and behaviour continue to develop throughout life. as such, research into brains and cognition must include changes and developments experienced in later life. 















site map

home

contact us
news
events
links


research

current research
online research
online studies
past research
publications
lab groups


people

scientific staff
scientific support staff
students
affiliated scientists
former members


babylab

faq
register your baby
newsletters


toddlerlab

laboratories & facilities
equipment
faq





centre for brain and cognitive development
school of psychological sciences
birkbeck, university of london
malet street
london, wc1e 7hx
phone: +44 (0)20 3926 1207
email: babylab@bbk.ac.uk
social
           


 


search


search
search

      enter the terms you wish to search for.
    














