












tribe hummus dip, good for you and healthy | tribe hummus











































tribe hummus - healthiest store bought hummus











 where to buy 



              our products
            


hummus


mezze




 recipes 



 about 






 










authentic mediterranean hummus


try now










find a recipe







 








our real simple story

                simple is good. simple is easy. that’s what tribe hummus is all
                about. tribe hummus is made simply, from real chickpeas, real
                spices and really, well, real ingredients.
              

                why? because eating right doesn’t have to be such a huge deal.
                it can be exactly like a tub of our hummus ¬– simple, exciting
                and full of possibilities. wait. that might actually make it a
                huge deal.
              

                tribe hummus keeps it simple from start to finish. our hummus is
                made with no artificial preservatives. our products are always
                kosher-certified, free of cholesterol and made with no
                hydrogenated oils or high fructose corn syrup, so you can enjoy
                the wonderful taste of tribe hummus worry-free.
              




                simple recipes, simply delicious varieties
              

                speaking of wonderful taste, tribe hummus is available in a
                variety of amazing flavors.
              

                tribe traditional hummus keeps it real in your choice of
                classic, roasted garlic and roasted red pepper varieties.
              

                for those with a taste for more, there’s tribe robust hummus,
                with flavors that go beyond the ordinary. like mediterranean
                style, and everything hummus.
              

                just goes to show - you find all kinds in our tribe.
              

read on













find your tribe.















 our products 


 recipes 


 about 


 careers 


 contact us 

































 


