






sacramento reptile show | largest reptile exhibit in northern california







































 














home
buy tickets
sponsors
conservation corner
meet the vendors
become a vendor
contact
 








select page


  
 



 



 















27th annual

sacramento reptile show

april 26th and 27th, 2025




day(s)

:


hour(s)

:


minute(s)

:


second(s)













we are the largest reptile exhibit in northern california


over 100,000 sq ft of reptiles and supplies and your chance to meet a live 10 foot, 100lb. alligator!

meet the vendors





catch a glimpse

take a quick tour





view photos




































































see videos






















show info

hours & tickets
tickets sales begin march 20, 2025
 







show hours





saturday, april 26th: 10am-5pmsunday, april 27th: 10am-4pm
9:30am admission with advance ticket purchase
please leave your pets at home.







advanced tickets




early admission:

9:30am with purchase of advanced online ticket sales


subscribe & get a $1-off coupon







at event tickets









what to expect

an in depth look at the world of reptiles

join us for the ultimate reptile experience, with over 18,000 attendees and more than 3,000 reptiles on display! we’re excited to bring back the highly popular venomous reptile exhibit, showcasing over 45 venomous species from around the world, including the awe-inspiring king cobras and black mambas.
brad’s world reptiles will be hosting a dedicated reptile education center, where you’ll learn all about the fascinating world of reptiles. wild things will be back offering you the rare chance to get up close with a 10-foot, 100lb alligator.
looking to add a reptile to your family? the show provides the perfect opportunity to purchase a new pet from one of many expert breeders at the event. plus, we’ll have the latest reptile products to help you care for your new companion.
the sacramento reptile show is your one-stop destination for everything reptile in sacramento. don’t miss it!













speakers

sacramento reptile show lecture schedule will be announced in april







event ticket discount

subscribe & get a $1 off coupon















copyright © 2025 sacramento reptile show



followfollowfollowfollow



 














































