
































    home | life healing - spiritual healing
  















              
   

 

     

 

 










   
    home



  services


   life healing



  vita navitas



  dna crystal alter



  akashic record reading



  universal spheres



  energy healing



  distant healing



  chakra healing



  meditations





  about


   personal health and consent form





  contact



  healing products


   animals and spirit





  testimonials



  case studies












    
 





       
    
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button









   
    
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button









   
    
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button









   awaken the healer within with life healing


   
  creating peace on earth one person at a time 
 are you experiencing physical pain such as back pain, neck pain or knee pain and have not been able to find relief? are you experiencing emotional pain such as anxiety, depression, or fear? or, perhaps, you lived through a difficult childhood and are unable to move forward with your life.do you feel you’ve tried everything the medical model has to offer you, yet you still have pain? if you’ve been drawn to this website, it may be that something inside of you knows the root of your physical or emotional pain has not been addressed, so the healing you seek is incomplete.


    


life healing life healing is designed to help you discover the root of your pain & give you the tools you need to heal 



    


vita navitas vita navitas uses similar principles as reiki and acupuncture to harmonize energy flow.
  

dna crystal alter activating the quantum layers of your dna, the electromagnetic and vibrational layers
  

akashic record reading a record of your soul’s journey that includes past present and all future possibilities
  

universal spheres expands your frequency to be in a field of infinite possibilities  (photo by aaron burden on unsplash)



   
 

spiritual healing finding inner peace in a complicated world can transform your life
 
 

 energy healing heal energetic imbalances  including disease, aches, pains, emotional & physical trauma
 
 

distant healing the benefits of a distant life healing session are numerous and as varied as the issues that are presented for healing
 
 

chakra healing clients receiving a chakra healing often experience a calm, peaceful, and relaxed state and some have experiences of expanded awareness


   
 

meditations peace begins within, then we can radiate it out to the world. 


   rebecca's welcome message:   



  



   for a 15 minute consultation, contact rebecca debus here.complete your healing with life healinglife healing is designed to help you:• discover the root of your pain• give you the tools you need to healit’s not uncommon for new clients to call me only after they have exhausted everything the traditional medicine has to offer. i am grateful they have gone through all the tests and are, in some cases, a “medical mystery”.once all the tests and doctors have ruled out what the medical field can diagnose and treat, clients have a tendency to be willing to take a deeper look at what is happening within them. they are more open to accepting their power to heal and are willing to become a partner in their healing process. life healing sessions can be done with distant healing. seeing disease and pain from a different perspectivei look at injury and disease with different “eyes” from the medical profession for two reasons: first is my professional training in alternative healing. second is the experience i received in healing myself of multiple sclerosis. the wisdom and information i gained in the process of my own healing journey has been my greatest gift. i have first-hand knowledge of what it takes to heal, and i share this wisdom with my clients.through life healing, my passion is to help my clients reach their highest potential in the shortest amount of time. i do this by drawing on many different modalities as i help them heal their body, mind, and spirit. life healing transforms lives and heals wounded childhoods and damaged bodies,  spirits and emotions.life healing can transform your lifelife healing is a holistic approach to wellness that can transform your life.are you are ready to accept your power to heal and become a partner in your healing process? are you ready to be heard by someone who is compassionate and intuitive and has a passion to help you achieve your healing goals? are you ready to receive the tools and support to reach those goals? if so, i welcome your call or email asking about how life healing can help you. i acknowledge your courage for taking the first step to reclaim your power to heal! please note that distance is not a problem with life healing. you can experience an energy healing session via phone by distant healing.






      

inner peace creates world peaceworld peace through inner peacerebecca debus, life healingskippack township, pa 19438   610-615-5914
 

 
 newsletter
   email:




thank you for signing up!
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.

    

 

 




disclaimer © 2005-2024

















































































































  
  share by:













