
wedding stars online - showcasing premier wedding professionals in southern california















your connection to wedding professionals throughout southern california



welcome to wedding stars online. once the magical question, 

      "will you marry me?" has been popped, your life takes on a new 

      meaning ... wedding mania. so many questions, so many decisions, so many 

      places, with so little time to make it the "perfect day".





relax - now you can get everything organized and questions answered 
  in the comfort of your office or home any time of the day or night. wedding 
  stars online provides easy access to the many wedding professionals who contribute 
  to your "perfect day". you will also find a monthly advice column 
  and communication capabilities via e-mail. all of this at your finger tips, 
  with no loss of time from work and better yet - no freeway hassles.





enjoy the 

      wedding bell blues, our advice column for the "wedding 

      weary".





a message from the publisher 

        and who's who at wedding stars online



 
 thank you for visiting wedding stars online. keep checking back with us as new star professionals are being added regularly. best wishes to you during this exciting time in your life!



for the star wedding professionals in your area, please select a region:



los angeles county

orange county








greater santa barbara area & central california




san 

        diego county

 
inland 

        empire counties











 or ... 


visit the featured star wedding professionals below:




 
        the crystal ballroom 
downey memorial christian church
westminster 
        manor 



toni destro, harpist 
 



 







disclaimer


we would love to hear from you! for comments, suggestions or questions about our 
site, just click the icon below, or call us at (951) 306-0970

wedding stars online 




wedding stars online supports the star professionals 
        at the
easter seal society of southern california




 copyright © 1995
- 2011  wedding stars online 
web site design by the 

brookman company 


