




















dania beach, florida | official website









 















skip to main content






















 














home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
hear this page
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents
help






 
 














facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 
 












search







 
 
 















facebook








instagram








twitter








youtube








linkedin




 





 
 
 




    government      community      services      business      departments      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 

 



 




   
 
 
 



 














scroll anchor










 
 
 



 








 
 
 














calendar       








watch dania tv &commission meetings








commissionmeetings








career opportunities










 
 














beach & pier livecam








city code








pay bills










 
 
 





















connect with us on social media



 
 
 





        view this profile on instagram            daniabeach (@daniabeachfl) • instagram photos and videos 


 
 








 
 








 
 
 









 








 
 
 









 
 




















 






  
 



  
 
 









february 2025




s


m


t


w


t


f


s




26
27
28
29
30
31
01

02
03
04
05
06
07
08

09
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
01










tue, feb 18  

parks, recreation & community affairs advisory board



tue, feb 18  

broward safety action plan public workshops



wed, feb 19  

green advisory board






view all




/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 
















complimentary shuttle service for ignite broward at mad arts 


take advantage of our complimentary park and ride shuttle service running daily from february 14 to 23, 2025, between the dania beach city hall parking garage and mad arts, with stops at key locations for easy access to the ignite broward art show.						read on...







ocean park paving project 


the ocean park repaving project at 110 n beach rd, dania beach, fl, scheduled from february 4 to march 4, 2025, will involve milling and resurfacing the parking lot in phases, with modified traffic patterns.			read more







dania beach issues call to south florida artists for creative visions 


dania beach officials want to transform public spaces with dynamic and broader artistic expressions throughout the city. application period for “creative visions” is now open for artists and creative professionals in south florida.						read on...







stormwater master plan 


addressing flooding challenges in dania beach is a city priority. a stormwater system is a network of swales, storm drains, pipes, pumps, and outlets designed to move the rainwater away from homes, businesses and critical assets.			visit webpage







fll overnight runway maintenance/closures 


for updates on runway-related construction projects and potential impacts on airport operations and traffic, visit the broward county airports advisory page.			additional info...







southeast drainage project 


dania beach's unprecedented storm drainage project underway in the southeast neighborhood. the project includes the installation of solid drainage pipes, a new pump station, injection wells, and swale improvements.						read on...







seeking community photos for 120th birthday photo mosaic wall 


in celebration of the 120th birthday of dania beach, the city is inviting residents and visitors to help create a vibrant photo mosaic wall. everyone is encouraged to participate by submitting photos from their favorite locations in the city.						read on...







alert dania beach - register today 


stay informed of alerts and emergencies in our city with the new alert dania beach emergency notification system. get alerts directly to your phone (voice or text) or email.			additional info...







dania beach developments projects 


view current under construction developments in dania beach for 2024			additional info...







art in public spaces map portal - now available 


the dania beach public art program will enhance the vibrancy of public spaces to help shape the cultural future of dania beach. through curation of the collection, the city’s urban landscape will be augmented with diverse forms of public art.			additional info...







join our dania beach team 


are you looking for a new career opportunity in sunny south florida? look no further than the city of dania beach! we're currently seeking talented individuals to join our team, and we offer some amazing benefits.			apply now...







lower flood insurance rates 


the city of dania beach is working hard to lower flood insurance rates for property owners. the city has achieved a class 6 rating in the community rating system. this means a 20% savings and over $245,000 in annual savings for policyholders.						read on...







bid postings 


learn about current bid and contract opportunities available to consultants, service providers, contractors, vendors or suppliers.

for public notices for bid review committee meetings, see closed bids and select the appropriate bid						read on...







title vi policy & ada self evaluation 


dania beach title vi policy and ada self evaluation and transition plan for dania beach						read on...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 








 
 
 















 






  
 
 














	five commission members are elected at large on a non-partisan basis for four year terms. the candidate with the highest number of votes serves as the mayor. the commission appoints the city manager, who is the chief administrative officer of the city and is responsible for implementing policies adopted by the city commission. the city commission determines policy, adopts legislation, approves the city’s budget, levies taxes, and sets fees.
 






  
 













mayorjoyce l. davis
 




vice mayormarco a. salvino, sr.
 




commissionerlori lewellen
 




commissionerluis rimoli
 




commissionera. j. ryan iv
 






  
 


  


 
 
 
 
















sp-001-22mod/ot-085-23: seagate ii, llc, requests a site plan mod for 717 phippen rd. 


sp-001-22mod/ot-085-23: the applicant, seagate ii, llc, request a site plan mod. and design variation approval to adjust the area for dwelling units and to reconfigure parking at the southeast corner of phippen-waiters road and sw 7th terrace.						read on...







rz-007-22/ot-008-22: bcdd oaks place llc, requests rezoning for 5571 sw 40 ave 


rz-007-22/ot-008-22:  bcdd oaks place llc, is requesting rezoning from single family district (rs-6000) to planned residential development district (prd-1) and the allocation of eight (8) flexible units for the property located at 5571 sw 40th avenue.						read on...






tx-040-24: the applicant, the city of dania beach, requests text amendments to the city ordinance 


tx-040-24: the applicant, the city of dania beach, is requesting several text amendments to the city’s code of ordinances, land development code (ldc).						read on...






tx-052-24: ordinance amending the city land code tiny-homes and micro housing 


tx-052-24: the applicant, the city of dania beach, is requesting to create a new ordinance within the city’s code of ordinances, land development code (ldc), adding tiny home and micro-housing development regulations and design guidelines for their use.						read on...






tx-053-24: ordinance amending the city land code relating to accessory dwelling regulations 


tx-053-24: the applicant, the city of dania beach, is requesting to create a new ordinance within the city’s code of ordinances, land development code (ldc), adding accessory dwelling unit regulations and design guidelines for their use.						read on...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 













agendas and minutes



watch commission meetings



open government









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 















 






  
 
 














popular pages








community spotlight








news








citizen services








community spotlight










 
 
 



 















 






  
 
 



 







contact us







city of dania beach  100 w dania beach boulevard dania beach, fl 33004 phone: 954-924-6800  city hall hours of operation monday through thursday 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. friday by scheduled appointment954-924-6800  citizen's concern form
 






  
 







popular links







agendas and minutes



watch commission meetings



open government



state of the city



coronavirus info center



facebook



youtube









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







alert dania beach



beach/pier webcam



career opportunities



events, meetings, activities



fema flood map



frequently asked questions



municipal codes



news - hot topics



permits - easy access



staff intranet site









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







using this site







home



accessibility



legal notice/privacy statement/website disclaimer



staff directory



copyright notices



site map









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









