



































the university of north carolina at charlotte | unc charlotte













skip to main content
 







 


 

















 


admissions & financial aid
academics
research
athletics
campus life


alumni & friends
faculty & staff
prospective students
community
current students
parents & family


my unc charlotte
directory
make a gift
library



about us
apply now
visit our campus
give to unc charlotte
take a virtual tour
corporate engagement











 





















news & events




about us
apply now
visit our campus
give to unc charlotte
take a virtual tour
corporate engagement



events

 

























































university achieves
top-tier
research status

charlotte's r1 impact






















































unc charlotte icons 




					0				
percent of new undergraduates
are first-generation college students


























unc charlotte icons 




					0				
doctoral
programs


























unc charlotte icons 




					0				
students






 






undergrads to overachievers
variety is more than the spice of life. it is life! the world offers a broader range of career opportunities than ever before, which is why we offer the way to explore and prepare for so many of them right. choose from diverse majors in 90 bachelor's degree programs and more than 100 graduate programs.
explore academic offerings at unc charlotte
 


   

   

   

   

   

   

   

 


















#1 in latinx enrollment
unc charlotte outpaces north carolina's other four-year institutions with latinx enrollment, undergraduate degrees and graduation rates
"it's so important to see other students like me on campus," says senior claudia martinez.

read more















data science answers the call
how unc charlotte is responding to industry demand in charlotte, the region and beyond.
bringing together brilliant minds through interdisciplinary partnership, the university is bridging the gap between society and technology through hands-on programming and research.

read more





















where inquiry is put to the ultimate test. reality.
go beyond hypotheses and theory. study in a place where on-campus research comes to life in off-campus applications throughout area communities, businesses and industries.

explore research at unc charlotte















quaint & quiet
lively & loud
can't decide between a peaceful, picturesque college campus and an action-packed big-city school? then don't.

get involved in campus life at unc charlotte















clubs & activities
choose from more than 350 student organizations in and out of the classroom at unc charlotte. there's something for everyone here!
 




















 












49er sports
niner nation loves cheering on the 49ers and their 18 ncaa division i varsity sports. members of the football bowl subdivision (fbs) american athletic conference, the 49ers boast some of the nation’s finest facilities and compete against the ncaa’s top competition.
 


























 












exploring charlotte
discover the university that lives on the pulse of the city. from professional sports and polished culture to outdoor adventure and recreation, charlotte is a top destination. 
 



















click for more
less
toggle footer 













campus links

alerts
jobs
make a gift
maps / directions
 accessibility



resources

alumni & friends
faculty & staff
prospective students
community
 current students
 parents and family



stay in touch

facebook
instagram
flickr
linkedin
twitter
youtube
maps
the university of north carolina at charlotte9201 university city blvd, charlotte, nc 28223-0001704-687-8622
© 2025 unc charlotte | all rights reserved  contact us | terms of use |  university policiesreport a concern












