 





theartifact.com – icentre | oncall executive coaching






























































skip to content




 
icentre | oncall executive coaching
executive coaching, life coaching, self improvement, wellness




    

home
check-in
on-call
wisdom
more | contact  

contact us


    


search for:


  search
 







		theartifact.com	

hometheartifact.com 











welcome to theartifact™ . a quick reference site for information and resources about artifacts, art, art history, replicas & reproductions.
theartifact™ is the original site and tradename for the museum store company™. established in 1997, opening up the world to replicas and reproduction of art history works from the museums of the world, we worked (and still do) under the motto of ‘own a piece of history…give a piece of history’. theartifact™ became a speciality brand for the museum store company™ products and services in 2006. in 2010, museum store company aqcuired museumcompany.com and museumco.com, the online intellectual property of the museum company™ a past competitor which had over 100 locations and over $.5b in annual sales, and also uses museum company™ for special service and in store product programs.
the museum store company has thousands of unique and distinctive art history replicas from the museums of the world. click to visit museumstorecompany.com










search for:


  search





recent posts


best quotes – keep away from people who try to belittle…


coaching questions – what are good routines you have? w…


best quotes – as long as you live, keep learning how to…


best quotes – everything can be taken from a man but on…


best quotes – diversification is protection against ign…









                	copyright © 2025 icentre | oncall executive coaching 

                    all rights reserved | arden 


  


















































































































































































































