







santiam bicycle








































































































            meet the team
          



            why santiam?
          







































































meet the team







a full service bike shop with mtb, bmx, road, and urban in salem, oregon.




why santiam?









scroll








santiam bicycle

 









salem’s full-service independent bicycle dealersince 1995, santiam bicycle’s friendly and knowledgeable staff help repair your current bike or help pick the right new bike for you.




    meet the team
  








 





















products
whether you’re smashing berms at black rock or out for an urban stroll, we take the time to listen and find the bike that fits your needs and style.santiam bikes carries a variety of new mountain, bmx, gravel, commuters, and e-bikes as well as bike apparel, helmets, a variety of complete skateboards, decks and skateboard parts.




















bike services & repairs
depending on the repair, we can usually get you back on your bike the very same day. in addition to bike repairs, we offer bike components for sale and special order and demo bikes for rent.










more than just a bike shopsantiam bicycle’s mission is to make our region more bike friendly. we’ve been an integral part of blackrock mountain bike association since its inception and we support many other local cycling initiatives in the salem area including the salem bicycle club, salem area trail alliance, and cascadia trail crew.


















group bike rides & special events





we hope to see you at our next sponsored group ride or demo event. special events include-monthly social group mountain bike rides for all levelssocial events to celebrate local trail organizationsbeer and cider on tap in the trail builders’ lounge








welcome to santiam bicycle



santiam intro



large image



products



services



more than a bike shop



bike rides & special events














santiam bicycle388 commercial st ne, salem, or 97301(503) 363-6602



instagramfacebook




photos courtesy of trevor lyden and clementé porrascopyright © 2021 santiam bicycle. all rights reserved. designed by meghan gallop









