     troy ford dealer in troy mi | royal oak rochester hills birmingham ford dealership michigan                            
  

                                       dean sellers ford        sales 248-675-8680    service 248-675-8681  parts 248-675-8682      2600 w. maple roadtroy, mi 48084                                          service        map        contact                       dean sellers ford            call 248-675-8680   directions                       new   search inventory   ford e-bike   ford pickup & delivery   lock-in your incentives   value your trade   fctp program/deals   model showroom   tech video library   custom factory order 2025   ford f-150   ford super duty   ford bronco   ford bronco sport   ford explorer   ford expedition   ford escape   ford edge   ford mustang   ford mustang mach-e   ford maverick     new ford evs    new ford evs for sale   view ev inventory   range & batteries   home charging   find a charger   ford e-bike     used   search inventory   certified pre-owned overview   special finance   demo vehicles   vehicles under 15k   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   value your trade     specials   specials   demo vehicles   service & parts specials   manufacturer service specials   fordpass   tires     service & parts   request an appointment   service department   ford pickup and delivery   order parts   brake service advice   tire care advice   oil change advice   general service   battery service     body shop   finance   credit application    finance department   ford protect   special finance   payment calculator   college student program   military appreciation program   first responders program   value your trade     about   our dealership   meet our staff   why buy from us?   careers     contact   dealer information   hours & directions                     home   new   search inventory   ford e-bike   ford pickup & delivery   lock-in your incentives   value your trade   fctp program/deals   model showroom   tech video library   custom factory order 2025   ford f-150   ford super duty   ford bronco   ford bronco sport   ford explorer   ford expedition   ford escape   ford edge   ford mustang   ford mustang mach-e   ford maverick     new ford evs    new ford evs for sale   view ev inventory   range & batteries   home charging   find a charger   ford e-bike     used   search inventory   certified pre-owned overview   special finance   demo vehicles   vehicles under 15k   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   value your trade     specials   specials   demo vehicles   service & parts specials   manufacturer service specials   fordpass   tires     service & parts   request an appointment   service department   ford pickup and delivery   order parts   brake service advice   tire care advice   oil change advice   general service   battery service     body shop   finance   credit application    finance department   ford protect   special finance   payment calculator   college student program   military appreciation program   first responders program   value your trade     about   our dealership   meet our staff   why buy from us?   careers     contact   dealer information   hours & directions              
 roadside assistance
    









     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         






                                 disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                   








special offers
view specials










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory            something for everyone  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      suvs & crossovers   trucks & vans   all electric   cars           escape      bronco sport      bronco      edge      explorer      mustang mach-e      expedition          maverick      ranger      transit connect      f-150      super duty      transit      f-150 lightning          mustang mach-e      f-150 lightning          mustang     explore all newmodels           


finance your vehicle
use our form to qualify for one of our finance programs.
get pre-approved




express checkout
shop from your home or office.
learn more


     


sell or trade your vehicle
use our tool to get the best trade-in value for your used vehicle.
sell or trade



      





ford pickup and delivery
there are a lot of reasons to love being a ford owner. ford pickup & delivery is one more. just tell us when and where you’d like to have your ford picked up — home or work — and we’ll come get it, service it at our dealership, and return it to you. just be sure to add "pickup and delivery" to your service needs.
call our service department: service  248-550-0039
schedule service now



       

dean sellers ford
ford dealership in troy, michigan
when our founder, dean l. sellers, opened the doors of his dealership january 14, 1948, he had one goal, to provide the people of troy and the major detroit area the best deals on great ford vehicles and the best car shopping experience they could possibly have. that's why our team at dean sellers ford has been a part of this community for the better part of a century, because of our focus on people, not on selling cars. we want you to feel great about your ford, and if you're not completely happy and satisfied when you leave our dealership, we haven't done our jobs correctly.
learn more


     





    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 8:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed        




follow us on social media


                                 


          

when our founder, dean l. sellers, opened the doors of his dealership january 14, 1948, he had one goal, to provide the people of troy and the major detroit area the best deals on great ford vehicles and the best car shopping experience they could possibly have. that's why our team at dean sellers ford has been a part of this community for the better part of a century, because of our focus on people, not on selling cars. we want you to feel great about your ford, and if you're not completely happy and satisfied when you leave our dealership, we haven't done our jobs correctly.





fantastic customer service
we pride ourselves on our ability to make the car shopping process as easy and relaxed for our customers as it can be. we never want our customers to feel rushed while they're shopping for the best car for them.
our selection of new and used cars is massive and each vehicle has been checked by our team of professional certified technicians. thinking of leasing a car? we have monthly specials to get you what you need.
our finance department is here to help you figure out a plan so you can get on the road when you need to with the best deal possible. we offer trade-ins for your old vehicles so you can get a head start on getting your next car.
when you need a tune-up, a check-up or an upgrade, our service department is trained to keep your fords tough and rolling. no job is too small or big for our technicians – whether you're getting some body work done or just investigating that mystery sound.
visit us at our showroom monday and thursday from 8:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. or tuesday, wednesday, and friday from 8:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. we're located at 2600 w. maple road in troy, michigan. stop by for a test drive or to talk about which ford is the best choice for you and your family.


great ford vehicles
one of the reasons ford has maintained its place as the nation's favorite car company is sheer reliability. fords are stylish, fun to drive, and accessible, but it's the long-term reliability that makes their vehicles so popular.
if you're trying to find a truck that does the work of an entire crew, ford has you covered. the ford f series has been a top choice in pickups for decades. whether you're towing big loads long distances or want something more useful in the city, there's a ford pickup for you. have more passengers you need to transport? check out the extensive lineup of suvs and crossovers to find the one that best fits you and your family. sedans, coupes, muscle cars, hatchbacks, minivans – there's a ford for every person and every lifestyle.
if you're not sure what you're looking for, our team of knowledgeable sales people can help you decide which model is perfect for you and your family.


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures dean sellers ford | 2600 w. maple road, troy, mi 48084 | sales: 248-675-8680 |                



















              