




ron wanttaja's sea and sky



 what is this place?
    i've put this web page together to combine a couple of my main
    interest areas: homebuilt aircraft and nautical history, especially
    during the napoleonic era.
    
 who's ron wanttaja?
 aviation data and
          links
 nautical data
          and links
 about my books
 my fly
          baby home page

    my wife, lisa, is a published author of romance novels.  she
    writes as lisa mcallister (harlequin).
    looking for some seattle-area eaa chapters? 

 chapter 26
          (seattle)
 chapter 441
          (kent)
 chapter 326
          (puyallup)


 who the heck is ron wanttaja?
 as well
    you might ask. i'm a retired space systems engineer.  in my
    40-year career, i studied, developed, tested, or operated about
    eighteen different spacecraft.  i started in the air force,
    where i was an on-shift engineer for the defense support program missile early-warning
    satellite.  after leaving the air force, i went to work for
    boeing, where one of my first jobs was on the early design studies
    for the international space station.  after that, i
    worked mostly on classified programs, where my specialties included
    satellite orbit/constellation design and analysis, launch vehicle
    and onboard propulsion system trades, and operations concepts for
    space systems.  i worked in a "rapid prototyping" group, one
    which specialized in finding shortcuts to develop spacecraft faster,

      better, and cheaper (in reality, we said, you could "pick any
    two....).  at the time i retired in 2017, i had worked several
    development programs a chief systems engineer, leading teams of
    inventive specialists in doing some real wild stuff. 

    since retirement, i have done some consulting work for boeing, a
    private space company, and the us department of transportation.

    in the meantime, i've done a few odd things...i'm the author of the
    old "ifr flight simulator" program for the commodore vic-20 and c-64
    (click here for a writeup on how
    it came about), i used to run the only submarine in north dakota, and i'm a former cadet colonel in
    the civil air patrol.  also was a disk jockey, back in the
    '70s.
oh, and i also occasionally speak to folks about what it was like
      to live aboard the sailing ships of the early 19th century. 
      in case you were wondering about the sailor suit.... 
i'm also a freelance aviation journalist. i've written for a
      number of magazines, including private pilot, flying, sport
      aviation, and kitplanes.  i write mostly for kitplanes,
      mainly because they treat freelancers very, very well. note,
      though, that i have no official connection with the magazine...i'm
      a private individual who takes occasional assignments from them
      and/or submits articles on speculation. as a freelancer, i highly
      recommend kitplanes as a good place to submit.

about twenty years ago, i started studying accidents involving
      homebuilt aircraft.  i'm am currently one of the top experts
      on homebuilt accident causes; i can modestly say i'm probably the
      leading expert outside the government.  i've published about
      thirty articles describing various aspects of my analysis.

finally, i write books. i've written a pair of young adult novels
      set in the u.s. navy during the war of 1812. the first of the
      series, the key to honor, came out in early 1996. other
      books include kitplane construction and airplane
        ownership, both non-fiction. 
my writing has brought me several awards, including the flying
      magazine "bax seat trophy" and a journalism award from the
      aviation/space writer's association. 


 about my books
    with full-time employment as an engineer during my career, i didn't
    have to write for the income.  so i was able to write what i
    wanted, when i wanted.   now that i'm retired...heck, it's
    even easier!  

    here's a quick synopsis of my books, plus a couple of ways to order.
     kit airplane construction, third edition
    this book is a basic 'primer' covering the basic skills and
    knowledge necessary to build your own homebuilt aircraft. chapters
    cover selecting the right kitplane, engine selection, workshop
    setup, aircraft-quality workmanship, and specific information on all
    modes of construction. the first edition won the aviation/space
    writer's association 1992 journalism award in the technical/training
    books category.
    to order: kit airplane construction can be ordered from
      just about any aviation book supplier. there are a number of
      online sources as well, such as amazon.com or barnesandnoble.com
      .. or you can order directly from mcgraw-hill, the publisher, at
      (800) 822-8158. 
 airplane ownership, second edition
    this book covers the basic of buying and owning your own plane. the
    book includes a frank assessment of the costs of ownership, the
    shopping and buying process, and includes a guide to basic
    maintenance.
    to order: airplane ownership can be ordered from just
      about any aviation book supplier. there are a number of online
      sources as well, such as amazon.com or barnesandnoble.com
      .. or you can order directly from mcgraw-hill, the publisher, at
      (800) 822-8158.. 
 the key to honor
    this young-adult novel is set in the u.s. navy during the war of
    1812. everyone saw fifteen-year-old nate lawton save the captain's
    life when "old ironsides" defeated hms guerriere. but nobody
    saw him run away afterwards. promoted to midshipman's rank and
    assigned to the united states frigate chesapeake , nate is
    determined to regain his lost honor. the book is written for ten to
    fifteen-year-olds, is 180 pages long, and includes a detailed
    glossary as well as black-and-white drawings illustrating the layout
    of the ship. before it was published, it won second place in the
    young adult category in the pacific northwest writer's conference
    contest.  further information can be found on my nautical page .
    you can order this book from amazon.
 the price of command
    this sequel to the key to honor finds midshipman nate lawton
    assigned to the lake erie fleet under commodore oliver hazard perry.
    much to his delight, perry's fleet is short of officers, and nate
    soon finds himself thrust into the position of acting first
    lieutenant of a brig o' war. but command has its price...a price
    nate's captain is unwilling to pay. nate finds himself caught
    between the rocks of naval discipline and the shoals of a senior
    officer's unbending ambition.  information on how this book
    came about can be found on my nautical page .
    you can order this book from amazon.
comments? contact me at ron@wanttaja.com
      . 

proud member of 


who are the rah-15?  fifteen participants in an internet
        newsgroup who were hit with a slapp suit (strategic lawsuit
        against public participation) for exercising their right of free
        speech by publicly disagreeing with the editorial coverage of a
        nationally-distributed aviation magazine.  for more
        information, see the zoomland page maintained by my
        fellow co-defendant, john ousterhout. 


