






shanghai resort & marina | norris lake's premier destination






























































home
marina
restaurant
accommodations
boat rental
online booking
faqs
about
members
 


select page


  
 



 



 











shanghai resort & marina

 
 
 

 
 
 




full service marina

 


the ship store is centrally located in the harbor at shanghai resort marina.
packed with everything from obrien watersports products, champion clothing, blenders eyewear to one of the largest beer selections on the lake.

 
our ship store

 



 
 
 




the shanghai difference

 
 
 





castaways grill and bar


open seven days a week for lunch and dinner. we are particularly proud of our in-house smoked ribs and beef brisket.


 
 
 




lakeside lodging


overlooking shanghai cove, guests have a great lake view with a quick walk to the courtesy dock and launch ramp.


 
 
 




boat rental

whether you are looking for a ski boat, party pontoon, or jet ski… we have a rental boat to fit your needs. book today!


 
 
 
 
 




book your stay online

 




                loading...
            


 
 
 
 




our partners
(located at shanghai marina)

 
 
 



boat sales & service

 


founded in 2008 with a mission to provide absolute first class marine sales and service to the boaters of east tennessee.
we proudly sell chaparral and harris boats.

 
visit aquaknox

visit aquaknox

 



 
 
 



 
 
 





 


houseboat rentals

 


we take pride in providing luxury houseboat charters. with over a decade of experience, we understand it’s the little things that make a big difference.

 
houseboat rentals

houseboat rentals

 
 
 




testimonials

 
 
 







the best customer service on norris lake! we rented 2 different boats from here and each time the service was friendly and personable by the marina staff. we will definitely visit them on our next norris lake vacation. thank you lucas, lisa, and crew!
angela mathes on google
 

 
 




what a fantastic place on norris lake. the food is amazing and the atmosphere is great -- gift shop is awesome too. we had a group of 50 boaters and the service was spectacular! highly recommend!!!
dan solarz on facebook
 

 
 




shanghai has an amazing selection of food! their chicken wrap, shanghai salad, buffalo shrimp and onion rings are awesome! the best item on their menu is the broccoli casserole! great views and seating available inside and outside.
johnna k on tripadvisor
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 




keep in touch
					sign up for the shanghai newsletter!
stay informed about upcoming events, norris lake news, and exclusive customer sales. we promise not to fill your inbox with spam.
				




success!



first name



last name



email





subscribe










 
 
 




shanghai by the numbers

 
 
 



lakeside rooms

 


rental boats

 


overwater slips

 


years in business

 
 
  
  
 
 





shanghai resort & marina

 




1042 shanghai rd lafollette, tn 37766 usa


 
 




							423-562-7651
						

 
 




423-562-7651


 
 




info@shanghairesort.com


 
 
 


need help

 

contact usprivacy policyget directionsjob application

 
 


follow us

 
followfollowfollow
 
 
 
 






facebook




twitter


  

 
 
 


























