









unum insurance | disability insurance | life insurance | financial protection














































skip to main content




 

log in



menu





 



support links


about us


register


log in









unum home page nav


employees & families


employers & plan administrators


brokers & sales partners

















employee benefits, delivered differently







innovative tech


people who listen


purpose driven



advanced solutions and seamless integrations help make benefits easier, more effective, and better connected to the modern workforce.
experienced service teams provide empathy and expertise when it matters most, supporting employees and helping hr navigate the toughest challenges.
unum is committed to helping the working world thrive throughout life's moments and bringing that caring spirit to all our communities.



why choose unum






 





news and events


 unum announced as inaugural workday wellness partner



 


 unum sharpens customer focus with new cxo role



 


 check out the candid conversations unum had at workday rising



 









 











modern financial protections
discover a full range of modern employee benefits to help workers protect their finances, families and livelihoods.








 


                    disability
                

 

 


                    life
                

 

 


                    accident
                

 

 


                    critical illness
                

 

 


                    hospital
                

 

 


                    dental
                

 

 


                    vision
                

 

 


                    pet
                

 










 

innovative leave and care solutions
leave management and care delivered through an advanced digital platform with elevated and timely employee experiences. take work off hr's hands while making it easier for employees to plan leaves, receive benefits, find specialized support and return to work smoothly.

advanced absence management for employers
better leave experiences for employees
connected, expert care when employees need it most
streamlined compliance processes
up-to-date data for insights and integration



explore unum total leave



















seamless integrations with key hr platforms













unum hr connect
saves time and hassle by automatically and seamlessly syncing employee data, enrollment, eligibility and leave with leading hr information systems


explore unum hr connect














unum hr connect partners











 











 











 


























unum broker connect
saves time and effort on implementation, plan setup, eoi and administration with deep integrations for leading benefit platforms


explore unum broker connect














unum broker connect partner











 





























 











simplified benefits experiences
from enrollment to administration, unum platforms help make benefits easier for everyone.











myunum
simple digital experiences for administration and claims


explore myunum














enrollment solutions
engaging education and strategies to boost hr efficiency and employee utilization


learn more






















 

benefits built for today’s small businesses
unum benefits help employers of all sizes protect their workforce and support their employees. our comprehensive benefit offerings help employers of all sizes, across industries, protect their workforce and support their employees.


brokers and sales partners


explore small business solutions
















helpful tools and resources







 
one site, all your benefits
access all your unum benefits — including dental and vision — right from myunum for members.


 
leave and compliance resources
the leave management landscape is complex and ever changing with evolving trends, expectations and regulations.


 
join the unum dental network
enjoy simplified claims, fast payments and dedicated support from a trusted leader with a growing network.












insights from experts in the field


















featured webinar
maine pfml: understanding the final rules

jan 15, 2025            
learn about updates to the program and what your responsibilities are in response to the final rules in our latest webinar.












article
eoi streamlined with hr tech solutions

dec 18, 2024            









article
top hr strategies to build a better 2025

dec 16, 2024            









guide
optimize adp workforce now® with integrated benefits 

dec 03, 2024            









explore more




















175 years
of employee benefits focus and expertise












38 million+
people protected worldwide2

















1 unum internal data and marketing analysis, 2024.
2 unum group internal data, 2023.
















site footer menu

solutions for


employees & families 

employers & plan administrators 

brokers & sales partners 

dental providers 



join our team


careers 

corporate offices 

life at unum 



how we can help


contact unum 

en español 

download a form 

file a claim 

support 



about unum


about us 

investors 

find a field office 



news and insights


hr trends 

newsroom 

unum group blog 










access your account
whether you have unum coverage or offer unum coverage, we are dedicated to serving your needs. our secure website provides information and tools that can help you make the most of your relationship with unum.


log in to your account













 


 


 










                            unum insurance products are underwritten by the subsidiaries of unum group.
                        

                            © 2025 unum group. all rights reserved.  unum is a registered trademark and marketing brand of unum group and its insuring subsidiaries.  
                        

                            ns-200
                        




legal 

privacy 

accessibility 

special notices 

do not sell or share my personal information 













back to top 




