





official site of stargate mystery school presents ancient wisdom












 
				    click here to learn more about us





 



jason martell joins our 2011 egypt tour

 for over 15 years,  he has been one of the leading researchers and lecturers specializing in ancient civilization and their technologies. more  



humanity is about to make a quantum leap!

					      

ancient technologies revealed

click here for a printable itineraryclick here for a  printable flyer 













    jason martell recreated the 2000 year-old  baghdad battery. he tests the artifact on discovery channel:
http://youtube.com/watch?v=wryiiqgbwe0

    could the batteries have been placed inside idols?
    
    visit his website:  xfacts.com










enter here






our honored guests and lecturers:

jason martell
researcher, lecturer, our ancient technology "indiana jones." 

        

dr. roger leir
physician, author, alien implant removal expert.





 									  includes:

											  
the great pyramids													                                                    

											  
the sphinx													                                                    

											  
saqqura													                                                    

											  
memphis
cairo museum                                              		                                                    

											    


									          philae                                                    

											    


										      aswan quarry

										      

											
abu simbel


abydos													                                                                                                                                                            

												    
dendera													                                                    

												  
karnak													                                                    

												  
luxor													                                                    

												  
valley of the kings													                                                    

												  
queens & nobles 
colossi of memnon													                                                    

												  
edfu													                                                    

												  
kom ombo
rammuseum 




















the stargate mystery school is proud to present cutting edge speakers, lectures and tours.






thousands of years ago stargate technology of the gods was lost. the stargate mystery school attunes the experiencer to the consciousness and stargate technology of the gods. mayan, egyptian, sumerian prophecy says it will return by 2012, along with our alignment with the center of our galaxy. this will bring the birth of a new matrix and a new human. we are its elders. we provide examples of stargates and wormholes in the ancient world. see rare images of gods and goddesses wearing the cloak of the illuminati. learn to interpret ancient secret symbols and the signs of our times. see with increased spiritual vision, unite the hemispheres of your brain. what are the implications of new nanotechnology on your spiritual growth, & on the human body? 



the stargate mystery school throws light on the secret science and religion of the galactic core of our milky way galaxy, by revealing the symbol and word code of the healing sun. sumerian myth maintains the anunnaki came to earth from planet x to retrieve them. our bodies were manufactured to mine them (along with gold). the blue apples transform one into an el or shining one, an illuminati. their secrets were sealed long ago. on december 21, 2012 the sun will be in direct alignment with the galactic core. maya prophets claimed 2012 would be a moment of new creation resulting in the transformation of our world. 



our school reveals advanced ancient scientific knowledge about the soul, the self and the body (including dna) encoded in myth and legend. be on your way to decoding the myths and secrets of the ancients as never before. for the ancient sumerians, the story of planet x was the guiding myth of civilization. the gods of planet x, the shining ones, created the human body as an ark or vessel of the soul, a resurrection machine. it was designed to project the soul through the stargate, the arch or ark of the christos to heaven, this is a very profound exploration of stargate consciousness. the stargate mystery school contends that the years 1999-2012 are a season of prophecy culminating, as the mayans say, with the opening of a serpent-rope (wormhole) to heaven.



											not only the sumerian, but the mayan, judeo-christian and templar symbol systems are loaded with stargate imagery. we interpret this time as an era of spiritual initiation and awakening sparked by a new light emerging from the galactic core that will soon have a major impact on the consciousness of earth.





email:  info@ancientwisdomtours.com
 
this is the official website of ancientwisdom.com © 1999























healthy world affiliates

march 2011 spiritual cruise

mazatzin's letter
 "when i heard mazatzin speak, i got goosebumps. the hair stood up on my arms and neck. i realized this guy is the real thing." ...ivy west

   workshop dvd available
 cosmic identity and responsibility, 
preparing for 2012 & beyond


instructor:  mazatzin, founder 
of the house of the aztek heart 

a keeper of the signs of the days of  
the sun and renown authority of the 
ancient indigenous culture and its 
measurements of time and space. 

authority on the “aztek” calendar 
dispels the myths and uncovers the 
truth, proven astronomical, 
anthropological & historical facts      
that the venus transit of june 8, 2004, 
was the first return of "ketzalkoatl", 
as foretold by our ancestors "the 
tonalmachiotl" “the pattern of the sun” 
the true meaning and practice of the 
ancient calendar systems. the tonalpoualli, 
the human calendar & the count of 
tezkatlipoka. preparing for 2012 & the 
next "return of ketzalkoatl.”  venus will transit once again in 2012.


spend a day with jordan maxwell 
3 new dvd's from feb 2010 event now available
at-large 10 rules of commerce 
2 hour dvd $18...more info

spend a day with jordan maxwell
2 hours  $18 ...more info
update ~ dr. roger leir 
90 minutes $15...more info

buy now




