








snewga - southern new england women's golf association










































































































































view the 2025 snewga schedule
























 
snewgaabout snewga snewga board member clubs & club reps past presidents past champions annual awards constitution contact ussnewga news aces president’s page memorial book offers linksmembership new members membership details member clubs & club repstournaments 2025 schedule 2024 schedule tournament archive pace of play tournament guidelines tournament hosting requirement past championsusga course rating handicap info








 














welcome to snewga!






our member clubs are located in connecticut and bordering states, and are inclusive of all women's golf clubs--public, private, and semi-private clubs.  our members are afforded the opportunity to play at our member clubs throughout the season.







learn more











important!






create your golf genius profile to get email updates and register online for tournaments







create profile












 










featured
2024 snewga fall meeting & closing day
the 2024 snewga fall meeting and closing day event were held at indian hill cc in newington, ct on a beautiful fall day. full results and photos are available. 































































































































news








 

 



suzy whaley inducted into connecticut golf hall of fame




 

 



be a rabbit, not a snail!




 

 



stamp out slow play!!




































your browser does not support the video tag.










about us






the southern new england women's golf association, organized in 1956, exists for the promotion of golf for women within the state of connecticut and neighboring states.  snewga membership is open to all women's associations from public, semi-private, and private golf clubs.  there is no handicap limit to join snewga.  for tournaments, however, the handicap limit is in compliance with usga handicap limitations for competitions.



















membership

















snewga annual awards
most improved player & rep of the year


















snewga member clubs and club reps


















meet our president


















join the club






















featured photos





















 











 











 











 











 











 











 




























sign up for our newsletter
















email



  























 















follow us




































contact us






contact webmaster


















© 2020 southern new england women’s golf association    |    designed by knoxweb









 
 










































