



uft dental - uft participating dentist program














098


uft/sids participating dentist program




find dentist


uft/sids advantage


uft wf dental plan


claim form


direct access


contact us






for questions about claims, please call cigna at 800-577-0576
                for questions regarding the dental plan or your eligibility, please call the uft welfare fund at 212-539-0500 or 0539
            

×


















uft/sids participating dentist program
for assistance call us at 516-394-9408 / 866-679-7437
it is important that you discuss your treatment plan and charges with your dentist prior to starting any work. be aware that the fund does not recommend or endorse any dentists. you should exercise the same care and apply the same criteria in selecting a participating dentist that you would when selecting a non-participating dentist.

find a dentist
claim form
uft dental plan
direct access
contact sids






find a participating dentist
please enter your address or simply enter your zip code  1 mile  3 miles  5 miles  10 miles  30 miles  50 miles  all  general  periodontists  endodontists  orthodontists  oral surgeons  pediatric dentistry  prosthodontistsdentist name or phone #:   dentist or office name or phone #state:all statesnew yorknew jerseyconnecticutfloridaarizonacaliforniadistrict of columbiaindianalouisianamarylandmassachusettsmissourinebraskanevadanew mexiconorth carolinaohiooregonpennsylvaniatennessetexasutahvirginiawashingtonlanguage:none selectedalbanianarabicarmenianbanglabangladeshbengalibosnianbulgarianburmesecantonesechinesecreolecroatianczechdutchenglishestonianfarsifilipinofrenchgalogelogeorgiangermangreekgujaratihatianhebrewhindihinduhungarianhunjabiindianitalianjapanesekannadakoreankurdishlatinlatvianlebanesemacedonianmalayalammandarinmarathinepalipanjabipashtopersianpolishportugueseromanianrussianserbiansign languagespanishswedishtagalogtaiwanesetamilteluguthaiturkishukranianurduuzbekvietnemeseyiddishsearch dentists












uft/sids advantage






                                if you or a member of your family who is covered for dental benefits wish to use a participating dentist, select one from the directory of participating dentists and call for an appointment. you can also search for a participating dentist on this website. be sure to identify yourself as an eligible member of the united federation of teachers welfare fund and confirm that the dentist is a uft/sids participating dentist. be aware that although several dentists practice at the same location, only the dentist whose name appears in this directory is a uft participating dentist.

                                this program was developed in cooperation with sids consultants, who monitor the performance of participating providers to ensure that appointments are freely given and honored and that charges for services do not exceed maximum charges listed in the uft welfare fund dental schedule.

                                when you obtain your services from a participating dentist it does not in any way change the nature of your dental plan. plan coverage and allowances are the same for services provided by a participating or non-participating dentist. if you use a non-participating dentist, the fund will pay up to the maximum allowance set forth in the dental schedule and you will be responsible for the difference between that allowance and your dentist’s charge.

                                if you use a participating dentist, the fund will pay your dentist directly and you will not be required to pay the dentist any money except in the following few instances.


for a covered, but non-reimbursable service.
there are services listed in the dental schedule, which, at times, are not payable by the plan. for example: restorations for cosmetic improvement; services for which the alternate benefit provision is applied; where frequency limitations and/or plan maximums have been met. in these instances the participating dentist may not charge more than the dental schedule would have paid for those services, plus any applicable co-payments.
for a specified co-payment.
you are responsible to pay the dentist the patient co-payment amount listed in the dental schedule for certain high-cost services (crowns, bridges, dentures, root therapy, orthodontic treatment, intravenous anesthesia and treatment appliances).
for a non-covered service.
for dental implants: the surgical placement of an implant is not a covered expense. however, participating dentists have agreed to limit their charge for the placement of an implant to $1,200. refer to the uft welfare fund dental schedule item 14: uft discount on non-covered service.
the restoration or prosthesis placed on an implant is not covered. however, the plan will provide a special reimbursement to offset part of the cost for that service. refer to the dental schedule item 15: special reimbursement.
your dental plan applies certain payment limitations based on frequency. for example, the plan will not pay for more than one oral examination in a six month period, or more than one prophylaxis in a three month period. since it is not possible to determine in advance whether benefits will be available for these services, the dentist is entitled to request payment from you pending submission and adjudication of claim. if benefits are available, that money will be refunded.


                                the participating dentist may not charge you more than his/her usual and customary charge for services that are not covered by the dental plan.

                                if you are eligible for dental benefits under another group dental plan in addition to the uft welfare fund dental plan, the dentist is entitled to the benefits available from both plans. the combined payment for any procedure may not exceed the dentist’s usual and customary fee, and payment from the second plan will be applied first to reduce or eliminate any out-of-pocket expenses.

                                it is important to understand that neither sids nor the uft welfare fund recommends any particular dentist. you are responsible to select the dentist of your choice, and should exercise the same care and apply the same criteria in selecting a participating dentist that you would in selecting a non-participating dentist.

                                maintaining high standards of care and patient satisfaction is fundamental to the success of this program. to help in this regard, we ask for your input.
                            


find a participating dentist 














uft direct access - help your family save on dental care

the direct access plan is organized exclusively for uft member and their eligible dependents who are not currently eligible for welfare fund benefits. it is designed to provide access to quality dental care for members and their families at a lower cost.

view more information and enroll in uft direct access
























who is eligibile to uft direct access?
                                family members of uft members who are not covered for dental benefits by the uft welfare fund may enroll as individual or family subscribers. family subscriptions include a spouse or domestic partner, and dependent children up to age 26. this plan may be used as an alternative to cobra for dependent children beyond age 26.
                            






what are the benefits of subscribing?
                                there are more than 700 uft participating dentists located throughout the metropolitan area. these general practice dentists and dental specialists have agreed to limit their charges to the direct access plan schedule. since average dentist charges are generally considerably higher, this represent a substantial reduction in dental expenses for you and your family.
                            






how does the uft direct access work?
                                you are free to choose any participating general or specialist dentist who will provide you with a detailed statement of charges which will be limited to the uft maximum charge. you pay the dentist directly. should there be a discrepency, forward your charges to sids for review and sids will contact the dentist.
                            






how will a dentist know that i and my family are eligible?
                                you can print a card. dentists can visit asonet.com to verify your eligibility using the member id# on your card.
                            






how much does it cost to enroll to uft direct access?
                                the cost of an idividual subscription is $36 annually; family subscriptions cost $48. you may purchase a family subscription covering yourself, your spouse or domestic partner and dependant children up to age 26. children over the age of 26 and family members may also purchase an individual subscription or family subscription.
                            


view more information and enroll in uft direct access









or call





516-394-9408
866-679-7437 (toll free)
9am - 5pm eastern




email





planinfo@uftdental.com




report issue or complaint regarding participating dentist


contact us



first name


                                valid first name is required.
                            


last name


                                valid last name is required.
                            



email 


                            please enter a valid email address.
                        


telephone number (optional)


                            please enter a valid telephone number.
                        


your message 


                            please let us know how we can help.
                        




send sids/uft a message





        sids                                303 merrick roadlynbrook, ny 11563                                                  866-679-7437                                    privacy    translate page to:             © sids, inc. 2017-2025. all rights reserved. when you visit or interact with our sites, services or tools, we may use cookies for storing information to help provide you with a better, faster and safer experience and for marketing purposes.     












    general statement  ×    cookies asonet.com uses cookies to improve service.  click here to view our complete cookie policy.  privacy policy consent at any point you may exit our site.  if you continue to use the site, that implies your consent to our privacy policies. click here to view our complete privacy policy.  if you have further questions please email us.   close          ×      close   






directions

×






close






