






elite investigations | las vegas private investigators | private detectives
 














































  1-866-go-elite

leave us a review


facebook




twitter




google



  

 



leave us a review


facebook




twitter




google



  


 












domestic investigations

spousal surveillance
background checks

pre-dating and premarital investigations
assets research
civil & criminal records research
child support & wage verification


missing persons search
bug detection services

bug sweep services
electronic countermeasures


private investigation faq
hire a las vegas private investigator


corporate investigations

insurance fraud
workmans compensation fraud
witness and missing persons search
corporate surveillance
attorney services/support
auto insurance fraud
aoe/coe interviews/statements
fmla violation/verification
pre-employment background checks
internal theft/fraud
workplace misconduct
bug detection services

bug sweep services
electronic countermeasures


corporate investigations faq
hire an investigator
trained corporate investigators


about us
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 











protecting your interests
your privacy in completing any investigation is always safeguarded.  our discreet las vegas private investigators are trained to conduct surveillance, locate people and witnesses, investigate fraud, trademark infringement, check for hidden spy devices in your home, office or vehicle and many other types of private investigations.
hire elite investigations










elite investigations is 5-star rated on google!







view reviews







find the truth when you need to know
hire las vegas private investigators for spousal investigations, surveillance, background checks and finding missing persons, handled with professional discretion.

learn more







las vegas private investigators
elite investigations takes every private investigation & detective case seriously and we utilize every available resource to solve your problem. we know las vegas and the elite team of las vegas private investigators has the experience, tactics and professionalism for any domestic or corporate challenge you may be facing.

largest private investigations company in nevada

largest investigative company in nevada
largest number of full-time investigative professionals based in las vegas
largest footprint in domestic investigations


learn more











what is a private investigator?
professional private investigators have multiple responsibilities, and the skills and training to execute them. our investigative team has decades of experience investigating cases for organizations and people to discover the truth. contact us to discuss your specific needs and we will show you the difference it makes to work with the most professional private investigator agency in las vegas.



did you know?
experts say that a gut instinct is the most powerful indicator of a cheating lover. 85% of women and 50% of men who feel their lover is cheating are correct.
95% of the domestic cases we investigate result in confirming that the spouse is cheating.







domestic investigations
if you need more information to make an important decision, the elite team of private detectives is on your side. find out what you need to know with a free consultation from the leading private investigators in las vegas. background checks, spousal surveillance, assets research and missing persons searches are just a few of our areas of expertise.

hire an elite detective



corporate investigations
keeping up with the costs of doing business means knowing what you’re up against. elite private detectives specialize in corporate investigative services, including: insurance fraud , surveillance, witness and missing person searches, attorney services and support, pre-employment background checks and more. we are the best trained & equipped private detective agency in las vegas.

learn more







some of our specialties







investigate cheating spouses
if you suspect that you have a cheating spouse or partner, you always have the right to know. we understand that this is a difficult and delicate situation. our team of experienced private investigators will handle your case with the utmost discretion and respect.







background checks
do you want to know the real truth about a person in your life? do you want to know this truth without being swindled by sleazy background check services? at elite investigations, our team of expert private investigators will find the information on any individual in a timely manner.







missing persons
have you been searching for a missing loved one, a long lost friend, biological parents, or even someone who you have a civil judgment against? are you having no luck finding this person? at elite investigations, we have a team of seasoned investigators and access to thousands of information databases, many that are off limits to the general public.









bug detection
espionage with bugs is extremely widespread in the corporate world. this includes spying using hidden cameras, time-lapse recorders, secret listening devices, or even installing spyware onto your computer. surveillance technology can be installed by competitors or even your own employees.







insurance fraud
insurance fraud, especially when it comes to disability payments, drains your resources and can be very costly for many years. at elite investigations, our team of private investigators has the experience and training to see the red flags that are indicative of insurance fraud.







employee background checks
hiring an employee is creating a huge bond of trust. but how do you know exactly who you are hiring? at elite investigations, we can do pre-employment background checks, both nationally and internationally.











702-897-8473
7435 s. eastern avenue
las vegas, nv 89123
nevada license no. 873.
elite investigations is the largest private investigations company based in nevada.



contact us

	notice: javascript is required for this content.









 







investigative resources
refer elite investigations
legal notices
news
site map
 



© 2025 elite investigations - las vegas private investigators - designed by 3prime
 














































