








mika hakkinen - hakkinen.com















































 





skip to content

hakkinen.com
mika hakkinen fan site


menu
home
news
biography
mclaren
racing history
quotes
results
webmail
 



 





mika hakkinen


mika hakkinen is the 1998 and 1999 fia formula one world champion. he won both of his titles driving for the west mclaren mercedes team. while hakkinen won the driver’s championship in 1998, the team took the constructor’s title, thanks in part to team mate david coulthard. in 1999 hakkinen clinched the driver’s title for a second time, in the final race of the season at suzuka, japan. scuderia ferrari took the constructor’s title.
mika hakkinen, 1998 and 1999 formula 1 world champion
in 2000, however, michael schumacher and ferrari took both the driver’s and constructor’s titles respectively, it being schumacher’s third in his career and ferrari’s first driver’s title in 21 years.
back in 1998 the mclaren pair dominated the season, thanks to the outright superiority of the adrian newey engineered car. the only challenge was from ferrari, who managed to improve their car in the mid and latter parts of the season, although it was still not up to the same level as the mclaren. michael schumacher was however able to use it as a tool to provide a challenge to hakkinen for the driver’s title – the last race of the season at suzuka, japan was the decider.
in 1999, the mclaren team decided to go for an all new car, rather than improving upon the 1998 chassis and entering with that. although the car was fast they experienced reliability problems during the early part of the season. the ferrari team had also closed the gap significantly and were pressing for the championship themselves. however, michael schumacher crashed out at the british gp due to rear brake malfunction, leaving a somewhat incapable eddie irvine to take over the mantle. although the championship went down to the wire, the very last race of the season, mika once again reclaimed his title. he led the race from the beginning and finished first.
michael schumacher (left) congratulating mika on his championship win, japan 1999
in 2000, ferrari somewhat closed down the technical advantage that mclaren had enjoyed in previous years. this allowed for a more competitive environment and a true battle between the mclarens and ferraris for the world championship. unfortunately mclaren seemed to have their unluckiest season for a long time, with rule infringements and crazy men on track all losing them valuable points. after hakkinen placed second in the world championship he graciously acknowledged schumacher’s win.
2001 was not such a good year for mika, he suffered with an unreliable car among other things. at the end of the season he decided to take a sabbatical year out during 2002. subsequently, he announced his retirement from formula 1 mid-way through that year.
the ultimate f1 review of 1999
if you’re a hakkinen fan, the 1999 formula one yearbook is a great souvenir, with mika featuring on the cover. there is no better way to keep a record of mika’s stunning second title victory.
the book contains a photographic review of the entire 1999 world championship season, combined with detailed reports and analyses of each of the sixteen grand prix races. for each race a two-page spread shows the starting line-up, a detailed account of the race and the result, together with a description of the circuit, the weather conditions on the day of the race, and the particular issues and talking points that dominated discussion at the time.
other chapters focus on the key issues of the season, illustrated with photographs and superb cut-away drawings of the main competing cars. finally, the book contains a 100-page portfolio of glorious colour photographs covering the entire season. remember the action and excitement of the formula 1 season with this definitive record of a memorable world championship.







recent posts


mika racing at suzuka 10 hours


mika on his favourite moment in f1


mika and coulthard reflect on being teammates


mika retired from formula 1


search

search for:



merchandise



 click above to watch mika’s 1998 and 1999 championship winning seasons!



 




 hakkinen.com is not endorsed by, affiliated, or associated with mika hakkinen or mclaren. all photos on this site are, unless otherwise stated,
© schlegelmilch and used by special permission. all other text and graphics are copyright © 1999- hakkinen.com. all rights reserved. privacy policy. contact details.

 



proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: sela by wordpress.com.		


 this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept




















