






iatse local 487 | maryland, dc, virginia




















































 







































member login












make a payment













join local 487

what to know
application request form
covered crafts – broadcast technicians
covered crafts – studio mechanics
non local 487 member request to work in the jurisdiction
setiquette
meetings


officers & staff
member resources

get involved!
helpful links
report work form
3% assessment authorization
faq
member owned businesses
film office links


members

important links
restricted content
constitution and by-laws
restricted content


contact












 











welcome to local 487
we are the multi-talented, award-winning crew members that help make movies, commercials, and television shows possible. local 487 proudly represents the technicians, artisans, and craftspeople in the mid-atlantic region since 1990. 
 








we are

grips, electricians, medics, greenskeepers and location managers. we do set construction, costumes, sound, craft service, props, special effects and set dressing.
some of us took a direct route to our dream job. others tried different careers before discovering this vocation. the work is challenging and the hours are long, but for the right individual the satisfaction is great.
we are freelancers who have banded together to help each other. the more of us who unite, the better off we will be, individually and collectively. we are here to protect each other, and to improve the lives of ourselves, our friends and our families.














































 









i.a.t.s.e. local 487
2301 russell streetbaltimore, md 21230

410-732-0414









search for:








make a payment









©2025 i.a.t.s.e. 487. all rights reserved | privacy policy | site by sparks!



 























































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you accept these cookies.acceptprivacy policy


