



scuba dive center and snorkeling, captains corner key west fl.











































captains corner dive centercome dive key west with captain’s corner today!home
about us

our dive center
our pricing
faqs
galleries

our favorite key west dive images
wreck diving around key west images
excursions and “discover diving” images
our scuba school / dive academy images
videos




dive trips

daily reef dives
daily wreck dives
private charters and night dives


1-day discover scuba diving
padi certifications

open water certification
advanced open water certification
rescue diver certification
dive master certification
specialty certifications


contact us
call us 305-296-8865

come dive with captain’s corner today!

https://captainscorner.com//wp-content/uploads/2013/04/seaeagle.mp4
 
dive key west with captain’s corner in historic old town
captain’s corner has been in operation since 1985 as a padi 5 star dive center and has key west’s only on-site training pool. we offer a full range of scuba diving courses from discover scuba diving and open water certification all the way up to dive master, as well a variety of specialty courses. we pride ourselves on having the best instructors, guides and boat crew on the island.
already certified? just hop on our boat and admire the third largest coral barrier reef in the world. the reefs sites we go to are located within the national marine sanctuary, which means they’re protected area’s and therefore have a spectacular coral and fish life. or dive the vandenberg, this wreck was rated as the number 1 wreck in the world by the readers of scuba diving magazine. she’s the second largest artificial reef in the world and bucket-list dive for many experienced divers!
our key west dive center
captain’s corner is a fully equipped professional dive training facility and has been a padi 5 star dive center for more than two decades. our classes are small and personal and start every day. the pool and classroom are conveniently located in a lush, quiet tropical environment downtown, just a block off duval street and two blocks from our boat dock a the key west bight marina.
our dive boat the sea eagle
the sea eagle is a newton 46’ dive special. this dive boat is roomy & comfortable. she has 2 levels so that our guests can enjoy plenty of sunshine or stay in the shade. amenities include a camera table & rinse bins, two large dive ladders, swim platform, enclosed marine head (bathroom), fresh water showers, spacious bow, and state of the art electronics. she uses twin cummins engines which supply over 800hp. this custom dive boat has every amenity a diver needs!
            
          
booth/boat: 631 greene street – dive center: 125 ann street – phone: 305-296-8865 – email: info@captainscorner.com
book now key west boat charters scuba school
© copyright 2013













