










home | college writing programs






















skip to main content









toggle navigation








                                      college writing programs                                  


 



search terms 


 submit search

 

home
about us faculty
staff
students
work with us
30 years

courses spring
summer
fall

resources for students
for instructors
writing across berkeley
peregrine

news berkeley writers at work
chiang research festival

berkeley writing assessment example topic
structure and scoring

sels about sels
sels faculty
sels students
placement exam
sels faqs

faqs





secondary navigation

summer english language studies
30 years






 







 








 



















college writing programs





image credit: 
elena zhukova 




















      recent news    











new publication by dr. aparajita nanda
february 2, 2025dr. a. nanda is the co-editor of a new publication, passing: anatomies and physiologies of identity transformations. ed. mihaela mudure and aparajita nanda. university press of cluj, romania, 2024.read more about new publication by dr. aparajita nanda 












fostering connections conference call for proposals
december 19, 2024we would like to invite you to the second fostering connections conference on saturday, august 9th, 2025, at the uc berkeley school of education. this event aims to bring...read more about fostering connections conference call for proposals 












college writing has joined bluesky
november 22, 2024join us on bluesky for news and updates. @ucberkeleywriting.bsky.socialread more about college writing has joined bluesky 












berkeley brainwaves: michael larkin on ai in humanities
october 22, 2024michael larkin spoke about "ai in the humanities" in an interview that recently aired on the kalx radio program,...read more about berkeley brainwaves: michael larkin on ai in humanities 





 







we are the heart of writing instruction at uc berkeley
- contact us -









college writing programs staff and faculty, 2024












welcome to college writing programs
please explore our site to find out about our amazing faculty, a group that includes essayists, novelists, poets, journalists, academic writers, translators, playwrights, and more. you can also learn about our different programs, such as the chiang research festival, berkeley writers at work, or the summer reading list. most importantly, you can discover how we help students at all levels write and communicate. if you don’t find what you are looking for here, please be sure to contact us. 

- maggie sokolik







      events    





 



summer reading list
we invite you to peruse the latest edition of the uc berkeley summer reading list for new students.








 



berkeley writers at work
the berkeley writers at work series was begun in 1997 as a forum for campus writers of note to discuss their writing process.








 



chiang research festival
the chiang research festival is a celebration of student research, giving students the opportunity to present their research to an audience of peers and develop an academic community larger and richer than any one classroom. 





















give to college writing programs
support the college writing programs fund

















berkeley writing assessment
formerly analytical writing placement exam

















writing across berkeley
articles for instructors, by instructors

















college writing programs newsletter
join our newsletter




















 
 
 
 
 









follow us:facebook
youtube
instagram
 






home
credits
 








119 wheeler hallberkeley, ca 94720-2500510-642-5570collegewriting@berkeley.edu  














powered by open berkeley
accessibility statement
nondiscrimination policy statement
privacy statement
copyright © 2025 uc regents; all rights reserved




back to top








