






jeneck's rottweilers | rottweiler breeders | rottweiler puppies | 
rottweilers






















home   
|   rottweilers males   |  
rottweilers females   |  
rottweilers youth   |   
jeneck's gallery   |   
rottweilers heads up   |   
rottweilers working   |   contact 
us 

  




jeneck's rottweilers was established in the early 1970's. we pride ourselves in breeding the best rottweiler 
bloodlines from germany. what makes us different from most rottweiler kennels in the u.s. is that we've taken these rottweilers and consistently produced rottweilers than can compete successfully in both schutzhund and conformation anywhere in the world. when one of our rottweiler stud dogs or rottweiler brood bitches is retired, we do not need to keep going to europe to replace them because we've bred our own dogs that are as good, or better, than those that are retiring. actually, the europeans are using our stud dogs and buying rottweiler puppies from us to improve their lines. we are the only rottweiler kennel that has four living national sieger winners. one that has won this title twice. three which also have won national schutzhund championships. we have owned or bred 10 national siegers and siegerin title holders and four national schutzhund champions. our sires have also produced many champions, siegers, siegerins, schutzhund title holders, and national winners for other rottweiler breeders.
we have also bred numerous akc champions and working title holders including a best of opposite at westminster. jeneck's rottweilers has produced more siegers, siegerins, youth siegers, youth siegerins, most beautiful in show winners, and schutzhund title dogs than any other rottweiler kennel in the u.s.
we are also extremely proud of the fact that not only have we bred more rottweilers for schutzhund but also have trained and handled more rottweilers to schutzhund titles than any other kennel in the united states.
 

some of the accomplishments of eckart 
				salquist


				 




founder & 1st pres. usrc united states rottweiler 
					club

founder & 1st pres. arv american 
					rottweiler  verein

founder & 1st pres. rottweiler performance 
					club

co founder awdf american working dog 
					federation

founder & training director for 20yrs river 
					city sport dog club 

trained ,titled & bred  more rottweilers 
					from 0 to schh iii than anyone else in the u.s.

bred more rottweilers that have earned 
					seiger, seigerin, youth seiger & seigerin, best puppy & most 
					beautiful in show than  anyone else in the u.s.

captain u.s. ifr team 2000


bred more rottweilers & owned sires of 
						more rottweilers to make u.s. world ifr team than anyone else in 
						the us




 


join us on facebook!
 







left: kurt salquist - 1st gradecenter: jeneck's wotan, schh iii, ipo 
	iii, fh, ad gekort bis ezaright: jeneck's santor, schh iii, fh, ad, 
	gekort



 







left: jeneck's quic, schh iiicenter: kurt salquist - ptright:  
	jeneck's goucho, schh iii



 





the jenecks rottweiler video

video for sale. this rottweiler video contains film on candid 
	working and show shots of many of our rottweilers over the past 25 years. 
	there is video of rottweilers such as jeneck's wotan, santor, flash, uno, 
	auer, bessy, gitta, tina, indy, tim von mummler, oleo vom hause schmidgall, 
	cira von eselsburgertal, donna von schwaiger wappen, thekla von hennekamp, 
	and more.
      note: this is not a professional video, it is film shot over the years 
		of our rottweilers for our own use.

price: $50.00 u.s. plus $3.00 shipping in u.s. & 
	$6.00 foreign

pay by checkplease mail check to:
      eckart salquist10904 e. halliday roadcolbert, wa 99005 usa
make check payable to: eckart salquist
credit cardwithin the u.s.
pay online with paypalsecure server


credit cardforeign
pay online with paypalsecure server






 






click on any link to see more





	rottweiler males




	rottweiler females




rottweiler youth



rottweilers heads up




rottweiler working photos
 






we now offer a training service

bh, ztp (bst), schtuzhund, korungs, agility, obedience, tracking, 
	protection or personal protection.
      we also offer seminars 
for more info contact us at (509) 238-4783
 

rottweiler related links

 my training club arv - american rottweiler verein dvg america  dog hobbyist
vom 
blaurasen rottweilers
 vom wolfsberg - gerhard apel 
(germany)
 vom hapki rottweilers - bill gwak
 von 
kaden rottweilers - dennis & kati hughes
 veillis rottweilers - 
richard mayo
 








this rottie ring site owned byjenecks rottweilers
	[ next page | random | next 5 | list sites]want to join the ring? get 
	the info.



 







awards this webpage has received




 



 






last updated on may 15, 2012

thanks for visiting!


you may phone us at (509)238-4783.
do not call before 8am or after 9pm pacific coast time.








jenecks@aol.com






for technical difficulties pertaining to this 
website please contact the webmaster
website designed and maintained by ~ christina meacham 
~ 
clm.webdesign@insightbb.com




copyright © 1998 to present 

jenecks 
rottweilers  
all rights reserved.  do not duplicate without permission. 
 rottweiler breeders  |  rottweiler puppies  |  german rottweiler puppies  
|  rottweiler breeder located in spokane, washington

 

home   
|   rottweilers males   |  
rottweilers females   |  
rottweilers youth   |   
jeneck's gallery   |   rottweilers 
heads up   |   rottweilers working   
|   contact us

