










san diego chapter of the american society of appraisers
















































 


skip to content





























about
disciplines
find an appraiser
membership
news and events
contact









 













welcome to the san diego chapter of the american society of appraisers







find a local san diego appraiser

























about asa
san diego chapter
the san diego chapter of the american society of appraisersis a multi-discipline, non-profit, international organization of professional appraisers representing all appraisal disciplines. our mission is to foster the public trust of our members and the appraisal profession through compliance with the highest levels of ethical and professional standards.learn more >>

















every appraisal assignment is different. search asa’s nationwide database of appraisers to find the right one for you.





find an appraiser



















news and events












 





post-loss and damage appraisals for insurance claims after the california wildfires



how appraisers from the american society of appraisers can help with post-loss and damage appraisals [...]					




14
jan










 





asa san diego chapter: holiday dinner 2024



when: tuesday, december 3, 2024 @ 5:30 pm where: 3rd corner – 897 s. coast [...]					




18
nov










 





orfila wine tasting & business valuation event



the importance of choosing an accredited senior appraiser for business valuation when it comes to [...]					




03
apr










 





fine art appraisers in san diego



when it comes to valuing fine art in san diego, selecting the right appraiser is [...]					




26
jan










 





choosing an accredited personal property appraiser in san diego



when it comes to assessing the value of personal property, such as fine art, antiques, [...]					




26
jan










 





choosing an accredited jewelry appraiser in san diego



when it comes to assessing the value of your precious jewelry, it’s essential to entrust [...]					




25
jan










 





asa san diego chapter: happy hour



asa san diego chapter: happy hour host: kathleen m. turner location: 2253 tigereye pl carlsbad, [...]					




24
jul










 





virtual town hall | state of the global markets and their effect on business valuation



continuing professional education (cpe) credits: 2-hours | requires attendees to respond to all attendance verification [...]					




16
may











 







why an asa appraiser?









experience
asa certified appraisers have minimum five years of experience.






education
asa designation may be obtained only after completion of rigorous course of training and a challenging evaluation process.






ethics
asa appraisers must comply with the principles of appraisal practice and code of ethics established by the american society of appraisers.






credibility
asa accreditation enhances in litigation proceedings.


















asa disciplines
appraisal review and management
business valuation
gems and jewelry
machinery and technical specialties
personal property
real property






























sign up for updates!















































menuabout
disciplines
find an appraiser
membership
follow us 






© copyright 2022 - san diego chapter of the american society of appraisers      









about
disciplines
find an appraiser
membership
news and events
contact















