


deyeme racing

























our products 
our projects 


 

register  log in 










welcome to our website!

deyeme racing has been improving modern mopars and other select vehicles with unique mods since 1997!
                  
                  started as a hobby with the purchase of a 1996 dodge neon acr for scca solo racing, we have since designed, manufactured, and sold
                  thousands of products for the fiat 124 spider, dodge dart, jeep wrangler, and many others, as well as kawasaki
                  motorcycles & watercraft, and of course the neons that started it all. 
                  deyeme racing's founder and co-owner has been an auto enthusiast since the purchase of his first car,
                  a 1971 dodge dart.  currently, deyeme racing owns project vehicles of varied types,
                  including the hot fiat 124 spider, an economical mitsubishi mirage, and an always capable jeep wrangler!
                  
                  where we take the mods with each project is a reflection of our use for it- race or show, cruising or hauling-
                  all factors are taken into consideration to get the best possible performance, and look great doing it!
                  









                  our 2017 fiat 124 spider is our flagship project and solo racecar.  mods are no-frills all-thrills, with an eye on maximum performance,
                  making this car highly competitive and a blast to drive.
                  the challenger is our weekend cruiser.  with creature comforts and a hemi v8 it does its job well.
                  the wrangler fills in where a car just can't, capable of taking on the big jobs, like shipping and receiving,
                  and serving as our winter daily and summer fun hauler.
                  lastly, our sea-doo speedster is as much fun in the water as our racecar is on land.  with over 200hp on tap
                  from its supercharged engine, and a marine stereo to crank up the tunes, it's no wonder that when we're not in the
                  shop or at the track, we're on the beach!
                  
                  when we started racing our neon back in 1997, it was quickly apparent that there was little aftermarket support for
                  domestic sport compacts.  we began fabricating our own parts, selling each new product to finance the
                  next.  starting with items like our dual-durometer engine mounts and adjustable fuel preesure regulator,
                  we grew in product lineup and vehicles supported, and added more unique items like aluminum
                  radiator and tow loop brackets.
                  
                  today, we support many makes and models, selling and installing numerous major brands while
                  still developing our own unique items in numerous materials and manufacturing disciplines to support the auto enthusiast communities
                  we serve.  our focus now is as it was over 20 years ago, which is supporting modern mopars and autocross racing!
                




so, where do we go from here?

                  after selling our old race car, we'd been waiting for a suitable replacemenet, and finally found one in the
                  fiat 124 spider.  now, in addition to our own products, we also carry many major brands at great
                  prices.  we're now working to become your one-stop performance shop,
                  whether for daily driving, show, hardcore track use, or heavy hauling.
                  we are dedicated to the communities we serve!  more than just another business that simply sells whatever
                  comes to market, we're genuine enthusiasts and care about our customers!
                   we continuously test and improve the parts we make, and are always performing research and development to
                  bring new items to our lineup.  we also install products we sell on our own project cars so we can offer
                  technical support and real world experience with the items we carry.
                  
                  our secure online ordering system is available 24/7 to place your order and track its status. 
                  as always, if there's something you'd like to inquire about, a part you feel we should carry, or just want to say
                  "hi" feel free to contact us!
                


what are we up to now?

                  check out our facebook
                  page to see what we've been up to lately.  when we add new products and install new parts, you'll hear about it there first! 
                  places to go and things to do are posted on our events calendar. 
                  if you'd like to see what we have for your ride, hit the our products link up top.  you can
                  see what we've done with our own vehicles on their individual our projects pages. 
                  we always have quite a few irons in the fire, but we do our best to keep the pages updated.








                  hi there!  i hope you enjoy browsing this site.  please email me if there's anything
                  i can do to improve this site, its content, or if there's something you'd like to see made for your car that isn't currently available.
                   thanks for visiting!
                  












      © 2000-2025
    


about us   |  
      contact us   |  
      f a q   |  
      mission & values



      digital/mechanical advanced solutions
    







