

hoagland.org -- jim hoagland's home page

 

welcome to hoagland.org




thanks for stopping by my home page. there are many things here to see, so i hope you find something you like. if you have any comments about these pages, just drop me a note. enjoy. -- jim
p.s. this site was hosted between 1994 and 2005 at http://seclab.cs.ucdavis.edu/, but it is now http://hoagland.org.  please update any links and bookmarks you may have.  i have done some amount of updating of the site, but needs more and needs to be modernized.  if my wife or family wants web pages, i'll put them up here.




my profiles on other sites

my linkedin profile
my github, with a small percentage of my software engineering work
stackoverflow

some of my work with symantec

my posts from symantec (mostly when i was on the advanced threat research team)
my slides from my presentation at blackhat '07 (.pps, large .pdf): "vista network attack surface analysis and teredo security implications"
my slides from cansecwest '07 (.pps, large .pdf): "vista's network attack surface"
report: windows vista network attack surface analysis (this edition covers release build of vista)
report: the teredo protocol: tunneling past network security and other security implications
rfc 5991: teredo security updates
rfc 6169: security concerns with ip tunneling
symsa-2007-005: vista windows firewall incorrectly applies filtering to teredo interface
rfc 6564: a uniform format for ipv6 extension headers

some of my personal pages on this site

about me 
    
jim, as a married man (placeholder)
jim, as a professional (placeholder)
jim, as an academic
my interests (not updated)
	 how to contact me

some pictures i have taken, mostly of natural settings:
    
photos from philippines 2005
photos from bahamas 2001
photos from england 1999
photos from boston october 1999
pictures from hiking half dome in yosemite 8/22/98
some pictures of the uc davis arboretum
my english folk dance group at the 1997 folsom faire
many photos from oregon, where i interned summer 1997
	 much more! ...

some of my programs
do you know a hoagland? or want to? then check out my web pages for people and places with the name "hoagland". 
  www stuff 
   
documentation on the deprecated hfpm, pipeline, cgi fpi, and getcomments.
	 look at an outline used for a security lab tutorial that i gave on www, html, and mosaic in october '94. this is quite outdated actually, now here just for fun. 
   
an info page on the cool graphical layout program, dot.  dot is now freely available from at&t.

some other web sites i maintain

my geocities home page

bridge at borders in davis (old).
  home page for the october 23, 1999 cafe bridge tournament in davis.

























 





web



hoagland.org



















copyright © by james hoagland
www.hoagland.org |
webmaster@hoagland.org

3 september 2005 
on the web since 1994



