






p. j. reilly contracting – residential and commercial site excavation services

























































skip to content














toll free 610.458.3140







home
our services
who we are
our work
contact us





















residential and commercialsite excavation services 
							p. j. reilly contracting co., inc. is a full-service site contractor, completingearthwork, paving, and utility pipe installation across the delaware valley. 
							our services » about us »
 

















our services
we are a full-service site contractor providing excavation, utility and asphalt paving construction services for our clients, from small fast track to large site improvement projects.


read more






about the company
at p. j. reilly contracting we have enjoyed long-term relationships with our clients since 1992. our employees aspire to the highest levels of quality and safety. over 40 pieces of equipment and trucks support their efforts.


read more






work with us
we are eager to perform on all size jobs from a single basement excavation to million dollar plus site improvement projects. we are experienced in handling small fast track jobs to large technical site projects.


read more











featured works















filter categoriesfilter - allprojects





byers station

(chester springs, pa)

byers station lennar & toll brothers
final phases 2015-2016 and beyond
carriages, singles and townhouses (227 units)

all lot work included excavation, grading, water & sewer laterals, meter pits.









euro motor cars

(devon, pa)

2017
devon park drive – euro motor cars – off site inventory parking lot
203 car parking lot
built under heavy utility transmission lines
over a mile of underground pipe
storm management beds included almost a mile of drainage pipe and 3,000 tons of stone

view video









private estate

(willistown, pa)

2012-2016
complete site work for new barn
addition to historic house and new main house

work included demolition, excavation, relocating barn, renovations, storm sewer and retentions and “red stone” top paving.









st. georges storm tank

(ardmore, pa)

2015
placed 57 units by 3:00 pm

“storm tank” module installation prep and install large “storm tank” precast concrete vessels for storm water retention.









byers station

(chester springs, pa)

2005-2016
toll brothers, orleans, k. hovnanian & lennar

from the beginning, completed large portion of lots (over 80% of the 600+ homes), work also included walking trails, basin conversion and retrofit work.









st. georges condominium

(ardmore, pa)

2015-2016
site work for (31) high-end condominiums
64 car underground garage

substantial haul off of unsuitables and replacement. all site work included unclassified excavation, storm sewer, footing excavations, backfield, water & sewer and paving.









ardrossan estate
ardrossan estate
(villanova, pa)

pohlig homes
2016-present
we have worked on 7 of the 15 homes in the estate.
completed ivy lane, a 1,200 foot road with all utilities.

site work includes excavation, grading, road work, water main, sanitary, and meter pits.
philly.com article








tiburon

(berwyn, pa)

bentley homes
2020 – present
completed prescott road extension. 1,000 ft roadway + cul-de-sac install. site work included road excavation, grading, concrete curb, storm water management, gravity + force main sanitary sewer and water main extension.
12 single home subdivision w/ 1+ acre lots. lot work included excavation, grading, on-lot infiltration beds, water & sewer laterals, and meter pit installation.

site aerial video:https://vimeo.com/631307396



















testimonials







						“thanks for the quick response to our sinkhole repair. it’s important in my position to have a great contractor that i can call in an emergency. as always, your crew completed the repair in a professional manner.”


william h. steele –  director of public works –  east whiteland township




“these guys were the best! great communication and service throughout the company.”


dave malec –  the pohlig companies




“i just checked the paving and it is a fantastic job. please tell jake and bill that i thank them for a perfect job.”


jim norcini –  norcini builders




“the township, through its contractors, princeton hydro and p.j. reilly contracting co., inc. did a thorough and professional job of remediating the sinkhole in the public right of way in front of my property. i appreciate the high quality work that was performed to remediate the sink hole. it turned out to be a pretty significant excavation and involved a number of public utilities. my thanks to all involved.”


laurence m. morgan –  tredyffrin township resident 




“after the work was completed on friday, the site received a high intensity, short duration storm which resulted in erosion of soil and the loss of stability of the roadway. pj reilly returned to the site friday evening to make emergency repairs and to build a temporary bridge to restore access to the cul de sac area. they did a great job getting everything back in order.”


stephen duba –  project engineer –  princeton hydro




“you guys did a hell of a job on this project…excellent to work with the entire team.”


darren cassidy –  palmer construction




“phil – thank you for your help with this project. you and your team really came through!!!  thank you”


matt gorman –  partner –  gorman & co. real estate investments




“hey, you guys got both end walls set and pipe in, absolutely unbelievable job down here! looks so great, and with this rain coming in, they busted it out!
					

bob miller –  superintendent –  pohlig builders






awards

we were awarded best paving company in chester county for 2021.
thanks to our team for great customer service and quality paving and thank you to our wonderful customers! we look forward to more quality paving work in chester county in 2022.
.













our promise



to provide the highest quality site contracting and excavation services through a team-based approach, with high integrity, safety and professionalism, while continuously striving to exceed our client’s expectations.












our clients













































view more













 






follow us   






 

about p. j. reilly contractingp. j. reilly contracting co., inc. is a full-service site contractor, completing earthwork, paving, and utility pipe installation across the delaware valley. 

home
our services
who we are
our work
contact us
 

corporate office557 w. uwchlan avenue
suite 220
exton, pa  19341
610.458.3140
office@pjreilly.com
fax: 610-458-3144 







						copyright © 2025 p. j. reilly contracting co., inc.					

contact us
disclaimer
privacy policy
 







 



























