






knox area rescue ministries – restoring lives in jesus' name



























































 















skip to content








get help nowabundant life cateringurban table food truckkarm storesstore locationsdonation guidelinesschedule a donationvolunteer at karm storescareers at karm storescorners of your field2023 annual reportmy account remember meregister 












  


search for:








who we areabout ushomelessness faqscontactcareersnews and awardsrescueemergency serviceskarm careoutreachrelationshipslaunchpointnew lifeserenitykarm worksrestorationaftercarevideosnewslettersget connectedvolunteerprayereventscorporate engagementchurchesthe “i had no idea” tourways to givedonate itemsfundraise for karmgive monthlyplanned givingblank dashdonate 


search for:








who we areabout ushomelessness faqscontactcareersnews and awardsrescueemergency serviceskarm careoutreachrelationshipslaunchpointnew lifeserenitykarm worksrestorationaftercarevideosnewslettersget connectedvolunteerprayereventscorporate engagementchurchesthe “i had no idea” tourways to givedonate itemsfundraise for karmgive monthlyplanned givingblank dashdonateget help nowwho we areabout ushomelessness faqscontactcareersrescueemergency serviceskarm careoutreachrelationshiplaunchpointnew lifeserenitykarm worksrestorationaftercarevideosnewslettersget connectedvolunteerprayereventscorporate engagementchurchesthe “i had no idea” tourways to givedonate itemsfundraise for karmgive monthlyplanned givingkarm storesstore locationsdonation guidelinesschedule a donationvolunteer at karm storescareers at karm storescorners of your fieldabundant life cateringurban tabledonate2023 annual report







search for:




















homenewframe2025-02-12t23:14:33+00:00 

karm care
serenity
launchpoint
volunteer
new life
abundant life catering
karm works
karm stores
outreach
homelessness —poverty —mental health —addictionjust four words…but these words bring more than 5,000 men and women through the doors of knox area rescue ministries every year. since 1960, karm has helped men and women struggling with homelessness, poverty, mental health and addiction to pick up the broken pieces and build a better life—one with a home, job, and loving relationships; a life that is healthy, whole, restored.
restoring lives in jesus’ name. that’s the ministry karm is in 24/7/365.
want to see living proof of jesus’ power to change lives? you’ve come to the right place.

donate
get involved
our programs

what’s in a number?
well, not much on its own. but these 2023 numbers are powerful:
0meals
served0nights of
shelter provided0women and
children served0health care
services providedhere’s how you can help!
just $2.56 provides meals and essential care
for a homeless man or woman.


$25.00
$50.00
$100.00
$250.00
other


stories of restorationthey said i would never walk againi thought no one would help memy darkness is now lighti felt ostracized from societyview karm success storiesnon negotiables











we promise to be
always open
every day of the year, 24 hours a day, knox area rescue ministries provides for our area’s homeless, hungry and hurting neighbors–first supplying rescue services of food and shelter; then providing healthy, supportive relationships; and, ultimately, restoration.
we’re committed to abundant 
biblical hospitality
we believe rescue begins when someone comes through our doors with all their brokenness on display. we meet them there and offer:

safe shelter to more than 300 men, women and children each night
hundreds of meals each day— feeding not only the homeless, but also many in crisis who must choose between food and other daily needs
basic hygiene and clothing needs

we believe in
restoration
karm uses the same ministry formula jesus used:
rescue + relationships = restoration
we believe when rescue is combined with strong, supportive relationships that reflect the heart of jesus, true restoration can occur…restoration to god, self, family and community.
we believe…knox area rescue ministries exists to rescue and restore the poor and needy of the knoxville area by providing recovery services in jesus’ name. we have no denominational affiliation and desire to utilize the full range of gifts in the christian community to accomplish the mission to which god has called us.

donate
volunteer
find assistance




stay connected with us
share in the stories of grace and restoration as we transform the future of knoxville’s poor and needy in jesus’ name.


first name(required)


first

last name(required)


last

email address(required)


 


















close product quick view×


title
















 
 





(865) 673-6540 | info@karm.org


karm stores: (865) 521-0770 
 info@karmstores.com 

careersprivacy policyget helpvolunteerdonatemonthly giving follow us on social

karm







karm stores






 



 
 
 





		©2024 knox area rescue ministries | all rights reserved | site design by new frame creative 

 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link





















 



























 





go to top




