


the world as i see it




















    
	the world as i see it
	










a collection of desultory thoughts and ideas





tuesday, july 22, 2008



	 
	 a day of leave
	 
    


i consider a day off to be worth more then cash itself. if you had to work 20 to 22 days a month for a fixed amount of pay, you can't get me to work 1 more day at the same rate. a day off is so much more. opportunity cost my friends. that makes the difference.i haven't been able to read anything of interest. work is all about how to get through to the end of the day. at the end of the day, in a perfect world, i wouldn't need a nice strong drink.the home front is looking unnervingly calm. don't get me wrong, i am peace loving. its just that this is not the kind of peace i like. then again, "i like big butts and i can not lie you other brothers can't deny" catchy song if you know it though i'm more of a boobs guy.quote of the day : tell me the name of your plastic surgeon, i'll get your money back.



posted by doug at 12:51 am
0 comments






wednesday, july 16, 2008



	 
	 bored to the shits!
	 
    


wednesday is laundry day. the moha is once again out of town and the place i sometimes call home has gone to the dogs. i can't expect animals to have any regard for me and i've been proven right once again. i'm now waiting for my laundry to dry at 11.54pm. bollocks to those who leave their shit in the dryer on my laundry day.work has been keeping me busy during the day but i still find time to be virtually perfect. perfect in the bowling buddies game, thats all. mister kai has never been busier. the lucky boy is probably getting one of the best homecooked dinners ever. eug is having curry tonight! probably some peanuts too. funeral food could never be better.quote of the day : boredom is the desire for desires.



posted by doug at 11:51 pm
0 comments






friday, july 11, 2008



	 
	 friday, saturday, sunday
	 
    


first and foremost, i have to thank the big man up there for friday. this week went by fast. it was somewhat surreal. i was flying solo at work, i didn't have meetings, i had the same boss and the time stealing gnome was probably on an extended coffee break. the week was by far one of the shortest ever! hung out with eug today. we had good food at the shady(sleezy) side of town. do not confuse this area with the dark side of town.2 interesting articles which i read this week on slate.victoria's circuit: harnessing the untapped power of breast motion.crap and trade: why public toilets should pay you.some intersting facts to be learnt here plus i'm a fairly big fan of breast motion. quick fact! breasts move on three different axes: from side to side, front to back, and up and down. the most motion is generated on the vertical axis. naturally, the bigger the breast, the more momentum it generates. some chinese professor has invented fabric made from nanowires that will capture energy from motion. wang's wires are about 1/1,000th the width of a human hair. when woven together in a fabric, these nanowires rub up against one another and convert the mechanical energy from the friction into an electric charge.quote of the day : bra sizes - a ... almost boobs b ... barely there. c ... can't complain! d ... damn! dd... double damn! e ... enormous! f ... fake



posted by doug at 11:00 pm
0 comments






tuesday, july 08, 2008



	 
	 flying solo at work
	 
    


i pulled a late one on sunday watching the wimbeldon finals. too bad one of them had to lose. today is the 2nd day i'm flying solo at work. the other dude quit but i've been well trained as he did take a few stints of long leave before he left for good.these days i've been reduced to near boredom at home. apart from the usual chores, i've resorted to telly, facebook's bowling buddies, the ocassional round of yahoo! pool and more telly. kai has pretty much dissappeared under the radar. the busy busy fella.i mentioned the chink effect at the office. today, it was a chink miracle. in short, a near perfect chinese-english translation was produced with little trouble and strife. ok, it wasn't without the usual hiccups but the results were outstanding. i wonder if it was help from another planet. credit is due if it isn't. doug has to bow down a little, just a little in this case. btw, i have to mention the florescent lights above and inbetween our desks have been turned off due to glare which caused headaches. i'm certain lights were invented not to cause headaches but this is some of the stuff i have to put up with.quote of the day : i have six locks on my door all in a row. when i go out, i only lock every other one. i figure no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks, they are always locking three.



posted by doug at 11:04 pm
0 comments






wednesday, july 02, 2008



	 
	 veal cheeks.......yummy
	 
    


today was the kinda day you wish you had more often. medium paced, a little work, crap meeting, great lunch and peaceful end. the only thing you really don't need is the chink effect. the chink sits next to me. till now, i have not blogged about the people at work in much detail. i have tried to stay away from that till today. i figured my misery often makes for decent entertainment and sometimes a good topic of conversation.well, i reckon in terms of language here, there are 2 extremes. those that speak english and those that don't. while all of us are supposed to be bilingual, most of us are somewhere in between and often skewed towards one language. of course, we don't really care about the truely bilingual, they don't make for interesting stories because they probably get on well in life.the chances for problems to arise increase by a few hundered folds when the 2 extremes meet. in my case, it is a match made in heaven between a lighted cigarette and a swimming pool filled with petrol. ironically, jackie chan's words "do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth" have never meant so much to me. stay tuned for more.quote of the day : women have a passion for mathematics. they divide their age in half, double the price of their clothes, and always add at least five years to the age of their best friend.



posted by doug at 11:32 pm
0 comments






monday, june 30, 2008



	 
	 viva la espana
	 
    


last night was a great night for spain which made it a slightly long day for me at work. my heart was with spain for the euro 2008 finals but my fantasy football team was filled with germans. the good news, i beat my closest opponent in my league group by 1 solitary point. i hope this win-win situation signals for a good week ahead.today was quite smooth except for a 3 hour long meeting. some order is restored in the household. i survived last week, i'll survive a lot more. looking back at it, i didn't enjoy the fact that i felt like a tenant in my own house. that compounded by the fact that there were other people who weren't suppose to be here playing happy family in my house.quote of the day : some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go. -- oscar wilde



posted by doug at 10:25 pm
0 comments






saturday, june 28, 2008



	 
	 the day i look forward to most
	 
    


i start looking forward to every friday on monday. i still think that there is an evil gnome or pixie that steals time from my weekends and puts it into my weekdays. despite the rts and dragging my feet to work each of the 5 mornings, the evil gnome wasn't doing his evil job. one of the reasons for this would be because my boss wasn't around. she probably took the gnome on holiday with her. meetings were kept to a minimum. that goes for the length of the meetings as well. the normal situation with 3 clients(2 male, 1 female) and 2 service providers(both female) = meeting for 1 hour. this is what makes the week longer most of the time. since the service providers only listen to your needs and make suggestions in line with your needs. they can effectively be removed from the equation.this week, 2 clients(both male) and 2 service providers(both female) = meeting for 30 minutes. this week was a little faster then usual.today i met up with a different buch of fellas to have a night out. we had a relaxed dinner, chit chat and the usual updating of our weekly happenings.  one of the fellas was kind enough to drop by and snap a few photos of my fishes with his new camera. i'll post them in due time. boys with toys as they say.quote of the day : time you enjoyed wasting is not wasted time



posted by doug at 1:43 am
0 comments











about me

name:  doug 

view my complete profile

previous posts

a day of leave
bored to the shits!
friday, saturday, sunday
flying solo at work
veal cheeks.......yummy
viva la espana
the day i look forward to most
the real effect
the week starts once again
enter the weekend


links

espn soccernet
yahoo
google
liverpool
red army watches
sky sports



view shoutbox

free chat widget @ shoutmix

archives

october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
june 2008
july 2008








thanks fer coming. laterz 




 






