


















home | all serbian saints serbian orthodox church






 










 
 


 





 











 
 






























































home
about

about orthodoxy
administration
our parish
our patron saints
our history
our choir
kss
oplenac

media

articles
photos
podcasts
readings
social
video

calendar
donate
contact
 српски


































































welcome!
our beautiful cathedral is the largest serbian orthodox congregation of the serbian orthodox diocese of canada. with estimates of nearly 100,000 people with serbian roots in ontario, our church plays a vital role in gathering canadians of serbian heritage.


















 welcome visitors
 make a donation
 contact us
















































our faith










our parish










our clergy & staff










calendar










donate










contact










































announcements


























slava hrama sabora srba svetitelja
09/20/24
slava hrama sabora srba svetitelja

more information > 

slava hrama
08/26/24
slava hrama sabora srba svetitelja

more information > 

vasar - food fest
08/26/24
vasar - food fest

more information > 

newsletter
04/01/24
newsletter

more information > 

sv. sava program
01/29/24
st. sava program in mississauga

more information > 

























daily readings






















































prologue of ochrid




















the prologue from ohrid: february 5



1. the holy female martyr agatha
agatha, this glorious virgin and martyr for christ, was born in the sicilian 
town of palermo of noble and wealthy parents. when emperor decius began a 
persecution against christians, st. agatha was arrested and brought to trial 
before judge quintian. the judge, seeing agatha beautiful in countenance, 
desired to have her for his wife. when he suggested this, agatha answered that 
she is the bride of christ and cannot be unfaithful to her betrothed. quintian 
subjected her to cruel tortures. agatha was ridiculed, whipped, bound to a tree 
and flogged until blood flowed. after that, the judge again tried to persuade 
her to deny christ and to avoid any further torture and suffering. to that the 
bride of christ replied: "these tortures are very beneficial for me; just as 
wheat cannot arrive at the granary before it is cleansed from the chaff, so my 
soul cannot enter into paradise if my body, beforehand, is not humbled by 
tortures." then, the torturer ordered that her breasts be cut off and that she 
be cast into prison. st. peter appeared to agatha in prison and restored her to 
health and wholeness of body. again, agatha was led out for torture and again, 
cast into prison where she gave up her soul to god in the year 251 a.d. in the 
town of catania during the reign of emperor decius. after her death, the 
torturer quintian departed for palermo to usurp her estate. however, along the 
way, his horse and the horses of his soldiers became wild with rage. quintian 
was bitten on the face, thrown to the ground and trampled to death. swift was 
the punishment of god that reached out for this savage crime perpetrated against 
st. agatha.
2. the holy female martyr theodula
theodula suffered for christ during the reign of the nefarious roman emperor 
diocletian. during her torture, theodula brought one of her torturers, heladius, 
to his senses and converted him to the faith of christ. when heladius openly 
confessed his faith in christ, he was beheaded. theodula held up very 
courageously at her trial at which time the judge referred to her as being 
"deranged." to that theodula responded: "you, who have forgotten the one true 
god and bow down before lifeless stones, are deranged." the judge then subjected 
theodula to cruel tortures, which she heroically endured and, by her heroism 
during this torturing, she astonished many and converted them to christ. among 
those were two distinguished citizens: macarius and evgarius. with these two and 
many others, theodula was thrown into a fiery furnace where they all honorably 
died and were made worthy of the kingdom of christ.
3. saint polyeuctus, patriarch of 
constantinople
because of his great mind, religious zeal and eloquence, polyeuctus was 
called "a second chrysostom." during the time that patriarch polyeuctus governed 
the church and emperor constantine porphryogenitus ruled the empire, the russian 
princess olga traveled to constantinople and was baptized in the year 957 a.d. 
the patriarch baptized her and the emperor was her godfather. prophetically, st. 
polyeuctus said to her: "blessed are you among russian women, for you have loved 
light and cast off darkness; the sons of russia will bless you to the last 
generation." from among the simple monks, polyeuctus was elevated as patriarch 
in the year 946 a.d., and remained on the patriarchal throne until his death in 
970 a.d.


hymn of praise 
saint agatha
dark is the dungeon; radiant is the martyr,
in the darkness, saint agatha glows,
over the courtyard of the dungeon, drenched with light,
there the tormentor lives, covered with shame,
thinking up new tortures for the virgin agatha,
torments himself and contemplates, darkened in the midst of light,
who is wedded to christ, the dungeon is bright,
the palace, a place of despair, to the enemy of justice! 
saint theodula 
dark is the dungeon; radiant is the martyr,
st. theodula, as soon as she heard of christ,
after christ she followed, a pure dove.
because of christ, the mob pressed her into darkness,
but joyfully, theodula stands,
joyfully stands, not fearing anyone.
while her enemies, with malice filled,
wretched despair in the midst of the enchanting palace,
only of evil, think; only of malice, serve
everything for them is empty and about everything, they complain,
for they do not possess god, for they know not christ,
all the mysteries of life, erroneously they read!

reflection 
the monks ask of the great abba ischyrion: "what have we done?" "we have 
fulfilled the commandments of god," ischyrion replied. "and, what will those do 
who come after us?" "they will be doing what we are doing, but only half as 
much." "and those after them?" "before the end of time, they will not keep the 
monastic practice [rule] but such misfortunes and temptations will befall them 
that, through their patience during those assaults and temptations, they will 
prove themselves greater than us and our fathers in the kingdom of god." 


contemplation
to contemplate the lord jesus as the only true enlightener:
1. as the enlightener of every individual man;
2. as the enlightener, consequently, of both society and the entire human 
race;
3. as the enlightener who enlightens the mind, the heart and the will of man 
with eternal light.


homily
about death as sleeping
"our friend lazarus is asleep, but i am going to awaken him"
(st. john 11:11).

the lord of life calls death "sleeping." o what an inexpressible comfort that 
is for us! o what sweet news for the world! physical death, therefore, does not 
mean the annihilation of man rather only sleeping from which only he can awaken; 
he who awakened the first dust to life by his word.
when the lord cried out: "lazarus!" (st. john 11:43), the man 
awoke and lived. the lord knows the name of each of us. when adam knew the names 
of every creature of god, why would not the lord know each one of us by name? 
not only does he know but he also calls us by name. o, the sweet and 
life-creating voice of the only lover of mankind! this voice can create sons of 
god from stones. why, then, can he not awaken us out of our sinful sleep?
it is told that a certain man raised a stone to kill his brother. but, at 
that moment, it seemed to him that he heard the voice of his mother calling him 
by name. he only heard the voice of his mother and his hand began to 
quiver. he dropped the stone and was ashamed of his evil intention. the voice of 
his mother awakened him from committing a deadly sin. if the voice of a mother 
saves and awakens from death, how much more, then, the voice of the creator and 
life-giver!
whenever the lord cried out to someone who was dead in the body [physically 
dead] all of them awoke and arose. but, everyone did not awaken and arise among 
those who were dead in the soul [spiritually dead] when the lord cried out to 
them. but, for this awakening, for this resurrection, the agreement of the will 
of the deceased is necessary. judas! do you betray with a kiss? "judas, are 
you betraying the son of man with a kiss?" (st. luke 23:48). that is 
how the life-creating voice cried out, but the dead man [judas] remained dead 
and the sinner did not awaken. "saul, saul, why are you persecuting me?" 
(act of the apostles 9:4). the same life-creating voice cried out and 
he who was asleep in sin awakened and the dead man became alive. in truth, 
deeper is the sleep of sin than the sleep of death and the one who is asleep [in 
sin] does not easily awaken.
o sweet lord, awaken us from the sleep of sin; awaken o lord!
to you be glory and thanks always. amen. 
































































upcoming calendar
i was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the lord.
psalm 122:1


















 monthly calendar

























19febwednesday6 february

12:00-5:00 - church open - crkva otvorena

fast


20febthursday7 february

12:00-5:00 - church open - crkva otvorena




21febfriday8 february

12:00-5:00 - church open - crkva otvorena

fast


22febsaturday9 february

9:00 divine liturgy - св литургија 




23febsunday10 february

10:00 divine liturgy - св литургија 




26febwednesday13 february

12:00-5:00 - church open - crkva otvorena

fast: dairy, fish, wine, & oil


27febthursday14 february

12:00-5:00 - church open - crkva otvorena

fast: dairy, fish, wine, & oil


28febfriday15 february

church closed - crkva nije otvorena

fast: dairy, fish, wine, & oil


2marsunday17 february

10:00 divine liturgy - св литургија 

fast: dairy, fish, wine, & oil


3marmonday18 february


6:30pm kanon sv. andreja kritskog
fast

































































mailing list



















if you would like to join our mailing list, please fill out the following form.




 


name:





email:





 

 


 
subscribe
































































what is the orthodox church?
“the orthodox christian church is evangelical, but not protestant.it is orthodox, but not jewish. it is catholic, but not roman.it is not denominational, it is pre-denominational.it has believed, taught, preserved, defended, and died for thefaith of the apostles since the day of pentecost nearly 2,000 years ago.”– our life in christ


















 more information

















































all serbian saints serbian orthodox church2520 dixie rd; mississauga, ontario l4y 2a5905-272-5944 
contact




















  




powered by orthodox web solutions
home | back  | top






















