


fuel fund of maryland |









































































































































skip to content











about


stories of impact

annual reports and financial statements

contact us

victorine q. adams

silver lights

power of one



energy resources

terms and conditions

support the fuel fund


newsroom and careers









apply



donate







apply



donate
































  providing utility crisis grants since 1981
learn about the fuel fund

















































































































  provided a financial grant to more than           4,289 households in fy 24 
our drive is to provide an emergency financial grant to a qualifying applicant who has no power in their home or an impending turn off notice from bge.
our role in the utility assistance process is to determine the potential ffm financial grant for which the applicant may be eligible for (as described on the apply page); not to determine bge balance(s), ohep* eligibility and/or ohep* financial assistance.  *benefits program administered by the state of maryland
an applicant, who receives a financial grant from the ffm, will be asked to pay a portion of their outstanding balance since they are the “owner” of their utility bill.



  am i eligible?
  i’m a bge customer        and…


i have not recieved a financial grant from fuel fund in the last 365 days
i have completed an application with energy assistance since july 1st

  i use bulk fuel        and…


i am nearly or completely out of bulk fuel
it is between november and march; funding is limited and on a first come, first serve basis
i have completed an application with energy assistance since july 1st of this year
i meet the income requirements
i have not recieved help from fuel fund in the last 365 days

fuel fund can only assist with either bge or bulk fuel once every 12 months. 
note:  fuel fund funding model may change at anytime.
learn more













  empower the fuel fund of maryland
it is a terrifying reality for a household with no power or an impending turnoff notice. that is why your support matters. you can give power to homes and hope to people in crisis with a gift to the fuel fund of maryland.




  in maryland, more than 8% of seniors live in poverty.





  every child deserves a bright future.





  help keep families together -- not apart.



donate now





stories of impact









the fuel fund is our savior.  you are truly a safety net; especially for those of us who have encountered a tough situation and just don’t know what to do or where to go.- mrs. johnson



a single mom overcomes adversity

read full story









  we are here to help.
contact us













mailing address for donations:
po box 62266
              baltimore, maryland 21264-2266
            







facebook






twitter






instagram








contact

privacy policy












© 2009-2025.
             all rights reserved.






