roughwood home page for mark collins & alan loze



the roughwood homepage     web  www.roughwood.net apart from historic photographs, unless otherwise stated, all photos on this site were taken by  members of my family.  please don't republish them without my permission.  thanks.© 2008 mark collins10-06-2010welcome to the roughwood web site"besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. the wisdom of life consists in the elimination of nonessentials" - lin yutang.that's me on the left. alan, my partner, is on the right.  i include the quotation above as a warning to myself; i spend far too much time working on this web site!it has become rather a labour of love, it took a long time to materialise but now it has it seems to take more and more of my time, particularly the church albums and genealogy pages.  there are photos of our 2004 holiday in peru too - take a look, it was an amazing experience!  there are also pages dedicated to images of chiddingstone, where i spent my primary school years, and tunbridge wells, my local town until i left home for university.clicking on the roughwood banner on any of my pages will always bring you back here. one of the main aims of this site is to enable me to share the results of my genealogy and  family history research with a wider audience. genealogy is a never ending hobby - the more you discover the more questions are revealed.  hopefully, sharing what i have learnt may be of interest or use to others and by doing so i will make and sustain contact with other family members and friends.  clicking on the genealogy buttons in the page header is a quick route to the data.the number of albums has grown over the years, and as well as my original 'photo album',  there are now several others. the 'ancestor album' contains vintage family pictures, the (large!) 'church album' contains photos i've taken of english churches, the 'postcard album', contains a small selection of my large antique postcard collection and  in june 2003 i added the 'garden album', showing some of the plants and activities in our sussex garden through the year. the final album, the 'mill album', is dedicated to windmills and watermills.i am particularly pleased with the section about the lynton & barnstaple railway.  i dragged alan and his mum along the old route in 2003 and i revisited selected locations again in august 2004 - here are the resulting photographs.i hope you find something of interest  - i am always pleased to receive emails from people with similar interests.  also let me know which parts of my site you enjoy and which you find boring! to those wonderful people who take the trouble to contact me in  - many, many thanks.  your thoughts and contributions are always most welcome.also please let me know if any of the links stop working - i do try my best to check them from time to time but i'm sure some will be missed.this site is designed for internet explorer version 4 and above - although it should work alright with netscape and firefox.  i run my screen at 1280x1024 - i apologise if things display strangely on lower resolutions.  let me know if you have problems and i will attempt to put things right.  i hope you enjoy the site!"a man should be moderately wise, never too wise. he who does not know his fate in advance is freest of care."mark collinscontact me!you can see the statistics of the roughwood website by clicking here.this page was last updated on 16-jul-2005.

thankyou for visiting the roughwood site - do come back soon!    