






enjoy adirondack lodging in luxurious vacation rentals and real estate at gore mountain! - the summit at gore mountain



















































year-round adirondack vacation rentalsgore mountain realty, llc & morris management group




homevacation rentalsadirondack vacation rentalssummit seasonal rentalssite maplodging ratesrental availabilityactivitiesgore mountain seasonal activitiesnew york skiinggore mountain resourcesfor salehome owners forumnews blogphotostestimonialscontact

navigation

home
vacation rentals

adirondack vacation rentals
summit seasonal rentals
site map
lodging rates
rental availability

activities

gore mountain seasonal activities
new york skiing
gore mountain resources

for sale
home owners forum
news blog
photos
testimonials
contact














1
2
3
4








enjoy adirondack lodging in luxurious vacation rentals and real estate at gore mountain!



the summit shuttle is back! 
starting sat dec 28th- sun march 9th. 
8:00am-4:00pm
 it will run continuously throughout the day, with the last pick up at gore at 4:00
shuttle phone 518-796-7366
please do not wear ski boots on the shuttle


we are always ready to accommodate you and your families!
 our 1 to 4 bedroom townhouses are available year round! whether it's for a long weekend, week, month, or the season!! just call us at 1-866-672-1433 for accommodations!
consider becoming ownership of a maintenance-free home in the adirondacks as part of your portfolio and always have a place to escape to. come and relax, year round, at the summit. outdoor activities in the area include skiing/snowshoeing/cross country in the winter - hiking is unlimited in the adirondacks/biking/boating/ fishing/ and much more!
very reasonably priced investment.





4 season resort
near lake george, bolton landing, schroon lake, brant lake, indian lake and loon lake.

winter

ski gore, ice fish, ice skating, snow shoeing


spring

hiking, fishing, boating


summer

nearby golfing, beaches, museums, mountain biking, saratoga race track, scenic train ride


fall

leaf peeping, gondola rides, fall festivals


these year-round adirondack vacation rentals are available daily, weekly, or monthly! come stay with us at our gore mountain lodging accommodations!

"the most affordable ski resort in the us is right here in new york — and fans call it ‘awesome’"
ny post · nov. 2, 2024
"the best under-the-radar ski resorts in north america"
by unofficialnetworks · april 7, 2014

lodging in the heart of the adirondacks during anytime of the year!
weekends, monthly or seasonally.
forget cramped hotels or motels! relax and enjoy the beauty of your surroundings in spacious adirondack lodging complete with a jacuzzi, full kitchen and fireplace! after a busy day outdoors, come home to your personal retreat. after an exhilarated day of gore mountain skiing, laze by the indoor pool, unwind in our game room or relax in front of a roaring fire in your private town home. take a long and luxurious soak in your personal jacuzzi. in the morning, wake from a refreshing sleep to the beauty of the adirondack mountains.






news blog

summer at gore mountain

summer brings mountain biking and hiking and other outdoor activities at gore mountain and throughout the adirondack area of upstate new york. 
feel like just relaxing in your gore mountain accommodations at our adirondack year round resort? no problem - we have an on-site indoor pool, sauna and game room for you and your family to enjoy.
come stay in one of our adirondack vacation rentals and discover for yourself why the lake george/adirondack region is new ... read more

winter is coming!

the adirondack mountains are a year-round destination offering many attractions. during winter, the gore mountain ski area offers gore mountain skiing and snowboarding rated among the finest in the upstate area. during february, enjoy the lake george winter carnival in beautiful nearby lake george. throughout the area, you can find excellent cross country new york skiing, ice skating and snow shoeing as well as additional downhill skiing opportunities just north and south of your adirondack... read more


facebook


summit at gore mountain










the summit at gore mountain
33 freebern road p.o. box 20north creek, ny 12853office: (518) 251-4180    
© 2018 - 2025 all rights reserved
web site design & hosting by nolee-o web design




share our site:



homevacation rentalsactivitiesfor salehome owners forum
news blog
photos
testimonials
contact


contact



















