






 



santa barbara luxury real estate


























































































skip to content






distinctive real estate – boutique luxury santa barbara real estate firm
a luxury real estate firm

search propertiessearch santa barbara homes for sale montecito luxury real estate santa barbara oceanfront real estate hope ranch homes for sale santa ynez wine country homes for sale  exclusive listings just sold dream home finder neighborhoods about usvip concierge santa barbara real estate services santa barbara luxury real estate specialist – client reviews  contact ussell property  blog 



 
search propertiessearch santa barbara homes for sale montecito luxury real estate santa barbara oceanfront real estate hope ranch homes for sale santa ynez wine country homes for sale  exclusive listings just sold dream home finder neighborhoods about usvip concierge santa barbara real estate services santa barbara luxury real estate specialist – client reviews  contact ussell property  blog 










 

santa barbara luxury real estate 
							

















      latest real estate listings    

location




listing status
 active
                
 sold
                  
 pending
          






search santa barbara real estate


luxury real estate specialist for nearly 20 years
wendy gragg
805.453.3371
wgragg@distinctiverealestateonline.com










search properties
 search santa barbara real estate now. find up to the minute new listings and price reductions matching your specific preferences. our areas of expertise cover santa barbara, montecito, hope ranch, oceanfront and santa ynez wine country.#





find your dream home
get up to the minute new listings and price reductions 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. just enter what you are searching for and get updates via email with all of the properties matching your criteria as soon as the listing is posted.





sell your home
santa barbara luxury real estate specialist with over a decade of experience. get thre professional representation and experience you and your property deserves. call or text wendy gragg at 805.453.3371 or email wgragg@distinctiverealestateonline.com





why choose us?
distinctive real estate is committed to excellence in service, negotiation expertise and the most up-to-date market knowledge and data to ensure our buyers and sellers have the right tools to make the right decisions.
over a decade of experience as a santa barbara luxury real estate specialists, call or text wendy gragg at 805.453.3371 or email wgragg@distinctiverealestateonline.com






santa barbara neighborhoods & communities






santa barbara is famous around the world for its breathtaking setting and is one of the most ideal places to live.  natural beauty beams from the dramatic mix of mountains, valleys, beaches, islands, and the beautiful pacific ocean. inspired perhaps by this ravishing scenery, santa barbara’s cultural arts scene is one of santa barbara’s star attractions. you can enjoy world-class performances of music, opera, dance, and theater all year long.  santa barbara is also a hotbed for the visual arts with a reputation as one of the top five art colonies in the west.


learn more








our commitment to you




distinctive real estate was established in 2001 out of the need to serve affluent clientele with the very best representation and service. distinctive real estate is the only luxury boutique real estate firm in santa barbara providing a range of services that is unparalleled.






are you looking for luxury santa barbara homes for sale?
distinctive real estate is the only luxury boutique real estate firm with a focus on serving affluent clientele with the very best service and representation in santa barbara. in addition to traditional buying and selling, distinctive real estate provides individualized real estate concierge service that provides a wide array of services ranging from real estate management, santa barbara vacation rentals and interior design to restaurant reservations and tee times at golf courses. we even take care of the unique details like filling the refrigerator with all our clients favorites upon their arrival. only distinctive real estate focuses on the luxury santa barbara real estate market in this way.





recent santa barbara home sales












5 bedrooms | 8 bathrooms | over 10,000 square feet | $21,500,000.just sold – spectacular ocean and mountain view estate in montecito’s finest location – listed at $21,500,000.spectacular ocean and mountain view estate on world renowned picacho lane. stunning main residence, guest house, private office and gym on 3.5 manicured acres with panoramic views. exquisite interiors by joan behnke and barbara colvin feature loro piana textiles, 100+ year old hand hewn beams, custom doors & antique hardware and lighting. the indoors flow…






8 bedrooms | 9 bathrooms | over 10,000 square feet | $17,900,000just sold – magnificent montecito estate – listed at $17,900,000this magnificent estate is located in one of montecito’s most desirable locations.  this stunning montecito estate offers four beautiful acres featuring  incredible rose gardens, koi pond and amazing landscape providing vibrant color 365 days a year.   this magnificent montecito estate features grand main residence, guest house, pool, pool pavillion and a tennis court. this estate…






5 bedrooms | 6 bathrooms | over 6,000 square feet | $14,500,000just sold – prestigious picacho lane in montecito – listed at $14,500,000.just sold – prestigious picacho lane in montecito is montecito luxury real estate at its finest.  this lovely montecito estate is on 3.5 magical acres on prestigious picacho lane – one of the most desirable locations in montecito.  this beautiful montecito estate features fantastic ocean and island views and features a main residence, a guest…






 4 bedrooms | 8 bathrooms | over 5,600 square feet | $13,300,000.just sold :: montecito estate with spectacular views – sold over asking at $13,300,000.ocean, island & mountain view estate nestled in one of montecito’s most sought-after locations.  this single level, 5,600+/- square foot main residence features 12 foot ceilings and indoor/outdoor living throughout. dramatic entrance gallery, spacious living room, paneled library and office, dining room, breakfast room, kitchen with adjacent family room, primary suite with dual bathrooms and…


view more


our reputation – client testimonials






“distinctive real estate has a ready list of quality professionals (bankers, lawyers, engineers, handymen) who saved us weeks of effort in closing our deal.”
– buyers of secondary residence santa barbara, california





” we are so appreciative and thankful you made this dream come true for us. you really went above and beyond to make us comfortable and help us to understand this transaction at every level.”
– first time buyers





“distinctive real estate’s sophistication, networks, and joie-de-vivre are very impressive, and we were immediately convinced that we should work with them.”
– buyers of investment property montecito, california





“we will continue to refer distinctive real estate because the feedback from the people we refer is all positive.”
– a consistent referral sourcesanta barbara, california






santa barbara luxury real estate specialist committed to excellence.





distinctive real estate is a first class, full service santa barbara luxury real estate firm serving buyers and sellers of real estate in santa barbara, montecito, hope ranch and surrounding areas with over a decade of santa barbara real estate experience.
proven expert buying and selling strategies, negotiation expertise, professionalism and integrity are our hallmark. put over a decade as a santa barbara luxury real estate specialist in your corner. 





feel free to call or text wendy gragg at 805.453.3371 or wgragg@distinctiverealestateonline.com
bre license 01304471
bre license 01327524
















					copyright ©2019 distinctive real estate.  all rights reserved.
                

home dmca notice terms sitemap website design by web casa design bottom footer







go to top







































































