










homepage - pheasant park resort | official website




































brand logo


toggle line
toggle line
toggle line




homepageroomslocationspecial offersgalleryq  & a








close



homepageroomsspecial offerslocationcontact usgalleryq  & a

















phone: 920-854-7287






homepage






nestled between nature and tranquility
just far enough removed to be peaceful and serene, yet surprisingly close to downtown sister bay. pheasant park resort is both remote and accessible at the same time - something you won't find at most resorts.
getting here











for your enjoyment
whether you're looking for a romantic getaway, family vacation, reunion, wedding, or business retreat, pheasant park resort is well-suited to accommodate your door county vacation.
**our indoor pool area is open year round and offers swimming pool, hot tub & sauna. our outdoor pool is seasonal – open memorial day weekend and closes after labor day. both pools are heated**










you can find us, any season
winter, spring, summer or fall...all you have to do is call us at, 920-854-7287!













your comfort is our priority
our goal is to make your time with us as stress-free as possible. our friendly staff can assist you with a number of requests. dinner reservations? we’re happy to make them. need an extra pillow? here you go. tasting schedule at a door county winery? the next one begins in 30 minutes. we'll do our very best to fill your stay with comfort and convenience!













our condos
pheasant park resort's smoke-free, flame-free, pet free environment offers the simple qualities of door county with beautiful, modern suites.









find us by the bay
experience the year-round beauty of door county in the warmth and comfort of our country resort. we look forward to your visit! 













477paulo477-jan 21, 2025
 
family weekend in door county-this was our first visit. our family rented three units. the bedrooms & baths are much more spacious than some other door county condos we have rented. the beds are comfortable. the kitchen was equipped with a good variety of dishes and pans. our group loved the spacious pool area. it was a plus to be close to the outdoor ice rink and restaurants & shops in sister bay. we hope to return next winter!tripadvisor


ellensn6166ss-dec 19, 2024
 
a pleasant hideaway to celebrate everything in your life! the room was very clean, comfortable and pleasant. the staff went above and beyond to make our 50th anniversary celebration a special one with a card and a bottle of wine! this was our second stay here. this is our favorite one so far.. we highly recommend this place if you want a pleasant and comfortable place to vacation.tripadvisor


danah298yu-nov 2, 2024
 
clean, quiet and comfortable! we had a wonderful visit to door county, and were very happy with our stay at pheasant park. our room was clean and comfortable. the staff was pleasant to work with, and the resort was everything we expected. would highly recommend this place for everyone. tripadvisor


dianne k-oct 27, 2024
 
close to downtown! this has been our go to hotel for the past couple of years. always enjoy our stay! the pool and hot tub are a plus. staff is so nice! rooms are clean and it's within walking distance to the main drag of sister bay. plenty of parking. would recommend!tripadvisor
 

            201joannk-oct 21, 2024
great resort to stay, the facilities, staff and location are the best!
we stayed at pheasant park resort for sister bay’s fall festival again this year. we have stayed here since 2008 for fall festival! we continue to go back because we love the facilities, the condo rooms, the location and the staff is always friendly and helpful!! it’s a great place to stay and a good value for your money.tripadvisor
                                                                          
 

343alisonr-sep 25, 2024
comfortable and high quality resort. well equipped, good size rooms. we enjoyed the balcony with a view into the forest. we swam in the well maintained good sized indoor pool. pheasant park is a short walk from the marina and restaurants but feels quiet and secluded. everything good quality aimed at comfort of their guests. tripadvisor

 
odtravelers-sep 23, 2024
 
pheasant park is the best choice in door county! i have consistently stayed at pheasant park over the years and it always has been a very nice experience. the rooms appear upgraded, furniture, bedding, lvf flooring no longer carpet. works very well for a group of people in the 3 bedroom and 2 bedroom units. it can be quite a hike from the front entrance so if you have walking issues ask for a room closer to the elevator. surprisingly quiet and very clean. always my first choice for a stay in door county. tripadvisor

 
614dennisz-sep 20, 2024
 
great time at pheasant park. we had a great time at pheasant park resort - the rooms were very clean, the staff was friendly and professional, the covered porch was comfortable and quiet for sitting outside in the evening. we'll be back and highly recommend them to our friends! tripadvisor
 

q9461wphowardp-sep 8, 2024
 
everything was clean and quiet. the place was well kept. we were able to get a 3 bedroom suite with a kitchen dining and living room for 2 family couples and one single where we could cook and hang out together. we had a deck and tables with a grill outside for anyone to share who was interested in grilling. the pools (inside and outside) and hot tub were clean were clean and well kept. the beds were comfortable and we heard no noise from others below or outside our door. housekeeping came once a day to replace towels, coffee and other things that were needed. tripadvisor
 

winquonchris-aug 26, 2024
 
pheasant park always delivers! after over 40 years of visiting door county, pheasant park remains my personal favorite, as well as my family’s favorite. in the past 20 years, we’ve needed to stay at other lovely accommodations, in the area, on occasion, because we couldn’t get into pheasant park. they were nice, but, pheasant park is the best! tripadvisor
 

f5597pbjohnr-jul 11, 2024
 
pleasant stay at pheasant park resort, sister bay, wisconsin in beautiful door county. we had a very relaxing stay in our two bedroom two bath suite with full kitchen and living room. everything in our suite was great. we enjoyed the heated outdoor pool and whirlpool. the whole resort is very clean as well as nice landscaping and beautifull flowers. we had everything we needed for a peaceful and relaxing stay. we decided last minute to take a short vacation and booked the same morning of our first day. we have been to door county many times and this was our best stay to date. we will stay here again some day and book earlier next time. so glad we were able to experience pheasant park resort. tripadvisor

 
wander22819099483-jun 24, 2024
 
yearly family vacation. excellent staff, rooms kept up. the staff accommodated us with whatever we needed. we were able to invite relatives over to swim and had a pizza party in the 2nd floor conference room when the concert in the park got rained out. we have stayed here the last two years and have reservations for next year. same time, same place. tripadvisor
 

stevedt7885qn- apr 28, 2024
 
great staff! another great stay at pheasant park resort. wonderful attentive staff took care of all our needs. whether it’s recommending a place to eat, a place to watch the sunset, or just a local hangout they’ve got you covered. we highly recommend planning your next door county stay here. tripadvisor
 

o990lzmaryt -  feb 24, 2024
 
wonderful resort! friendly staff, immaculately clean suite, large indoor pool, car charging station on site. we stayed in a 2 bedroom suite. kitchen had fridge, stove, microwave and dishwasher, and was fully stocked with dinner and cookware. comfortable furniture, lots of room, and two full bathrooms. common sitting area with cozy fireplace, tons of books, games and puzzles. tripadvisor
 

867kimj - jan 14, 2024
 
stay at pheasant park!we went for our annual anniversary trip. the staff is o friendly and accommodating. the 2 bedroom condo, with jacuzzi and fireplace was so welcoming, especially with the outside blizzard! we utilized the main hot tub and pool as well. free movie selection- 100's!- to occupy us. we were able to stay well fed with the full kitchen facilities, as we prepared and brought food and drink. a beautiful resort. the piillows and bedding are amazingly comfortable! relaxing and welcoming! lots to do near by with shopping, restaurants and outdoor activities. tripadvisor
 

steve d - nov 5 2023
 
can’t go wrong with pheasant park. just finished another wonderful stay at pheasant park resort. over the years we’ve stayed at many different places in door county but are continually drawn back here. consistently great accommodations and outstanding service. tripadvisor
 

gramanik2001 - oct 2023
 
comfortable and homey place to stay. rooms very clean, new furniture & well stocked kitchen. clean towels & garbage removal every day. love the common area with game tables, fireplace & tv. watched a high school football game & brought lots of snacks & drinks to enjoy in that area.this is our 15th year at pheasant park and we will go back there again next year. tripadvisor
 

diane t - oct 2023
 
great location. we have been coming up to the sister bay fallfest for 40 year now & we stayed at pheasant park for the past 3 year. we love the place because it is close to the main street action, it’s very clean & comfortable 2 bedroom suite. staff are very friendly too. tripadvisor
 

lvjazz73 - oct 2023
 
checking out the colors. just arrived home from pheasant park stay in door co today. had a 2 night stay with another couple to check out the colors and relax. our stay was wonderful from the check in process to our room. upgraded furniture was great and most important is the room was extremely clean as well as the baths. we have stayed here before and will do so again. tripadvisor
 

paula c - sep 2023
 
a wonderful place to stay. close to downtown sister bay.we enjoyed every aspect of our stay. friendly desk staff, clean and comfortable unit. fast wifi. nicely decorated and updated. we enjoyed the private porch and the swimming pool. the door county coffee was also a nice surprise too. thanks for a great vacation! tripadvisor

 
prudence g - aug 16, 2023
 
"we booked this for my mom's 70th birthday. plenty of room for us in our two bedroom unit. full size fridge& stove and coffee pot in a small kitchen, you can dine in with your family if you'd like. two full bathrooms and bedrooms. there's an outside& inside pool for rain days. ping pong table for the kids. there is no restaurant on their property. just a two minute drive into sister bay, come out at sister bay bowl and the piggly wiggly is about 5 min drive, for some basics." tripadvisor

 
lynmanderson3 - jul 22, 2023
 
"we rented several two bedroom condos for a week at pheasant park so our large generational family could spend time together and separately. the staff was personable and helpful. we were only 4 blocks from quaint sister bay, yet tucked away-quiet, peaceful, tranquil, family friendly—- lovely. the indoor poor with large hot tub and sauna was exceptional. all our needs were attended to. beds and pillows were so comfortable. loved the small hot tub in each condo unit and the porches. this was a true find! we will be back." tripadvisor
 

cathoff65 - jun 28, 2023
 
"pheasant park was a fabulous place for our family reunion. the rooms were so spacious and comfortable. loved having breakfast on the patio. couldn't have chosen a better place. the short walk into town was a pleasant one. the resort had two wonderful pools, plenty of outdoor seating, a play ground for the little kids and fire pits for s'mores in the evening. the conference room was a great space for us to gather for a family dinner and play games at night. we loved every minute here." tripadvisor
 

314debbiek - jun 18, 2023
 
"everything was perfect for our family vacation at pheasant park in door county. the rooms, the pool and all common areas were extremely clean and well-tended. our requests for cribs, highchairs and bed railings were all in place when we arrived. the staff was helpful. our suites were spacious, nicely furnished, and super comfortable. the children had so much fun in the indoor pool. it was the perfect location to bring our extended family with young children." tripadvisor
 

m2694bqedh - jun 8, 2023
 
"my favorite place to stay when i visit door county. very clean rooms and a short walk to sister bay to enjoy the sunsets and scenery. sister bay is kind of in the center of door county so each town you visit is not far from each other. highly recommend pheasant park for an enjoyable stay." tripadvisor
 

ladydi911 - may 24, 2023
 
“great location, large comfy rooms! fantastic large rooms! great location. this is the second time that we have stayed here. beds are comfortable, staff is great! pool and hot tub is a plus! within walking distance to town. nice weekend getaway!” tripadvisor
 

d86zqtracym - mar 27, 2023
 
“fantastic resort! we had an excellent stay and were very happy with our first experience at the resort! our suite had everything we needed and more! 2 private bedrooms with 2 full baths-and a whirlpool tub, full kitchen with all the utensils dishes and cookware you would need, fireplace, 3 tvs, fireplace and balcony. the hotel pool, hot tub and sauna were fantastic as well. situated close to all the things sister bay has to offer, yet tucked away from it all. my family and i would highly recommend!” tripadvisor
 

moose16950 - feb 26, 2023
 
“the pheasant is always pleasant! we've stayed at pheasant park numerous times. there's never been any issues. rooms are large and always clean. the staff makes you feel like your part of the family. load-in and load-out is very convenient. located within walking distance to the main street which offers shopping, restaurants, and pubs. indoor pool and game rooms keep the kids happy, too!” tripadvisor
 

getaway29881087832 - feb 14, 2023
 
“excellent stay we will be back again next year. everything was excellent. beds were comfortable. pool was nice. hottub was warm. room was very clean. and well stocked. staff was very friendly and took care of us. we will be back again next year.” tripadvisor
 

traveler38855418160 - dec 29, 2022
 
wonderful winter stay! loved our stay! the room was very well maintained and gave us (we have 2 boys age 10 and 7) enough space to spread out. having a small kitchen for making quick breakfast and storing snacks and leftovers was perfect. we all enjoyed the pool area. the hot tub and sauna were nice extras and the pool area was warm enough. we used the coffee bar in the lobby. it was also the perfect location- just a short 2 minute drive to the main street in sister bay.” tripadvisor
 

 











footer logo





2236 mill rd, sister bay, wisconsin 54234 united states
920-854-7287


homepageroomsspecial offerslocationtwitterinstagramfacebookaccessibility statement























