
spinchat.com - free chat, meet friends, play games online 



 
 

forgot your password?    
already registered?


name




password


 without chat 
login


   

 


chat, meet friends and play games! now online: 105 people 
 




  register for free here!

nickname  

gender please choose...malefemale 
  
please select your gender

password  

email  
  birthday


day  

month  

year  

 please enter your correct date of birth. nickname and gender are public; email address and date of birth remain private. a maximum of two accounts per person are permitted. we recommend the use of our service only from 16 years upwards.  dos and don'ts for minors

 yes, i have read the terms of use and privacy policy and accept them!
 sign up > 






 

 
find new friends
in our cosy online meeting point with many boards and great chats
free homepage
create your free homepage with photos, guestbook and blog.
play together
play chess, backgammon, poker, skat, tetrinet and many other games. exchange virtual gifts.
many extras
groups, boards, photovoting and much more 

 



 chat with people from all over the world ugandaunited statesunited kingdomunited kingdomunited statesunited statesunited statesunited kingdomtürkiyesouth africatürkiyeunited kingdomunited kingdomunited statestürkiye 


 
spinchat.com: chat, bulletin boards, groups, friends

spinchat.com is an extensive online community with thousands of men
and women you can get to know. create your personal homepage
with a free blog, guestbook, photos and much more.
we offer a big chat and many  online games
such as chess, backgammon and our chat games, for instance, our popular quiz chatroom.


you can chat for free with many thousands of
other people - you will always find
nice people in our many chat rooms. or do you want to create your own chat room for
you and your friends? no problem! also, you can take part in our huge
discussion board. whoever wants to chat and talk about all
kinds of topics comes here.


since 1996, we have been trying to provide you with a good online community and free chat room. this makes us one of the oldest online communities on the internet.


online with your mobile phone? mobile version of spinchat.com
quickly send mails to your friends with your phone or check whether they are currently online in the chat.


see also: spin.de - unsere deutschsprachige chat-community

 
  sitemap · help · imprint · privacy policy · spin agspin.de chat