
































    
    chapman-wilson pools, spas & home improvements, inc. | fayetteville, nc | home improvement contractor
  
  


 

 





















              mylogo
  

(910) 424-4663

606 hope mills rd, fayetteville, nc 28304
  


  
      

    

button






    

    

button












       home



  about


   news



  why hire us?



  careers



  testimonials



  blog





  products & services


   garage addition



  kitchen remodeling



  bathroom remodeling



  pool maintenance



  roof repair



  roofing services





  galleries


   home improvement



  bathroom remodeling



  kitchen remodeling



  sunrooms & room additions



  garage additions



  floor repair



  replacement windows



  vinyl siding



  pool builders



  inground pools



  spas & gazebos



  safety covers



  deck builders



  outdoor kitchens



  decorative concrete



  privacy fencing





  contact us











    
 





         

call 910-424-4663

one construction company thatdoes it all


   why should you hire a licensed general contractor to do your home improvement?  
>>


   

 -  36 years of experience!  -
 



    

  

inground pools


  

  

vinyl siding


  

  

windows


  

  

spas & gazebos




    

  

pool building process


  

  

metal & shingle roofs


  

  

decks/patios


  

  

sunrooms




   

 cal spas fayetteville 
browse the cal spas fayetteville site to see the types of spas we can offer you.
click here


    your local, family-owned home improvement contractor
serving fayetteville, raeford, spring lake, hope mills, stedman, aberdeen, southern pines, pinehurst, nc & the surrounding communities
 
you might be thinking, “i can’t take on a home improvement project; it’s too much work!” but our team wants to help change that. when you hire the general contractors at chapman-wilson pools, spas & home improvements, inc., we will make your project a breeze. whether you want our home improvement contractors to design a
new inground pool for your backyard or you want an
addition to your home for your growing family, we are the team to call. in addition to our inground
pool installation and room addition work, we also provide quality
roofing,
siding,
fencing,
sunrooms/screen rooms,
garage additions,
deck building,
pool maintenance, and more to homeowners across
fayetteville,
raeford,
spring lake,
hope mills,
stedman 
southern pines,
aberdeen, and
pinehurst, nc.our goals are to enhance your lifestyle, make your home more comfortable, and add value to your investment — aka your home. the home of your dreams is only one phone call away with our home renovation services.
for more questions about our
home renovations or to schedule a free project estimate,
contact our home improvement company and speak with one of our knowledgeable and licensed general contractors today!call or email us today to schedule a free, no-obligation estimate!


    


  reasons to choose our general contractors:
  we have been in business for over 36 years.we are licensed in the state of north carolina general contractors.we are a member of the home builders association of america.we are a better business bureau member and have an a+ rating.we are a member of the chamber of commerce.we care about our community and actively donate to the organizations below:st. jude children’s hospitalsmile traintunnels to towers foundationfirst church fayettevillecumberland county animal services (fayetteville, nc)habitat for humanity



    


  




  
  need custom home remodeling?
  let us make your dreams come true!
 
from the initial permit to the final inspection, we do flawless work every time! chapman-wilson pools, spas & home improvements, inc. is the name to know for swimming pools and spas as well as, home renovations and remodeling in fayetteville, north carolina. throughout the years, we have earned a reputation for customer satisfaction by placing the needs of our customers first. the long list of products and services that we provide means that there are many reasons for you to rely on our general contractors.  whether you're looking for bathroom remodeling, kitchen remodeling, garage additions, vinyl window replacement, and much more, we're the home renovation company to call in fayetteville, nc, and surrounding areas! 



    

 


  customer reviews

 
customer satisfaction is our first priority. 
click here to read more reviews from our customers.


   



      ★ ★ ★ ★ ★we had several companies or individuals provide estimates for the work we wanted to be done on the house but we chose chapman-wilson because they offered good advice and were up-to-date on products that we selected for our house make-over.  we couldn't have been happier with the team of workers. they patiently answered our questions, were professional in every way, and seemed to treat our house like they were working on their own. they really care about their work, and more importantly, they want us to be happy with it. we were amazed at how quickly they finished such a big job. we are so pleased with the results of the work, especially the new hand-cut stone vinyl they put on the chimney. we have received so many compliments regarding the new look of our house - a new roof, siding, windows, shutters, chimney, and an extension on our front porch. we would highly recommend chapman- wilson to anyone that wants quality, professional work done on their home. thank you for transforming the look of our house! we love it!
- susan & roger
★ ★ ★ ★ ★i want to thank you and your staff for such an outstanding job installing our new pool. from the first contact with your salespeople, the company staff, and the construction crew, we were amazed at how smoothly everything came together. we were treated with the utmost care and consideration. everything we were promised, we received. the service we received during and after the work was very satisfying. each time i have visited or called your office for help after the pool was installed, has been a delight, everyone has been so helpful. we received a quality pool for an exceptional price and quality work from a quality company. we will, without reservation, recommend chapman-wilson to all our friends in the market for a pool. thank you again for a pleasant and professional experience from start to finish. sincerely, dr. james a brice, jr

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★dear mr. wilson,we wanted to express our pleasure with the work your firm did at our new home. the workmanship was excellent and done as scheduled. your employees did a terrific job. when we started planning our move from virginia to north carolina we knew we wanted to have a spa installed on our property. your salesperson billy nichols was very helpful in making this a reality. he also made sure we were properly acquainted with the maintenance and operating procedures after the installation. he is a credit to your organization. he was knowledgeable and friendly. please let him know how much we appreciate his assistance.we also engaged your firm to build a two-car garage and we consider it a blessing to have had kevin williamson as a foreman on this job. he met with us to discuss the job prior to starting the project and kept us informed as the job progressed. we want him and his crew to know we think the workmanship is excellent and their attitudes were great. while the garage was being built, we decided to add a deck to the rear of our home and that project was an outstanding success as well. we enjoy using it and have even done some entertaining since it was completed. my grandson saw the deck featured in your advertising on cable television and he couldn't wait to let us know how good it looked. when we spoke in your office prior to starting any of the work you told us your company was like a family and you employed people of high moral character and good skills. we agree with your assessment of your employees. we will make sure to recommend your firm to anyone who is planning improvements to their property. we thank you for providing a quality service. we enjoy our new home more because of you and your company's efforts. best regards, elvin and toni m.






  
  reliable fence builder
 
whether you want to enclose your swimming pool or mark off your property line in the fayetteville, nc area, a fence will get the job done. hiring a reliable fence builder for the project is important to ensure it is installed correctly and up to local building codes in the area. our fence builders understand your unique fencing needs and can help you pick out the best material to create the aesthetics, privacy, and security you are looking for. when you are ready to finish your fence installation project, contact the team at chapman-wilson pools, spas & home improvements, inc. we create fences that are durable and made to last! 


     



   





     



   





     



   





   want to see more? visit our youtube channel for the latest videos. 
follow us or subscribe.contact us today for more info.


    




   request your free estimate:  contact us
   name:

 email:

 phone:

 message:





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.







      



   follow us
chapman-wilson pools, spas & home improvements, inc. follow us     

 

 




sitemap
 address606 hope mills rdfayetteville, nc 28304contactphone: 910-424-4663fax: 910-424-6574
 about uswe are a roofing company that offers everything from pools and spas to room additions and gazebos. contact us for more information.southern pines, nc |
aberdeen, nc |
pinehurst, nc |
hope mills, nc |
spring lake, nc |
raeford, nc |
fort liberty, nc |
fayetteville, nc |
stedman, nc


   



   follow us



    




    

follow us

  


  


 



    


















































































































  
  share by:















