



















police | gadsden, al - official website








 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    city services      residents      visitors      business      how do i?  


 

 

 

 

 





 















 
homecity servicesdepartments h-zpolice












police		






we envision:a community where children are free to live and learn in an environment which promotes their safety and development.a community where the opportunity of individuals, neighborhoods, and businesses to prosper is not limited by crime or disorder.a community whose citizens can enjoy their senior years in peace, security, and harmony.mission statement the mission of the gadsden police is to work with all citizens of the community to preserve life, maintain human rights and human dignity, protect property, and foster individual responsibility and community commitment, thereby maintaining and enhancing gadsden's status as the most livable city in alabama.domestic violence assistance informationclick here for important information for victims of domestic violence.haga clic aquí para obtener información importante para las víctimas de violencia doméstica.interested in becoming a police officer?  click heredivisions of the city of gadsden police operations the operations division consists of the patrol and special operations departments. patrol responds to calls for assistance from citizens and performs routine traffic enforcement, automobile accident handling, and routine patrol. the special operations department consists of: the c.o.p. (community oriented policing) unit, responsible for the safety of our public housing citizenstraffic homicide investigatorthe hit and run unit that investigates hit and run traffic incidents.school resource officersanimal control, which investigates animal cruelty / neglect cases and removes deceased animals from our roadwaysfield identification officersinvestigations the investigations division consists of four teams:the juvenile department investigates crime committed by or against juveniles and also maintains the sex offender registry information.the property crime department investigates crime such as burglary and motor vehicle theft.the persons department handles cases involving violent crimes.the fugitive/warrants department is responsible for finding and apprehending those with outstanding warrants.also within the investigations division is the identifications and evidence team. they perform crime scene data collection and forensic analysis of evidence. professional standards the professional standards division ensures that our officers are properly trained and equipped. they also perform reviews of high-impact cases to determine if departmental policies and procedures were performed. also, they respond to citizen complaints regarding an officer's actions or inaction.  the division consists of:range masterfield training officersuse of force instructorsinternal affairs investigatortraining directorservices the services division consists of four departments:dispatch is the group who answer the phone when you call 9-1-1 or 256-549-4500.the records department maintains the paper and electronic records submitted by officers investigating an incident, recording a criminal offense, or documenting a traffic accident.the property department maintains and safeguards case-related evidence.the information technology department assists in bringing the latest technology to office staff and to the officers in the field.drug enforcement unitthe drug enforcement unit is joint city-county unit that investigates drug-related crimes throughout etowah county.  they can be reached directly at 256-549-5465.  if you would like to submit an anonymous tip, their tip line is 256-546-3131.joint special operation group (jsog)the joint special operations group (jsog) responds to situations that are beyond the capabilities of normally equipped and trained law enforcement personnel consisting of. tactical operators, crisis negotiators, tactical dispatchers, and bomb disposal technicians.the joint special operations group is a support resource-and commonly used for situations such as hostage situations, barricaded persons, and high-risk warrant service that are specialized in nature and require specialized training and tactics.multijurisdictional dive teamthe multijurisdictional dive team is made up of officers from all over the county who are trained and certified in open water diving. some officers are trained in underwater search and. rescue, and underwater crime scene investigation methods.the dive team is used for underwater evidence searches, recovery of stolen property, drowning victims and water rescues.bomb squadthe gadsden bomb squad is made up of certified bomb technicians. these officers attended the federal bureau of investigation hazardous devices school at redstone arsenal in huntsville, the only school in the nation to certify public safety bomb technicians.certified bomb technicians are responsible for the safe removal, transport, disposal and storage of explosives. they conduct bomb scene investigations, collect and preserve evidence, provide technical support for special operations, and compile and report technical data-on explosive devices and incidents.remember: never pick up or disturb a bomb or suspicious package. call 911



 
 
 





 






contact us




			anonymous tip line
			
		

more information



police

physical address

90 broad st.
gadsden, al 35901


phone: (256) 549-4500
emergency phone: 911

directory




					anonymous tip line
					
				

more information



eastside precinct

physical address

1515 campbell ave
gadsden, al 35903




westside precinct

physical address

2000 w. meighan blvd
gadsden, al 35904





  
 
 



 





about




animal control




divisions




get informed




help solve crimes




registrations & forms




sex offender search





 





 














meeting agendas








pay a bill








employment










 
 














report a concern








parks & recreation








visit gadsden










 
 
 



 















 






  
 









     





 
 



  
 







contact us







city of gadsden90 broad streetgadsden, al 35901phone: 256-549-4500
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







career center



departments



licenses



parks & recreation



police department









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









