






the hoopa valley tribe's official website | hoopa valley tribe





































































skip to content













menu


home
hoopa valley tribal council
tribal departments
tribal businesses (enterprises)

hoopa forest industries
hoopa mini mart
hoopa shopping center
hoopa valley public utilities district
acorn wireless internet
lucky bear casino
roads aggregate and ready-mix
tsewenaldin inn motel


tribal jobs
forms & documents

general forms and documents
department specific forms
tribal titles and codes
tribal member portal


tribal news

covid-19

k’ima:w medical center update 12/7/2021


tribal stories


contact us

department phone numbers
department fax numbers
administrative office extensions


login
 






















 








celtor chemical works superfund site to be cleaned a second time by u.s. epa



more contamination identified after 1980s cleanup by allie hostler, two rivers tribune the united states environmental protection agency is soon to begin a second major cleanup of the superfund site known as celtor chemical works in the area of red rock in hoopa after additional mine waste contaminated with lead and arsenic were discovered in…
read more



 








marshall named little 4 boys athlete of the year



by ray hamillhumboldtsports.com for the second straight year, a hoopa warrior has been named a humboldt sports little 4 athlete of the year. after an outstanding senior year in three different sports, gerard marshall is the 2023 little 4 boys athlete of the year. he joins 2022 graduate savannah colegrove, who was named last year’s…
read more



 

open letter from chairman joe davis to the hoopa valley tribe community on the local drug epidemic



dear hoopa community, on september 20, 2021 the hoopa valley tribal council declared a state of emergency due to the local drug epidemic. since that time, we have renewed our efforts to address this terrible crisis in our community. with this letter, i would like to share with you some of the ongoing efforts and…
read more



 








hoopa valley tribe to begin climate adaption plan



governor’s office of planning and research to fund planning process press release, hoopa valley tribe the hoopa valley tribe is pleased to announce that the climate adaptation plan has been selected as a recipient of the round 1 adaptation planning grant program in the amount of $338,448, provided by the governor’s office of planning and…
read more



 








hoopa valley tribe receives $4.5m from coastal conservancy to support pine creek land acquisition



10,300 acres of ancestral territory to be reclaimed by tribe by allie hostler, two rivers tribune the hoopa valley tribe’s effort to reclaim more than 10,300 acres of their ancestral territory is one $4.5 million step closer to reality. the california coastal conservancy pledged to disburse the $4.5 million to the hoopa valley tribe at…
read more



 








hoopa valley tribe’s k’imaw medical center is recipient of indian health service $2 million clinic expansion grant



the hoopa valley tribe’s healthcare entity, k’ima:w medical center, has been awarded $2 million for clinic expansion and modernization. this award was part of the indian health service total funding of $24 million to 12 tribes and tribal organizations across the nation as part of a competitive small ambulatory program to fund construction, expansion or…
read more



 








interact in service



san mateo high school’s interact club, a youth organization under the rotary club, visited hoopa last week bringing with them a refurbished play structure to install at tish tang campground. the 10 youth each paid $100 to participate in the service trip and were accompanied by rotary club members from foster city and san mateo.…
read more



 








hoopa valley tribal forestry to undertake $1.1 million five-year project to prevent spread of sudden oak death



good neighbor project with blm part of bipartisan infrastructure law allie hostler, two rivers tribune many forest land stewardship projects are underway in and around the hoopa valley indian reservation. one recently announced will reduce the threat of sudden oak death spreading onto the hoopa reservation from the redwood valley area. on friday, the bureau…
read more



 








caltrans and the hoopa valley tribe celebrate clean california and partnership



allie hostler, two rivers tribune caltrans co-hosted a clean california community celebration with the hoopa valley tribe as part of community days – spring into action! caltrans director tony tavares and hoopa valley tribe chairman joe davis signed a proclamation celebrating the partnership at the ceremony held last saturday at pookey’s park. chairman davis declared…
read more



 








hupa language leader selected for grant to support the hupa language nest project



first nations development (first nations) has announced the 10 outstanding indigenous leaders selected for the 2023 cohort of the luce indigenous knowledge fellowship. conceived and facilitated by first nations and the henry luce foundation (luce), the fellowship – now in its fourth year – is designed to identify, support, and convene native american knowledge holders…
read more






















read more of our stories






















looking for a hoopa tribal phone or fax number? 
try one of these buttons below
 
 












tribal admin office extensions











department phone numbers











department fax numbers




















hoopa tribal snapshot news






within this section, we provide a brief look at recent tribal news--gathered and uploaded by our public relations resources. if you want to read more about one of the stories below, click on the post and the article will load.





















hoopa valley tribe council swearing in ceremony 

aug 10, 2023			

today, several incumbents and newly elected council members committed to their oath of office during a swearing in ceremony held at the hoopa valley tribe’s headquarters in hoopa. each of the newly-elected and re-elected council members gave a brief acceptance speech and thanked their constituents. incumbent joe davis was sworn in to serve his second…
read more → 








rodeo grounds and pookey’s park concepts review 

apr 4, 2023			

please join us to review the masterplan concepts developed for the rodeo grounds and pookey’s park. representatives from the planning department and the designers will be on hand to collect community feedback that will be incorporated into the final design for these two hoopa four project sites. 2 free public meetings: wednesday april 12th @…
read more → 













special two-day indian will estate planning clinic 

mar 24, 2023			

april 28th may 5th
read more → 













agricultural needs presentation 

dec 13, 2022			

come to our agricultural needs presentation, this wednesday at 5:30 pm! the hoopa valley tribe’s planning department has formed a partnership with university of southern california ippam capstone class. through this partnership, usc students conducted a community survey to gather information regarding our agricultural needs. the usc students would like to share the data results…
read more → 








community needs assessment drawing winners 

nov 30, 2022			

the hoopa valley tribe would like to congratulate the winners of the community needs assessment prize drawing! the winners were chosen by a random electronic process. 1st place: kellie vaughn2nd place: leloni colegrove3rd place: joe davis we would like to thank all members who participated!
read more → 













indian will and estate planning clinic 

nov 23, 2022			

come to our estate planning clinic on december 8th, at the hoopa valley fire department fire hall. click here to view the flyer and get more information. update 12/7/2022: this clinic has been cancelled due to weather.
read more → 










read more news items






























do you need a hoopa tribal form, application, or document?
then follow the forms & documents button




forms & documents


















































about hoopa valley tribe






we, the hoopa valley tribe, are a tribal government dedicated to protecting and promoting the interests of the hoopa valley indians, and cooperating and collaborating with federal, state, and local governments.









address






hoopa valley tribe
11860 state hwy 96
po box 1348
hoopa, ca 95546
phone: 530-625-4211
fax: (530) 625-4594









follow us:






 















copyright 2003 - 2020 the hoopa valley tribe









 





























