







home - kenmore tonawanda chamber of commerce







































































(716) 874-1202



facebook




x




instagram


 





facebook




x




instagram



 












home
about

staff & board
calendar of events
support the chamber


member directory

become a member

renew my membership


our sponsors
member to member deals
ken-ton chamber business club


insurance/hr
news & resources

news releases
articles
harter secrest & emery legal blog
business resources


member login
 





select page


  
 



 



 










welcome to the kenmore-tonawanda chamber of commerce.
the town of tonawanda and the village of kenmore area chamber of commerce champions economic prosperity and quality of life for the region by being the voice of business, promoting collaboration and helping members grow.
“thank you so much for your help and connecting us with another business owner. this is truly why it’s great to be part of the chamber!” michelle & chris talley – kid to kid, tonawanda, ny
“once again, thank you for going the extra mile!” grant charles – dairy queen
 

learn what the chamber can do for you

















































































































































download our 2025 dine, shop, drink, & pet guideexplore kenmore & the town of tonawanda! our updated 2025″dine, shop, drink, & pet guide” showcases the best local eateries, unique stores, cozy pubs, and pet-friendly spots. discover hidden gems and support our vibrant community. download your guide today!
download












a special thanks to our 2025 corporate partners & sponsors






















































the chairman’s circle sponsorship package provides an exceptional opportunity for increased visibility and engagement within our community.

the chairman's circle



crown benefits group, inc.casellafrank’s basement systemsfrank’s mr. plumberkenmore mercy hospitallindenational gridnoco



plan administratorsriverview innovation & technology campusstark techt-markuniland development companyus itek







get in touch
want to schedule a phone call or a meeting to learn more about how the chamber can help you and your business? complete the form and we’ll be in touch shortly.

visit us
3411 delaware avesuite 206kenmore, ny 14217





name*


first



last

company nameemail*

company websitemessage*captchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  



















 










facebook




x




instagram


©2025 kenmore-town of tonawanda chamber of commerce. all rights reserved.  





















   






























