


adr agency














































profilesagency lababout uscontractfacilitated by award winning actor, director and writer, eric nemoto . eric has been teaching acting for over 25 years and his specialized approach will help build the necessary skillset to be successful! click the image above for more details.award winning writer, director, producer, actor and coach eric nemotooffers a practical guide for learning the basics of acting, creating memorable performances and developing techniques to consistently exercise one's acting muscles.click the image above for more details.need a professionally shot headshot? click the image above for information.best headshot prices for over 25 years! two looks, in studio, includes all raw high res images and up to six edited/retouched images-all for $125!are you looking for an agent?complete the contact form below and our office will send you information regarding our onboarding process. we will also invite to our weekly zoom open call session for new faces.
sag-aftra fall & winter magazineoffice message | text 808-207-7285 (updated number)the adr agency is a licensed sag-aftra agent representing both union and non union models and talent. the services in which we feature on our website are services offered by professional colleagues. these are shared for your convenience and as a courtesy to those on our roster. sag-aftra rules require that your participation in any third party business venture be entirely voluntary, and your non-participation cannot affect our representation of you or any obligation we have toward you as your agent. participation in modeling, coaching or dramatic schools/workshops affiliated with this agency, either directly or indirectly, shall be entirely optional to any interested performer. the quality of your representation by our agency and our on-going fiduciary obligations to the professional performing community as a sag-aftra franchised agency shall not be affected in any way if you choose not to explore any modeling, coaching or dramatic schools/workshops with which we are affiliated. if the agency violates these regulations, you should immediately report this to your hawaii branch. the adr agency recognizes any breach of these requirements shall be considered a violation of sag-aftra’s agency regulations and should be immediately reported to the hawaii branch office of the screen actors guild by calling 1-808-596-0388.@ adr agency 2023 - privacy policy

