






catholic charities home






































  

donate 













 

























compassion corneraboutabout usemploymentin the newsservicescountiesbasic needs assistancecounselingfree health care centergismondi job training programhousing and shelter assistancerefugee assistanceroselia pregnancy and parenting support servicessenior servicesst. joseph house of hospitalityget involvedcompassion cornereventshope from home: a bridge to stabilityprayervolunteer / internways to giveappreciated assetscommemorative givingcompassion cornerdonatehope from home: a bridge to stabilityin-kind donationslegacy of hope societymonthly givingvehicle & real estate donations





















 




 









catholic charities welcomes all who come to us with respect and unconditional love. we’re here to help neighbors across the region connect to resources, heal their bodies and minds, and empower themselves toward self-sufficiency.



what we do
—






connect 
providing one-time assistance, basic needs, and essentials





heal 
offering hope, emotional support, and health care





empower 
finding shelter, job training, and community






see all services







history makers
—










mike gallagher

catholic charities supporter since 2023;
associate at jones day;
member of catholic charities…





michael lombardo

catholic charities supporter since 2010;
juvenile probation officer





jack mcginley

catholic charities supporter since 1990;
of counsel, eckert seamans cherin & mellott, llc








see all history makers






our impact
—





314,142
acts of service catholic charities provides to people throughout southwestern pa




294
clients helped through our housing and shelter assistance programs




510
clients aided with pregnancy and parenting assistance




461
individuals, couples, and families receiving counsel




learn more about us






latest news
—





compassion corner grand opening
view photos from the grand opening event of compassion corner.
view album.
nov 21, 2024
(photo by natalie lacek)




catholic charities of pittsburgh’ offering job training, health services at new downtown facility
catholic charities of pittsburgh has a new space for its downtown resource center.
the “compassion corner” is on the corner of boulevard of the allies and stanwix street.
learn more.
nov 23, 2024



catholic charities, diocese of pittsburgh





see all news




get involved
—




your generosity empowers individuals and families to overcome times of crisis and to find a sustainable path forward. consider giving to support thousands of your neighbors in need right here in southwestern pa by making a donation or volunteering.







ways to give




volunteer/intern




events












donate 



volunteer 



get help 




quick links
free healthcare center
in the news
volunteering and internship opportunities
pray with us
events
faq
privacy policy



contact information
catholic charities
diocese of pittsburgh
111 boulevard of the allies
pittsburgh, pa 15222
412-456-6999
info@ccpgh.org (please note: if responding to your email requires catholic charities to reply discreetly and under a different name, we will do so with your explicit request within the email itself.)
counties we serve
allegheny, beaver, butler, greene, lawrence, and washington. 
learn more


social media
facebook
instagram
linkedin
x
youtube












                     ©2025 catholic charities of the diocese of pittsburgh, inc. - all rights reserved.
			  


+ site design: chris hample design, inc














