








outdoor grills chester county pa - fireplace store chester county pa






























 


skip to content



toggle navigationhomeoutdoor grillsfireplacespizza ovensservice and partscontact us
 


loading...







welcome tohalco enterprises 



over 40 years offering the best fireplaces and outdoor grills in chester county, pa 


explore our fireplaces
explore our outdoor grills











stocked showroom of outdoor grills 



natural gas, infrared, ceramic smokers, accessories and more 


explore our outdoor grills











electric and gas fireplaces 



delivery and installation by our professional installers 


explore our fireplaces














homeadmin2022-06-02t14:11:03-04:00 
top of the line outdoor grills and fireplaces for over 20 yearssince 1983, halco enterprises has carried top-of-the-line fireplace and outdoor grill products and accessories.  we have a fully stocked showroom with our most popular high-end outdoor grills, electric fireplaces, firepits, and gas fireplaces.   with over 40 years of experience, we can answer all of your questions to help you make the perfect choice for your needs.
we offer in-house installation services for all of our gas fireplaces and local delivery service for all products.  when you choose halco enterprises, you are choosing industry experience and quality products.
popular brandsour home owners say
“i have bought a tec grill here and had my mom buy the smaller version for her home. customer service is excellent, installation/delivery was excellent, and the staff knew their stuff they said the tec was the best and it is. everyone i know is jealous of my grill. if you need a great grill this is the place to go skip the online retailers they won’t be cheaper.”
eric haney • five stars
“first big grill purchase and it couldn’t have gone smoother. they carry only the top of line brands for serious grillers. hal and his team were very helpful as they arranged for delivery and setup and even removal of my old grill. would highly recommend and will use them for a fireplace next.”
tim griffin • five stars
“this is my second grill purchase from halco. the first grill, an mhp all infrared grill i had over 11 years and is still working and will be selling. my new grill, a tec sterling patio fr is an amazing grill, and hal was very helpful in leading me to this purchase decision. their pricing was very competitive and fair, and their natural gas installation for the grill by rob was flawless and very professional. they have a huge selection of grills at all price points, and many models on the floor are available to see and compare. i highly recommend halco for all your grilling needs including supplies and accessories.”
stan lukoff • five stars
“bought 2 ventless propane wall mounted heaters and a gas grill from hal. very knowledgeable and high quality items. highly recommend for heaters to gas grills to fireplace accessories!”
kevin pierce • five starswhy halco grills and fireplacesexperience
halco grills has been servicing chester county pa for over 40 years.
huge selection
over 20 of the best luxury outdoor grill and fireplace brands.
showroom
fully stocked showroom located right in west chester, pa.
professional team
halco offers delivery, installation as well as serving and parts.
chester county’s #1 luxury outdoor grill and gas fireplace showroom!
if you are looking for the best outdoor grills, fireplaces, pizza ovens, or outdoor kitchen cooking appliances, talk to hal.  40 years in chester county selling only the best brands, halco can help you pick out the perfect products for your needs.contact us



 
 
halco enterprises has been offering only the best outdoor grills, electric fireplaces, and gas fireplaces to the greater chester county, pa area for over 40 years.
contact us today
corporate location
1151 mcdermott dr
west chester, pa 19380

610.430.7717

halcogrills@yahoo.com

monday – friday: 9:00 am – 5:00 pm

saturday: 9:00 am – 4:00 pm
our location©copyright 2012 - 2025 |   halco enterprises     |   all rights reserved   |  powered by internet rnd


 
 
page load link









go to top




