









home - holy emmanuel lutheran church























































skip to content


































201 east 104th street, bloomington, mn 





































 
newsabout our team ministries helc council our history i’m new hereopen arms ecccontact us prayer requests pastoral caregive








 













welcome to holy emmanuel lutheran church






201 east 104th st.,  bloomington, mn  55420
(952) 888-2345
 
holy emmanuel lutheran church is a welcoming and vibrant christian community
located in bloomington, minnesota.  we are eager to help you know jesus as the savior, grow spiritually mature through god's word, and put christ's love into action by using your god given gifts in service to others.




















i'm new here




connect with us


 

















worship schedule






















join us every sunday at 9:30 am.

















listen to past services:














discover the endurance and encouragement of the scriptures which were written to give us hope! visit our past services page and join us as we reflect on the spiritual truths given us in god's word.















listen now










sunday schedule:






8:30 am | adult bible class:
currently studying 1 corinthians.
9:30 am | worship
10:45 am | family faith fellowship
open forum bible class - may to august
sunday school (1st - 6th grades) - september to april.











tuesday schedule:






11:00 am | bible class:
upcoming study beginning in march:  "knowing god's will"





























about holy emmanuel






as a christian faith community, the members of holy emmanuel are united by the belief that we have a loving and merciful god who sent his son jesus to be our savior.  when we rely on the saving work jesus did for all people in his life, death, and resurrection, we receive forgiveness for all our sin as a gift of god's love, and are promised eternal life.  this saving grace of god is what brings us together, gives us purpose for living and strengthens us for the challenges of life.











the church offers a variety of programs and activities to cater to the diverse spiritual needs of its community. holy emmanuel also operates open arms, which is a state-registered, non-profit christian early childhood center providing educational and faith-based experiences for young children.





























open arms early childhood center

























open arms christian early childhood center, a ministry of holy emmanuel lutheran church, offers families a caring, nonjudgmental, and supportive christian environment.
the loving and secure age-appropriate environment is culturally sensitive and encourages children to learn through play.























children’s development is enhanced by opportunities which meet the individual needs of the whole child within the following learning domains;

spiritual
the exploration of arts
approaches to learning
language and literacy communications
cognitive; mathematics, scientific thinking, and social systems
physical and movement
social and emotional








learn more































announcement
open arms is proud to announce a new kindergaten and elementary school program, as an option for you and your family!!!
you heard it right…at the request of residents in bloomington and surrounding communities, open arms has been working for the last couple of years to develop an optional kindergarten and elementary education program for local families. during covid, open arms provided a very successful and widely praised kindergarten and elementary in-classroom and distance learning program that kept local students on track and advancing in their academic, physical, spiritual and social skills.
the new kindergarten and elementary (first through third grade) program begins this summer with fun and educational field trips and activities that will keep your child’s skills sharp and advancing in preparation for the fall semester.
please feel free to contact us with any questions and registration: 952-888-5116 and ask for randy in enrollment or ms. dawn regan, director.
hurry…there are a limited number of spots and filling fast!




 





special announcement


































outreach





























































jesus taught, "a new command i give you: love one another. as i have loved you, so you must love one another. by this all men will know that you are my disciples, if you love one another." (john 13:34,35)  we seek to live out these words by caring for all god’s people in a christ centered fellowship, and reaching out in service to our surrounding local and world-wide community.







learn more


















youth & children's ministry

















































jesus cares for children just as much as adults. that’s why parents are called to bring their children up, “…in the training and instruction of the lord.” (ephesians 6:4)
holy emmanuel is committed to helping parents in that all important task, and provides spiritual growth opportunities and fun events for children from pre-school to high-school age.










learn more


















upcoming events





















lent 2025:  life under the savior 
we invite you to join us at holy emmanuel as we celebrate the forty days of lent. this season we will reflect on different aspects of living a christian life under the lordship of our savior jesus. march 5, ash wednesday: “it’s about hope!”march 12, wednesday lent: “christian freedom”march 19, wednesday lent: “i wish i…



read more


 













christmas eve and christmas day worship 
come join holy emmanuel as we celebrate the coming of lord jesus with our christmas eve candlelight service, 4:00 pm december 24th. then come celebrate the birth of jesus christ on christmas day, december 25th at 9:30 am! christmas day service will include holy communion.



read more


 













coffee hour fundraiser 
for the month of december our sunday morning coffee hour will seem a little bit different. our holy emmanuel youth will be hosting coffee hour for the month of december and all donations will help support our youth go to the national youth gathering in july 2025. our theme will be christmas goodies! christmas cookies,…



read more


 












 

























952-888-2345






























 
aboutour teamministrieshelc councilopen arms ecc













 
prayer requestsweddingspastoral carecontact usgive










copyright ©2023 | holy emmanuel lutheran church









 
















