    dayton dui - ovi attorney charles m. rowland ii          
skip to content






homeexperiencecredentialstestimonialsterritoryfaqsresourcesarrest night questionnairehow to hire a dui attorneydui articlesfree evaluationcall 937.318.1384



homeexperiencecredentialstestimonialsterritoryfaqsresourcesarrest night questionnairehow to hire a dui attorneydui articlesfree evaluationcall 937.318.1384

call 937.318.1384
speak with charles 24/7
yes, you can beat your dui charge.
dui lawyer fighting for the miami valley and all of ohiofor over 30 years

i'll defend your rightskyle
a very very friendly down to earth personim a recent college graduate who just started looking for a job and happened to get pulled over at the wrong time. thought i did well on my test and i blew twice the limit. i wanted a good lawyer so i could beat this case and i couldn’t of chose a better lawyer than mr. rowland. a very very friendly down to earth person and he definitely knows what he’s doing. he was able to get my dui dropped and i almost couldn’t believe it. anyways i highly recommend mr rowland if you are in the same position i was ink.k.
i felt like i was being represented by familyi hired mr. babb for a case and he did not disappoint at all. he kept me up to date at all times on what was going on. he genuinely seemed to care about my case. he worked hard and constantly fought for me. i felt like i was being represented by family. his hard work and dedication towards my case payed off and he won the case for me. hopefully i never need his services again but if i did he would be my first phone call to represent me a and would absolutely refer him to anyone.matthew thornburg
he was true to his wordmr. rowland was highly recommended to me by others he had helped and i made the right choice by hiring him; this man clearly knows what he is doing and i could not be happier with the results. i was facing a dui (with a history of duis), and a hit-and-run. he traveled to a different county and immediately got the dui thrown out. i walked out of the court house this morning with not a single day in jail. i never even had to stand in front of a judge. from the very beginning he was honest and up front about everything. thanks charlie!ryan kenley
doesn’t beat around the bush or just after moneymr.rowland is the best dui lawyer you can get. i got him and he did me awesome. very happy with the outcome of my case. very nice guy and easy to talk to. he walks you thru every step of you’re case and let’s you know with confidence that he will fight his hardest. doesn’t beat around the bush or just after money. he would rather win a case then earn money. his office staff is amazing as well! 10 out of 10 in my books as it goes with a lot of other people i know that hired him. thanks charles!sydney shuster
my expectations were blown awaymr. rowland is hands down the best in the business! his professionalism, knowledge, and experience is absolutely unmatched. let’s be real, i was facing several charges that were utterly terrifying. i thought my life was truly over. never in a million years could i have even imagined the outcome that i would receive and i owe it all to him. my expectations were blown away…i’m walking away with both original charges reduced to physical control and all others dismissed!madalyn jackson
he is the only one who immediately put my mind at easemr. rowland exceeded all my expectations from the first day we talked until the end of my court dates. after getting my first dui i was very stressed out and not sure how to move forward. i had talked to many lawyers before mr. rowland, he is the only one who immediately put my mind at ease as well as took my case no questions asked. he worked hard and throughly throughout the entire processanonymous
his transparency and knowledge gave me confidenceattorney rowland went above and beyond in my case. he made sure that i understood everything that was happening and his transparency and knowledge gave me confidence throughout. he got me the best possible outcome that i could have received. i would recommend him to anyone looking for an attorney.jamie
had a appointment within 48 hourscontacted them for legal support and had a appointment within 48 hours. extremely patient and helpful, explained the steps of the legal process and possible avenues to take before actual court plea. very happy with the results (fine/probation) and hopefully never have to use again! really recommend mr. rowland and his team!chad howard
this guy literally works legal miracles!this guy literally works legal miracles!! was very nervous about my second dui. him and lori helped me through everything. went to court and no jail!!! i thought this was gonna be impossible but this man is by far the best in the business. worth every dollar and then some!!

read all

about charlie

the war on drunk driving
all i do is dui defense.  get your life back on track  & back to driving.with 30 years of experience exclusively representing dui and ovi cases, charlie has developed substantial knowledge in handling complex cases, especially involving scientific evidence, which is critical in dui defense. his understanding of forensic techniques positions him well to scrutinize the prosecution’s evidence effectively and defend your case.

view credentials
















defending the miami valley


and throughout ohio
faqcan my test be thrown out of court?yes! we challenge and deconstruct every step in your conviction. from the initial stop to the ovi to the breath test, we understand how the breath tests work and how they can go wrong.can my ovi attorney get my license back?we work to help our clients get their life back on track after a dui. these cases can often seem like the end of the world but we help those people turn that idea around and start over with a clean slate.are the field sobriety tests accurate?there are a number of ways that even a sober person could perform poorly on the tests and they can therefore be challenged in court.can a person refuse the field sobriety test?we hear this come up a lot and generally the answer is yes. we’ve never seen someone arrested for failing to comply with this. if you get pulled over don’t give them anything to incriminate you with and don’t take their field sobriety test.

read all faq's

contact me
i’m ready  to help youaddress:
2190 gateway dr. fairborn, oh  45324phone:
 (937) 318-1384
 



 



 



copyright 2025 attorney charles m. rowland ii.
privacy policy. legal disclaimers. website design by jolly good media
i’m ready  to help youcontact formmessagenameemail(required)
phonecaptchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. 









 copyright 2025 attorney charles m. rowland ii.
privacy policy. legal disclaimer. website design by jolly good media  
call 937.318.1384




            




