  worldwide express | delivering parcels & packages worldwide       

tel: 0844 2572299covid-19brexitget a quotationall servicesuk overnight deliveryuk & europe same day deliveryinternational deliverydangerous goodsindustry sectorsreviewstransit times    

 
covid-19brexitall servicesuk overnight deliveryuk & europe same day deliveryinternational deliverydangerous goodsindustry sectorsreviewstransit times
worldwide express delivery expressing excellencewelcome toexpressing excellencefind out moreget a quotetrack a shipmentcustomer portalcontact ussame day courier delivery.same day parcel delivery leicestershire and same day pallet delivery from leicestershire to anywhere in the uk.we run our own fleet of vehicles of express delivery vehicles in and around leicestershire for same day deliveries and collections. worldwide express are part of a larger network for express same day deliveries and collections around the uk to suit your logistical requirements.worldwide express deliver parcels, pallets and machinery same day delivery from leicestershire around the uk with our own fleet of vehicles.our servicesuk & europe same day deliveryspecialising in time critical deliveries, we aim to alleviate you of any stress with the reassurance that we are fully managing your shipping needs.read moreuk overnight deliverywe cover all areas by providing a uk overnight delivery service. ensuring satisfaction and maximum flexibility for our customersread moreinternational deliverywe delivery worldwide to north america, south america, africa, europe, asia and australia. a track and trace service is availableread moreadditional resources
 
during the first lockdownin march, lockdown was established and the way we and every other business worked had to change… read more
 
open an accountbook, track & trace your goods, create your own address book for regular despatches and deliveries… read more
 
covent garden store launcha client approached us towards the end of 2018 requesting assistance with a shop fit in covent garden… read morewe are proud to work with...

curve theatre in leicesterworldwide express working in association with loughborough universityimpact creative group working alongside worldwide expressworldwide express proudly working with de montfort university, leicesterour company
- about us
- recommend a friend
- privacy policy
- terms and conditionsget in touch
- get a quote
- track & trace
- customer portal
- contact usmore from wwexpressall goods are carried under rha terms & conditions unless otherwise advised.
copyright 1992 - 2025   worldwide express (uk) ltd   |  company no: 02758942   |  tel:0116 2668 500worldwide express (uk) ltd. express house, unit b, macdonald road, belgrave industrial area, leicester, le4 5hdwordpress websites by wigwag 
we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
accept
       

close gdpr cookie settings




privacy overview


strictly necessary cookies


additional cookies

privacy overviewthis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
strictly necessary cookiesstrictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.

enable or disable cookies


if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
additional cookiesthis website uses the following additional cookies:(list the cookies that you are using on the website here.)

enable or disable cookies


please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
enable all
save changes
 




