







sedona antiques--antique, collectible, vinyl record albums and old marbles




sedona antiques--antique, collectible, vinyl record albums, 45's, audio cd's and cassettes









 
no auctions. no waiting. no disappointment.
 just low prices all the time
bundle and save!
each additional record, 45, cd and cassette ships for only 99 cents. 
check out our selection of bob dylan albums!




introducing the beatles

elvis: double trouble

lou reed: rocknroll

mickey mouse: splash dance



led zeppelin: led zeppelin

jimi hendrix: are you experienced

pink floyd: dark side of the moon

the beach boys: shut down



led zeppelin: houses of the holy

jimi hendrix: axis bold as love

queen: the game

mickey mouse: merry christmas



love: da capo

ac/dc: back in black

aerosmith: greatest hits

big brother: cheap thrills









search our store










sedona antiques is an established internet  retailer located in sedona, arizona. we have been selling online since 1999. our inventory includes over 75,000 items for immediate shipment and features rare and collectible vinyl record albums- lp's -  12 inch  singles - cd singles - cd albums.  items are  graded cover first,  then media.  we package and ship our vinyl records with the greatest care, using extra-thick packaging to ensure that your rare and collectible vinyl records arrive in pristine condition. every record is professionally cleaned. records are removed from the album cover to avoid damage and shipped in an inner paper sleeve. the record and album cover are then placed in a 3 mil plastic sleeve, carefully placed and packed in a cardboard record mailer. we guarantee every item we sell to be as listed. you can always  expect prompt courteous service and  accurate grading at sedona antiques.  we value our customers and  have many repeat customers. 







vinyl record albums, 45's, audio cd's and cassettes



world's largest selection of antique 



andâ collectibleâ walt disney records



give the gift of music this year 

            just added:â johnny winter, frank sinatra,â the beatles, 
â 

the beach boysâ andâ neil diamond 
 





this week's featured artist: the  beatles

tell a friend about this web site:â 
            







click here for information on grading of vinyl recordsâ 
not finding what you are looking for?
vinyl record albums wanted
send us your want listâ of vinyl records, old marbles,
antiques and collectibles      









about usâ |â e-mailâ |â orderâ |â linksâ |â what's newâ â /â shipping
          / 1-928-301-6980




 















 









      copyright â© 1999-2025â sedona antiques. all rights reserved. no part of this
      website, images, graphics, text, or code may be reproduced without the express
      written permission of sedona antiques.
      permission is granted to link to this website. our address is:
    

    sedona antiques
    

    p. o. box 295
    

    sedona, az 86339
    
web site designed and maintained byâ high desert design studios


site map



 











â 
â 









 






 


 

 







