


donavan lakes fishing club - marion, alabama







 
 






 
 


 


 


 
 location   


 
 membership   


 
 application   


 
 
phone numbers   


 
 bar-d photos   


 
donavan photos


 
 photos from
						  the past   

 


 
 


 
 

 

 

  a public membership fishing club near marion, al, perry
				  countydonavan 5 lakes (gps):
				2131 eagle grove church road, marion, al 36756  
adult rainbow trout from north carolina
				were stocked in sturdivant lake on 3 december, 2024.... catch and release till 15 march,
				2025.. the fishing club is
				having problems with a new invasive weed, common salvinia.all 4 donavan
				lakes have common salvinia. we are routinely spraying all infested lakes and we have
				the weed under control.memberships for 2025 are now being accepted = $1,000 ($37
				fee for credit card charges).. as of 7 february, 2025, we have 22 members of the
				club.club membership includes all 4
				donavan lakes. the bar-d property has been sold and is no longer part of the
				club.  contact club
				manager thomas wilson for information and for joining the donavan lakes fishing
				club.... 334-247-2101; email: wils5789@bellsouth.net
release all bass 16 inches or
				longer!
rule: flotation devices
				  are required for all boats.
the donavan lakes fishing club and
				  donavan inn are located on perry county 38
				  (four miles south of marion on hwy 45; take perry county 38 west for one mile;
				  donavan club sign and gate on the right). or, if traveling on state hwy 5, go
				  six miles south of marion and take perry county 38 east for 2.1 miles; club
				  sign and gate will be on the left. donavan inn - a working farm on the blackbelt
				  prairie, marion, perry county, alabama ... home of the donavan lakes fishing
				  club.donavan inn
				  weddings and special events 
- events/rentals 
managers: tyne olkie, 205-288-6027. tzcoley@gmail.com
and

brandy roye, 205-288-2456.
				  kbkkl@yahoo.comdonavan lakes fishing club
				

manager wilson
				with his inventions of "beaver proof" bass and crappie structures (see plan
				below). many of these fish magnets were placed in donavand and in sturdivant.
				bass concrete condos were also put in donavan. watch for metal four metal poles
				sticking out of the water .... there is a pile of cinder blocks in the middle
				of these poles. floating pallets on metal poles were added to these three
				lakes. wilson marked these new structures with duck decoys and small buoys.
				text or email manager wilson and let him know if these new fish structures are
				producing fish.  

manager wilson and phillip peek
				putting a bamboo bass tree in donavan lake, june 2020.

beaver proof pvc fish
				magnets .... creations by manager wilson 



harlyn brumfield, 11 years old. new family
				  member... november, 2023.
 "the bass are still chasing shad. i caught the
				biggest bass of my life today ... 8.64 lbs. i'm loving this club. i have a lot
				more pictures if you want them. i caught a 7.25 pounder too." todd barker, 5
				feburary, 2024.
10 1/2 lb bass caught by wallace
				williiams on first trip to the club, march, 2023.good afternoon, thomas wilson! just wanted to let you know
				that my first trip to the club was quite successful. when you asked me what my
				biggest bass was before i joined, and i said 8+ lbs. you said "we can do better
				than that" ….well, you were right! this 10lb -2oz girl came on my first
				fishing trip. i fished two weekends ago and caught seven bass from 2lbs to this
				giant. i had a great time, and all the fish were returned healthy to the water.
				i'm looking forward to more trips to the club and hope to campout a few times.
				i'm also looking forward to flyfishing for some big bream. anyway, i had a
				great time and wanted you to know that. thanks for managing these
				lakes….the one i've fished was fantastic! wallace williams 
jason conner with
				nice club bass... summer of 2021
gunner conner ... 2021
				

tyler hudson, grandson of member
				dr. david allgood of brierfield, with a big bass from sturdivant lake.
				caught on a gay blade (february, 2018))

obie moore, montevallo,
				al., 8 1/2 lb bass.... sept., 2023.
gene gautro,
				birmingham, with big bass on fly rod .... minnow fly that he tied. 7 jan. 2022.
				gene is a certified pickleball
				instructor.
new club member, larry
				melton, jr. .... u-tube programs on fishing
				... check him out! davis fish farm, centre, al, stocking donavan
				lake with 1,000 lbs of adult northern bass
				... february, 2022.
roy
				barnett, jr. with a northern bass being stocked into donavan lake,
				february, 2022.

dr. billy bishop with
				11 lb 5 oz club bass. 
				
 "manager wilson, had
				a great trip to the club in mid-april, 2022. late in evening we caught them well for about 2 hours.
				next day caught about 30 with quite a few 3
				and 4 lb fish. my boys loved it .... we will
				be back soon... thanks, brian sharp.  



  

 


ken marion, birmingham, with nice 10
						  lb 3 oz. bass on a worm (april, 2016). ken caught 14 nice bass on the morning
						  of 23 december, 2018.ken is past president of the alabama audubon society and here is a
						  memo he sent to me about birding at the club...
birding at the club. birding
						  note: manager wilson saw an american bittern on the shore of donavan
						  lake in mid-december, 18. several loggerhead shrikes are at donavan, 15 april,
						  2022.
  tim frank caught this 10 lb
						  bass on a fly rod .... weighed with a certified boga grip scale, april,
						  2020.



 
 

 
 manager wilson's judson college bass fishing class... summer
				  2013.roy barnett, jr. with
				  judson college student, kaylan hammonds, on sturdivant lake pier. kaylan is a
				  student in manager wilson's bass fishing class. bass caught on 10" crawdad
				  worm... 7lbs 1 oz. (june, 2015).
 schooling bass chasing shad... manager
				wilson (31 dec. 17) 
jim leachman,
				montgomery, with big club bass ... notice the huge glide bait that caught this
				fine fish. jim caught 10 bass that cold morning... top 5 bass weighted over 32
				lbs. 23 dec. 2018.
bowfin are in donavan lake....
				  notice a fairly large population of adult bowfin fish has been identified in
				  donavan lake. manager wilson has watched them feed on shad and has seen members
				  hook into these big fish. go to our
				  club news link for more information on catching
				  bowfin fish. 



jay haffner, district iii fisheries
				  biologist, and, dr. ken marion, biologist from uab (see ken's photo at top of
				  page), both advise the removeal these fish eating predators from all club
				  lakes... please do not release bowfin back into the lake. read the
				  correspondance among wilson, haffner and marion concerning bowfin
				  management at the club.members: send me a
				  photo of a bowfin that you have caught! (manager
				  wilson, 12 aug., 2014).
 immediately release all bass
				  16 inches long or longer. i will be checking livewells and ice chests more
				  often. if you break this rule, you will be removed from the
				  club!trophy bass - 13 lb 2oz bass caught at club
				  (25 august, 2012; weighed with digital scales). rod bamberg, marion, caught
				  this lunker and stated, "i have never seen such a huge head on a bass. it was
				  enormous. i was so nervous that i wasn't able to take a picture." this bass is
				  still swimming in the lake. this fish could easily gain a pound by spring, and,
				  with 3 lbs of eggs...a new state record will be waiting on some lucky club
				  member.another trophy bass
				  (below) caught by rod bamberg from club lake... spring of
				  2016my records show that this
				  is the 8th bass caught from club lakes weighing over 12 lbs. the largest
				  weighed 14 lbs 1 oz and it was caught from lake ely by randal cowart, bessemer,
				  in 2000. a photo of this bass is on the club web site (manager wilson).
				  
manager wilson sets record
				  for largest fish recorded from club lakes
 (6 jan., 2019 ... see photo
				  below).

"i have a monster... look at that
				  rod...it's pulling the boat... this is the biggest fish of my life"...that's me
				  all excited about what was on my 12 lb test line and my light action 6 foot
				  rod. the fish ran under the boat... i stood
				up and put the rod deep into the water... the fight was on. i soon realized it
				was not a bass. i thought it must be a huge bowfin. "it's a grass carp shouted
				rod banberg from a distant boat. after a long battle phillip peek netted the
				monster and a beautiful but useless white amur ... asian carp ... better known
				as a grass carp was in the boat. i had snagged the fish in the dorsal fin which
				allowed the big fish to put up a maximum fight. the weight was an official
				estimate of 40 pounds and i immediately took it to my friend tina at the lotus
				garden restaurant. tina and family were very excited to get this famous asian
				delicacy. bass were again chasing shad in the lakes. the challenge with
				this feeding frenzy is to find a lure that will turn the bass away from shad
				and onto your plug... another fun day at the donavan
				club.
 jim leachman (below) moved to alabama from
				washington state... where he fished the columbia river for largemouth and
				smallmouth bass. jim is catching lots of big bass from club lakes... 3 at 10
				lbs and bigger bass have been brought to the tube. jim fishes out of a
				tube.

jim leachman with 7 lb bass
				... dec. 2021
 here is an email to me
				  from jim about outstanding fishing at the club (sept. 17):got
				  another big one today. she weighted 10.58, i did measure her because it was a
				  long fight so i got her back in the water as soon as i could. got her on a
				  "fire tiger" lipless crank in open water off same pier i got the other 2 from.
				  blue sky's partly cloudy. time was around 10:30-11:00. i went to roy after that
				  and got on a nice crankbait bite, maybe 7 fish or so. but at the very end i
				  hooked a fish on that little snag just left of the ramp. to tell you this was
				  the 2nd biggest bass i had ever seen live. the other was in a bass pro shop
				  tank in las vegas. i kept her under water for more than a min and she was
				  ripping drag even though i had it as tight as it could be. then she jumped, pro
				  3 feet out of water and spit the crank. she had to be almost 30 inch and over
				  12lb. she jumped right in front of me so i got a great look at her. that is the
				  problem with these small squrebills cranks, hard to keep them buttoned up. my
				  heart just sank when she spit it. outside of a tank never seen a fish like this
				  in my life. took few pics of fish from today but they were terrible, hard to
				  take pics of big fish by yourself.
here is another note from jim (27 feb.
				  18):
well i hit donavan before coming into town.
				  fished for about 70 mins or so before rushing into town. first time in long
				  time i caught water at a boil. nothing on squrebills no matter where i threw.
				  then went to the same lippless that i had hooked my last 25 fish at the lakes.
				  then it started, fish after fish after fish, all over 4.8 up to 6.8 . caught 15
				  before i took a break. when i came back the water was kinda on and off with the
				  boil. but i picked up right where i left off just banging them. trick was i
				  caught every fish from the same spot, like a 5'square area and if i didnt hit
				  that spot i didnt get bit. was crazy day. i was up over 35 fish and lost prob
				  another 15. was so tired i decided to quit, losing fish after working them all
				  the way to the dock and have them come off was a lot of work. here is a pic of
				  what was a very nice lure before i started and the reason i was losing fish.
				  and had no more baits like this one and they would bite anything else. show
				  original message 

improvements for
					 2016: we are using davis fish
					 farms of leesburg, al, for all of our bass, bream catfish and shad
					 stockings. we buy our pond fertilizer, fish pro max, from davis fish
					 farms..a big load of
					 adult northern largemouth bass was added to snag lake on 13 january (photos
					 below). a load of adult northern largemouth bass was added to swamp lake on 23
					 of march. threadfin shad were
					 added to lakes snag, swamp and gayle in early april of 2016. 250,000 golden shiner fry were added to snag lake and to swamp lake
					 in april of 2016 as was done in donavan lake a few years ago.
					  we continue our pond
					 fertilizer program (davis fish farm - fish pro max,
					 10-52-4).

adult northern largemouth bass were stocked in
					 sturdivant lake in the winter of 2012. we stocked adult northern bass in lake
					 roy in february, 2019. lake roy is "catch and release all bass" till october,
					 2020.

the donavan club uses
					 davis fish farms, leesburg, al., for the stocking of all fish in our
					 lakes.




 steve crawford (above), marion,
					 with another nice bass - 2018.

dr.
					 ken marion with big bass from snag lake, 14 march, 2016 



 ken barton caught this huge bass from a
					 club lake in the summer of 2015.   
the drought of 2016 let us
					 see the bream beds in snag lake... built on
					 the pea gravel that was added when the lake was
					 constructed.crappie
					 alert: crappie are bad for bass and bream lakes. they
					 feed on fish eggs and on young fish like a pack of wolves. the first crappie
					 caught from any club lake was caught from lake donavan in 2011. we now have
					 slab crappie in donavan and snag lakes. if we have them we might as well enjoy
					 them. keep all crappie that you catch! do not put any crappie back into the
					 water...keep all small and all large crappie. keep all the crappie that you
					 catch...no limit on crappie. please report any crappie caught in any
					 club lake to manager wilson. thank you and good fishing.
					 tw 
 



[email sent to me in april,
							 2013. look in donavan photos for additional images]dr.
							 wilson, i have sent you many stories in the past but have never really
							 sent many photos so here they come. my brother is in one of them and dr.
							 clements is in another. all fish are over 8 lbs except for two. one is obvious,
							 two fish caught on one lure. i do not have photos of the one night we
							 (dr. clements and i) caught over 200 lbs of fish in 4 hours (10 at 3lbs, 10 at
							 4lbs, 10 at 5lbs, 6 at 6lbs, 5 at 7 lbs, and 2 over 8lbs) craziest thing we
							 have ever experienced. they were not taken digitally so i don't feel like
							 sitting here and scanning them in. many times i didn't have a camera
							 with me unfortunately. my camera broke so i had to use my cell phone for the
							 last year and the quality is not as good. thanks for the great times,
							 edgar luna [april 13, 2013]

 
club website created and maintained by thomas h. wilson,
						manager 
chris ryan of birmingham
					 caught this bass from a club lake in mid-march, 2012. see more bass caught by
					 chris in the donavan
					 photos link. 
manager
					 wilson teaches bass fishing each summer to judson college students. rebecca
					 reams and rachel walker were ourstanding fishing ladies and they love to fish
					 (wilson retired from judson in august, 2018 ... so, no more fishing
					 classes)..all club lakes were
					 designed, stocked, and are managed by thomas wilson. all 17 piers were designed
					 and constructed by thomas wilson.all donavan
					 lakes are stocked with tiger bass from american sport fish
					 hatchery.all club lakes are stocked with
					 threadfin shad, golden shiners, and fat head minnows.

club lakes water
					 temperature on 55 degrees, 3 december, 2024.
 


bass and bream limits
					 per day: 5 bass per club member per day, or, 8 bass
					 per party (club member + family and one guest). inn
					 renters make keep 5 bass per renter, or, a total of 12 bass a day for a
					 party of more that 2 inn fishermen). 25 bream per day per member; 50 total per
					 party per day. shad and shinners
					 for 2014 shad added to sturdivant, snag
					 and swamp: we added a load of threadfin shad to snag, swamp and sturdivant
					 lakes in april of this year just as we did in 2012. this makes a total of
					 40,000 threadfin shad added to these two lakes in the past two years.
					  

danial davis of davis fish farms in leesburg, alabama,
					 stocked 320 lbs of missouri northern largemouth bass into sturdivant lake on 17
					 february, 2012. in march, daniel stocked 10,000 threadfin shad into each of the
					 following lakes: sturdivant, swamp, and snag. northern bass are aggressive and
					 much easier to catch than the tiger bass stocked in all other donavan lakes
					 (not bar-d lakes). 





rod bamberg of marion caught
					 this 9 lb bass in may, 2013 (left) and another trophy (right) in march of 14.
					 rod has the club record at 13 1/2 lb.donavan
					 lakes fishing club and inn is featured in the new state web site,
					 www.alabamablackbeltadventures.com, promoting outdoor
					 sports and recreation on the black belt. 
hudson
					 wilson, grandson of manager wilson, worked hard adding piles of trees to
					 sturdivant lake. hudson worked in the rain and wind but we now have about 15
					 "fish magnets" in sturdivant lake. hudson joined the marines last week and he
					 leaves in about a month for boot camp. thanks for helping grandaddy
					 hudson. 

piles of trees were added to donavan lake on 26 july,
						2014. rod bamberg fished these new bass habitats the next morning and caught
						nice bass...lost one monster from the sunken trees. i watched small bass
						feeding in several of the piles of trees. we will add more trees and a few more
						piles of trees to donavan within a week. look for the small bouy markers.
						manager wilson
important rule! release
						all bass 16 inches long or longer. that means do not keep trophy bass. put that
						8 lb bass back into the water; put that 10 lb bass back into the water; put
						that 14 lb bass back into the water. only join this club if you will follow
						this rule! manager wilson  
 
jay hafner,
					 state district fisheries biologist, and manager wilson sampled the club
					 lakes to determine fish population dynamics (21
					 sept. 2011). the sein sample from donavan lake was tremendous...large numbers
					 of threadfin shad, golden shiners, all classes of bream and some small bass.
					 (above photo from july 2010 survey of donavan lake)"donavan lake is a throughbred lake...not a pony...but, a big league
					 fishery," stated jay to me after third seining effort. "let the water level
					 drop in this lake for the rest of the year. this will force forage fish into
					 open water and the bass will have a banquet... bass will get really huge,"
					 continued jay. notice
					 the large number of mature golden shiners and all classes of
					 bream! select
					 donavan
					 photos (left column) for photos and story.
 
manager wilson taught bass fishing to judson college students each
					 summer. these students are good fishermen and they caught bass from the club
					 lakes that weighted up to 10 lbs. wilson retired from teaching in august,
					 2018.



   susan moore caught this
					 big bass from donavan lake in may of 2012. susan is a student in manager
					 wilson's bass fishing class at judson college. this is the first bass susan
					 ever caught! she was using an 8 inch purple worm and a 1/8 oz. slip sinker. the
					 students caught lots of big bass from club lakes during the summer bass fishing
					 course. 
rebecca ream
					 caught this big bass ( may, 2012) on a bass fishing class trip with dr. wilson
					 to the donavan lakes fishing club. this bass might be a little bit bigger that
					 the one susan moore caught in the same lake a week earlier. "judson girls can
					 catch bass," dr. thomas wilson (class instructor and club
					 manager). 
  
donavan pier off ot the sturdivant dam.
				  when big rains fill sturdivant lake, the drain pipe empties under this pier on
				  the donavan lake side of sturdivent dam. the roaring current of water "boils"
				  up in front of the pier. this water current attracts baitfish ... and then the
				  bass come for lunch and the fishing can be fantastic. rod bamberg, marion
				  member, hit this spot at the right moment... using a 3/8 oz squarebill
				  crankbait (19 june, 2017).


  




tom barronton, montevallo, with another
						big bass - dec. 18.   
dave pinch & jerry king from surrey, england - april
					 2010englishmen visit the donavan inn and
					 clubwant to see some
					 big bass
					 photos? then click on donavan photos (link to the
					 left) 
john heard, marion,
					 knows how to beat the heat and to catch bass from club lakes. john is fishing
					 the cooler water that is being pumped into a lake. john saw bass chasing shad
					 in the cooler water and he joined the fun.(july 2010). additional photo of
					 john
					 heard.""i am extremely impressed
					 with your management of these properties... some of the best habitat that i
					 have ever fished and i have been tournament fishing all over the usa for 30
					 years. in alabama, i have fished levelwood, sweetapple, and old spring resort
					 lakes and i had rather fish the donavan lakes." john nolan (new member, 08).
					 see john's bass and
					 read about his fishing at the club.  dr.
					 wilson we wacked ‘em sunday, --- we caught 40+ no “giants ( like
					 stephen and liz) but the bite was fantastic! we had a “best five”
					 each over thirty lbs. with several 7’s and a best fish of 8+. finally
					 figured out the deep stuff at donavan. thanks for a great place to spend
					 quality time and recoupe from the real world. john p.s. thanks stephen and liz
					 for the help! john nolan, oct. 08 note: stephen joined the club in feburary, 08. he often fishes with
					 girldfriend, liz lassiter. see this bass fishing dueo's trophies on
					 donavan photos page.
					 stephan and liz are now married and they will fish the club lakes in july,
					 2012. i will post photos of their bass with a report of their fishing
					 trips.. twsee
					 stephen and liz catch big bass from club lakes on their
					 u-tube site....russeo48 most every one of
					 stephen's u-tube videos are from the donavan club... awesome stuff!
*see photos of big bass recently caught
					 (summer 09) by stephen and liz in the donavan photos link at the upper left
					 margin. 


 
stephen
							 russell, electrical engineering student at the uofa, and girldfriend, liz
							 lassiter, uofa interior design student (17 july 08) photo by manager wilson.
							 note: stephen and liz are married and are a happy fishing couple.

see a slide show
								  of stephen and liz's outstanding bass from doanavan club lakes...i mean
								  outstanding bass at their bass fishing alabama site!
								  be sure to click on the fishing pictures
								  link.just
								  wanted to check back in with you. we managed to catch a few more lunkers since
								  the last time i spoke to you. liz finally caught one over 10 pounds, it weighed
								  10 lb 2 oz. we have not been able to do as much fishing lately now that school
								  has started back. we went yesterday, which will probably be one of the last
								  fishing trips we make this year. i wasn't expecting to do nearly as well as we
								  did. we caught two seven pounders and the biggest was 10 lb 7 ounces. not bad
								  for a day in october. well, i just wanted to say thanks again and look forward
								  to another good year in 2009. thanks, stephen russell liz lassiter tuscaloosa,
								  al (see donavan photos link for liz's big
								  bass).liz russell
								  caught this 8 3/4 lb bass on 8 lb test line and a 4 inch finese
								  worm, 15 march,
								  2013.

 
hudson wilson, manager wilson's grandson, caught this 9 lb
					 bass from a donavan lake (07).
 
 
charles
					 ingram of fishing
					 university tv show filiming a recent program at the donavan club (oct. 23, 2010) - tv
					 imagesgoogle earth photo of donavan
					 lakes clubclub news, rules, water
					 conditionsand lost &
					 foundeastern lesser siren salamanders are in the donavan
					 lakes. read all about it...see images. 
 
cast nets are not allowed on club property!release all bass16 inches in length or longer.do not put bass over 16 inches on
					 stringers or in livewells!
no live bait fishing for bass or crappie in any
					 club lake! lure fishing for bass
					 only!  
judson college art
					 students and their instructor, ted whisenhunt, made and installed the art
					 sticks that decorate lakes donavan and sturdivant. see donavan photos link
					 for more images (summer, 09).  the george
					 hinkle story...champion of big
					 bass at donavan lakes fishing club!
rodney smith tells his big bass secrets...don't miss this
					 one!  sturdivant farm (home of donavan lakes) is
					 a working hay farm and cattle ranch. over 1,000 acres including lakes, swamps,
					 woods, pasture, trails and creeks are available to members. 


 
 





 
 


 
the roy and inez barnett family enjoys an outing at
							 the donavan lakes farm (december, 2002). 
  




 


 "i went to mexico bass
							 fishing two years ago. i won't go back. i had rather fish at donavan...the bass
							 are bigger!" ... said to me by member bob romine of pratville (9 dec.
							 07)special feature...bob romine and his big
							 bass


 


 


 
look for
							 bob and his bright red truck. his entire tackle collection is designed for big
							 bass f rom the bank. his 9 ft. spinning outfit is the best...in fact, i bought
							 one exactly like it and now i can fish in the middle of all lakes from the
							 bank





 


 
read about
							 donavan lakes fishing
							 club and bio logic pond management
							 project.


 


 

   




 


   
  


 
 



 



 



 



 
 


marion mcmurphy of mobile was given
							 a christmas gift certificate from his son for two days at the donavan inn.
							 marion and his wife came this march and had a wonderful time. marion invited
							 his friend, bobby moore, marion, to fish with him one morning.
							 bobby is a good fisherman and he caught the bass of his life at the
							 club. however, he lost the "big" bass after it wrapped his line around a
							 stump.bobby's bass weighed 10 lbs 8 ozs. (march, 2010)
 

 


 
 


 

randal cowart
							 with a 14 lb 1 oz bass caught from lake ely. randal was using 4 lb test line
							 (february, 2001). (left) world record
							 bass (22 lbs. 4 ozs) caught in georgia by george perry, 1932.
							 with gizzard shad now in bar-d lakes, we can break the al
							 state record and maybe the world record for largemouth bass.


 
 

 


 
 
donavan & bar-d clubs - photos and
								tales

 the donavan lakes project consists of donavan (40
					 acres w/three large fishing piers) and sturdivant (12 acres w/three piers)
					 lakes. these two lakes opened for fishing on 1 june, 2002. lakes sturdivant,
					 inez and donavan have well water pipes running to them for low water periods.
					  
 



 


eddy and melanie eddy caught these
								big bream in april, 2013. they are new members and are off to a fast start.
								
 




 


 



 



 
 


everett sharp and his friends from
									 the tuscaloosa flyfishing club rented the inn and spent several days catching
									 bass in club lakes. everett caught this 6 3/4 lb bass with his homemade
									 weedless frog popper, apr. 2010.


 
 









 


 
we added 1,000,000 golden shiner
									 fry to donavan lake on friday, 23 april, 2010.the fry came from
									 anderson minnow farm in arkansas.golden shiners
									 will grow fast and big...up to 12 inches in length. they are the native forage
									 fish of florida bass. golden shiners will allow our bass to reach maximum
									 genetic size...really huge.jessie brumfield (judson college soccer
									 player), manager wilson, mr. cox, and steve cox (exc. dir. of
									 international expeditions...the world leader in
									 nature travel) participated in the shiner project.below: manager wilson
									 and steve cox enjoyed adding the golden shiners to the lake. a 2 inch long baby
									 bass swam between my legs and ate a mouthfull of tiny shiners.






 


 



 

 





 


 
 


 
donavan lakes club
									 restroom. we have just constructed a nice fish cleaning station behind the
									 restroom.
 





 


club lakes - structure and honey holes... (see
							 snag and swamp during drought of 2007


 












the 8 inch well for donavan lake was completed on
							 wednesday, july 30, 2002. we are now capable of pumping 800 gallons per minute
							 (1,000,000 gallons per day) into donavan or sturdivant lakes.


 

 


 

lauren and hudson wilson
							 (my grandkids) with nice bass from sturdivant lake.

 


 




andrew pitts of birmingham with 9 lb
							 bass
 

the roofed pier on sturdivant lake has four ceiling
					 fans with lights, a sink and cabinet with hot and cold running water, patio
					 furniture and a fishing deck. the walkway to the pier is lined with solar
					 lighting. this pier is open to members but may be reserved for functions. a
					 "pier reserved by owner" sign will indicate when this pier is rented or
					 reserved for functions.  two lakes at the donavan club opened for
					 fishing on 1 june, 2003. snag and swamp lakes are each close to 20 acres and
					 they are full of heavy structure...definately spider wire lakes. lake inez is
					 six acres and is well designed for bass fishing with islands, channels,
					 ditches, pea gravel bedding areas and numerous large felled trees.
					 lake inez lost all of its water during the drought of 2006. the
					 lake is now full, has been restocked, and opened for catch-and-release fishing
					 1 jan. 2009. 


 



 the stocking program for the donavan lakes adds to
					 the excitement and productivity of this outstanding fishery. only
					 f1hybrid largemouth "tiger bass" have been and will be stocked in
					 these lakes. bluegill, shellcrackers, and coppernose bream are being stocked
					 along with rosyred fathead minnows and threadfin shad.  sturdivant lake
					 is stocked with a combination of florida and f1 hybrid tiger bass.
					 this lake is stocked with coppernose bream (85%) and shellcrackers (15%).
					 fathead minnows and threadfin shad were stocked in this lake. gizzard shad are
					 in this lake and should help the bass grow exceptionally large in a few years.
					 catfish weighing up to 20 pounds are in sturdivant lake by accident...we
					 thought we had removed all of the catfish.vincent thornton, tuscaloosa,
					 caught a 14 lb bass from lake gayle in february, 2003. tina russell from
					 heiberger, alabama, caught a 13 1/2 lb bass from the lake ely pier in may of
					 2001. these two bar-d lakes continue to produce huge fish. 






 
 

 



 


 





 


 

the sturdivant farm house (1890) has been remodeled and
							 restored. new living quarters have been built as an add-on to the rear of the
							 old house. this farm house (donavan
							 inn) is available for rent to all interested persons. donavan
							 inn opened on 1 april, 2004. 

 


 
 

 


swamp lake is a great fishing place for those who
							 like heavy structure and a closeup trip to nature. it is a scum frog and
							 snagless sally hole. 



 
 


 

 camping in tents, popup campers and in rvs is free
							 at the clubs. electrical outlets are available and free for general use. we
							 charge $25/day to members for electrical hookups for summertime airconditioner
							 usage. payment is on the honor system...give the fee to manager wilson when you
							 see him at the club or mail the fee to manager wilson. 


 
 


. the donavan club has a self-contained rv camping
							 area beside swamp lake. this rv area is grassed and has five 30/50 amp
							 hookups.do not leave your camper unattended anywhere at the club...take it
							 home with you!
 



 
 

people who camp at the
					 club are doing so at their own risk. we are not responsible for damage done to
					 camping vehicles. you need to see the camping areas before coming to camp. this
					 is a prairie...the land can be a soggy mess during the winter and after a big
					 rain.. popup campers and tent camping at the donavan
					 club are allowed only on the back property near lakes snag, swamp and inez.
					 do not leave your
					 camper on club property...take it home with you! you may camp for 7
					 straight days then you must remove the camper from our property. you may camp
					 after 14 days have passed. 


 
 


 

manager wilson led a birding tour of perry county
							 for the birmingham audubon society in april of 05. the group spotted the
							 uncommon american bittern in the reeds on donavan lake. this bird was a new
							 life list for many of the birders.manager wilson
							 watched an american bittern feeding along donavan lake dam (dec. 18) ..."got my
							 boat close to the bittern and watched him for a long time... wonderful bird ...
							 it was migrating to tropical american and stopped to snack on our small
							 fish."


 
 

 in addition to exceptional fishing, the club has
					 wonderful opportunities for birding, walking, camping, picnics, nature trails,
					 and peaceful relaxation. i have seen eagles, ospreys, kites, great egrets, wood
					 storks, white ibises, ducks, geese, shore birds, herons, rails (with chicks),
					 hawks, anhingas, cormorants, bobolinks, and may songbirds on the property. the
					 lakes and woods are visited by deer, fox, beavers, coyotes, ground hogs,
					 otters, turkeys, alligators, snakes, and other fine creatures.  


 
 


 

club animals and
							 wildlifesnakes at the club...an id
							 article


 
 


http://www.alabamahuntingfishingtrail.com


 
 

" american bitterns have been
					 seen during the winter at donavan for the past two years. i saw one in early
					 december of 07. a pair of mature bald eagles spent sunday afternoon on swamp
					 lake. i watched these majestic birds play and pearch on dead trees for several
					 hours. their brilliant white heads and tails were beautiful. it was a blessing
					 to be so close to birds that almost became extinct in my earlier years"
					 (manager wilson, december 15, 2002). a ball eagle has been perching atop a
					 pecan tree beside the farm house. an anhinga can be seen early in the morning
					 at lake ely at bar-d." (wilson, december 28, 2003).  membership in donavan lakes fishing
					 clubcredit card
					 payments: we will take credit cards for the fishing club and for
					 the donavan inn. all fishing club credit card transactions are to be done with
					 manager wilson. all dues are to be paid to manager wilson.



 

 


  two new and exciting donavan club lakes (snag, & swamp)
					 opened for fishing on 1 june, 2003. lake inez inez lost all of its water in the drought
					 of 2006. lake inez has been drained and is now part of the wetlands for
					 wildlife program ... an effort to help migratory waterfowl (nov. 2010).



 
 


 




 


manager wilson and
							 brother, ray, fished treasure lake in cuba for bass... also for
							 tarpon and snook in the hatiguanico river. 


 
 


 
corporate/business donavan lakes fishing club
								contract


 


 
hunting
								and fishing in west alabama


 
 





 
 


outstanding natural areas with superior
							 birding, interpretive nature trails, and swamp canoe trips are found at
							 perry lakes
							 park/bartons beach cahaba river preserve. located only
							 10 miles ne from the donavan club on perry county 175, these two recreational
							 areas are well worth a visit.


 
 




 
 



 
 


 


    
				 

  thomas h. wilson, manager  1714 prier
				  drive marion, al 36756 334-247-2101
				waypoint: n 32-36.664 w 087-20.056 wils5789@bellsouth.net 

 

