




vacation contest consumer fraud
















hot legal issues
legal news
lawsuits
settlements
faqs
state law








advertisement



lawsuits news & legal information 
vacation related contests and prizes

a law suit has been filed by gainey & mckenna against vacation station, llc, leisure path vacation club, leisure path, inc., bluegreen travel company, bluegreen corporation and related companies in new jersey. the case involves alleged violations of the consumer fraud act and/or other applicable laws.  

specifically, the allegations are that the companies noted would contact consumers and inform them that they have won any one of several prizes, but that in order to redeem the free prize the "winner" had to agree to participate in a sales presentation, usually regarding the purchase or lease of real-estate, purchasing a membership in a vacation or travel club, or some similar product/service.   

if you were a contacted by any of the above noted businesses and were informed that you won a prize, we would like to hear from you whether or not you attended the sales presentation or received a prize. although the case has been filed in new jersey, we are also looking for possible victims residing elsewhere in the united states. please click the link below to submit your complaint so we can review your matter.  

 

complaints about other vacation clubs, contests, etc.   

 

counsel has also expressed interest in investigating other complaints regarding vacation clubs, promotions, and contests. in general, while many of these companies may operate legitimately, we are looking for complainants for possible action where any of the following may have occurred:  

 

1)       company said you won a free vacation, but then you had to pay for it. 

2)       company said you won a free vacation, but you had to pay the taxes and/or port fees for the trip in advance. 

3)       company said you won a discounted vacation but they didn't tell you that you had to sit through a three hour high pressure real estate pitch to qualify. 

4)       company told me you could travel anytime you wanted as long as they had 30 days notice, but when you tried to book my trip you couldn't get the dates you needed. 

5)       company told you that you had to make my decision right then and there during the unsolicited phone call, that you could not get a return call or call back - only "one opportunity per person" (high pressure sales). 

6)       company said they wouldn't run the credit card charge for a month and they ran it the very same day you gave them the number. 

7)       you never received any prize as described in the sales presentation.


  
register your vacation contest consumer fraud case
if you feel that you have been subjected to or victimized by the kinds of situations noted above, please click the link below to submit your complaint and it will be forwarded to attorneys specifically interested in this matter.please click here for a free evaluation of your  claimpublished on apr-13-05



















read more business settlements and legal newsread more defective products settlements and legal news
reader comments




				posted by
north dakota
				on september 26, 2007

i have received numerous calls from them over the last few days asking me to come and collect the tickets within the next few days.  i live in grand forks, nd and they are located in bloomington, mn.  i asked the reason as to why they couldn't mail me the voucher instead - i even explain the immense distance that i had to travel to get the voucher from them. i was told by the 2 operators i spoke to, that they just wanted to make sure that they were handing over the voucher to the right person and that it didn't fall into the wrong hands.  i got my brother to call them today and he got to the bottom of this matter after they beat around the bush with him too. they confessed to my brother that they would want me there in person because they want  me to attend a seminar.  so, they lied to me. they never did once mention to me that i had to attend the seminar. 

i have not suffered any damage but i am angry and disappointed at this business. i was in the process of planning and taking a day off from work so i could drive all the way to bloomington and back (10 hours or so drive) and to my disappointment, only  then found out that i was expected to attend a seminar.  i would hate to see anyone having to go through this.  i hope that people are forewarned about bluegreen inc.. btw, your website was an eye opener and has saved me from all that agony.


 

				posted by
south carolina
				on june 6, 2007

was told i won a free prize, but had to listen to a seminar, for vacation station, to claim it.  my husband and i sat through a seminar, and were deceived into purchasing the "membership" for over $2600.  next day, i tried to book travel, and was given the run around about "member pricing".  still have not received the information i requested, and was told my membership was not cancellable, even if i cancelled within 24 hours.  i was left with no other option but to wait for them to find out the "member pricing".  







add your comment on this issue



						please read our comment guidelines before posting.
		

name:

note: your name will be published with your comment.
email address:

your email will only be used if a response is needed.


your comment:



 




		are you the defendant or a subject matter expert on this topic with an opposing viewpoint? we'd love to hear your comments here as well, or if you'd like to contact us for an interview please submit your details here.
		







request  legal help






first name:

last name:

email address:

phone number(s):

zip/postal code:

describe your complaint:

you must have javascript enabled for this form to work correctly.

 receive our weekly newsletter with the latest lawsuit news and legal information.


 i would like to be interviewed by a journalist.

 

by submitting this form i agree to the terms of service.

						there is no cost to submit this form.






check claim status
advertise with us
legal funding center
get our newsletter

related lawsuits

defective catheter
exactech optetrak knee replacement failure
cpap lung cancer
monsanto roundup
surgical mesh complications

legal services

lawyer directory resources
free newsletter
publish your settlements
email this page to a friend what the accused has to say 







  
				  
		


		visit other online legal media websites:




		this work is licensed under a creative commons attribution-noderivs 3.0 unported license © 2001-2025 online legal media. all rights reserved.



tos
privacy
disclaimer


about us
faq
contact us


press
advertise
site map


					follow us


















