


soul heirs - vintage jewelry, baubles, and trinkets





























dear friends of mary elaine,it is with great sadness that i announce that my mom, mary elaine, has passed away this week. as such, the site will be out of operation until further notice. many blessings to all those who interacted with my wounderful mom. *hugs*
christian day
salem, massachusetts.
 dear friends,thank you so much for the many supportive emails, blog posts, and comments. they are helping me to get through this pain more than you can imagine. i wanted to share the information about my mom's obituary and services for those who wished to attend or send well-wishes or flowers.blessings,christian
obituary for mary e. taeger
mary elaine (day) taeger, 58, of beverly, devoted wife of glen taeger, died september 4, 2008 at the lahey clinic in burlington, surrounded by her loving family.born at the chelsea naval hospital in chelsea on june 30, 1950, to the late roscoe and mary (saravo) day, she was a longtime resident of beverly.mary was a graduate of north shore community college and was employed at appleseeds in beverly. she also operated a jewelry website at soulheirs.com where she loved interacting with customers from around the world. she was also an avid gardner and enjoyed the company of her cat, lily.mary was an adventurous traveler who loved to visit her favorite island of st. john in the u.s. virgin islands and also made trips to the yucatan peninsula of mexico. she loved to snorkel, hike, and enjoy the beauty of nature. closer to home, she enjoyed spending time with her husband, glen, on their boat.mary is survived by her husband of 14 years, glen, son, christian day, sister, maureen troubetaris, niece, tammy troubetaris, as well as many aunts, uncles, cousins, nieces, and nephews. she is predeceased by her brother, john day, niece, patricia tadiello, and cat, mister mindy.
services
a memorial tribute will be held at the italian community center, 302 rantoul street in beverly, on saturday, september 13th, from noon till 1pm, followed by a celebratory testimonial with family and friends. flowers should be delivered to the hall at 302 rantoul street between the hours of 8am and 11am on september 13th. arrangements were made by grondin funeral home of beverly. per mary's wishes, there are no visiting hours.















