




 















bellagio tourist portal - the pearl of lake como | bellagio lake como... the pearl of lake como































































when are you coming to bellagio?autumnwinterspringsummerstays in bellagio5 days4 days3 days2 daysdiscover bellagiobellagiothe lake comothe mountainshistory and culturewalking tourstrekkingare you in bellagio? useful infovillas and gardensrestaurantsattractionsshoppingbeauty & sportparkingpublic transportprivate transportguides and tour operatorsuseful services for touristsother servicesnews & eventswhere to staybuy an experience
bellagio lake como office
how to reach us
contact us




where to stay
buy an experience

bellagio lake como office
how to reach us
contact us










menu






close






 






contact us




experiences



where to stay





 

bellagio: the pearl of lake como



“an enogastronomical experience with a mix of lake and mountain”




“only with us... the best active holiday in bellagio”




“bellagio, romantic and evocative in every season”




“a territory where everything is family-friendly”




“christmas by the lake with the perfect mix of events, lights and quality crafts”





be one of the first to discover all the news and events of bellagio!



e-mail

country


afghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybruneibulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachinese taipeichristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoire (ivory coast)croatiacubacuracaocyprusczech republicdemocratic republic of the congodenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadaloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandshondurashong kong s.a.r., chinahungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikosovokuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldavamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmar (burma)namibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinepanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphillipinespitcairnpolandportugalqatarreunionromaniarussiarwandasaint barthelemysaint helenasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth koreasouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyriatajikistantanzaniathailandtimor-leste (east timor)togotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvatican cityvenezuelavietnamvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, uswallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe

read here the confidentiality agreement in reference to art. 13 of eu regulation 2016/679
i want to subscribe!








when are you coming to bellagio?
every season renders your holiday in bellagio unique.


autumn in bellagiocolours as far as the eye can see with outdoor activities, food and wine events as well as relaxing strolls along the lake.


bellagio winterlet yourself be won over by the winter elegance of lake como with its wealth of tranquillity, sublime landscapes and the possibility to savour interesting cultural visits.


spring in bellagiothe villas reopen, the gardens bloom once more, the cocktails and the experiences with lake views resume – discover all the things to enjoy in bellagio during spring.


summer in bellagiothe long sunny days are ideal for sporty activities, for sunbathing in the resorts by the lake and for visiting the villas and villages.


hidden beauty unveiled: explore the serbelloni villa park


don’t miss the chance to visit one of the most beautiful natural parks in the world!
join a 2-hour guided tour in the morning or afternoon, from tuesday to sunday, through breathtaking gardens and elegant, prestigious interiors.



buy your ticket


news from bellagio!

storie di lago

there is a silk thread that intertwines the wonders of the lake with its people and their traditions.
explore the city, the…
see more


lake como in spring: a real treasure
spring is upon us with its amazing colors and scents and the gardens and parks of lake como are ready to reopen their gates,…
see more


restaurants open in february
are you visiting bellagio and looking for a nice restaurant?
or just a cafè for breakfast or wineries for a lake view aperitiv?…
see more

discover all the news


what to do in bellagio
cultural visits, outdoor activities, sports, shopping and lake views. in bellagio, you are spoiled for choice.
walking tours around bellagiodiscovering bellagio while walking follow one of our itineraries for discovering more about bellagio’s history, culture and traditions
see more
trekking in bellagiofindyourself in nature the promontory of bellagio is ideal for outdoor and sports holidays for trekking and walking lovers, on the promontory there are…
see more
attractionsbellagio, where history blends with nature the history of bellagio is as antique as rich and reveals itself with the large amount and magnificence of its…
see more
beauty & sportthe promontory of bellagio is ideal for holidays for the lovers of nature and outdoor sports. sports enthusiasts have at their disposal spaces and…
see more
shoppingshopping in bellagio is a unique experience. if you visit bellagio for the first time it seems that time has stopped and has not scratched the colour of…
see more


events in bellagio!discover all events



with whom are you visiting bellagio?


for coupleswant to impress the person you love? give the gift of a couple’s getaway in bellagio!



with the familythe lake, mountains, good food and outdoor activities – bellagio is the ideal place for families.



business before pleasuremore and more often we travel for work, we take part in fairs and congresses that last several days ...



other occasionsshare the most important occasions of your life with your loved ones.




bellagio brochures
looking for maps, guides and itineraries to explore bellagio and surrounds? find them here!
explore the brochures









be inspired by our social media networks...

































associated
dining
shops
beauty and sports
attractions
transport
tradition and culture
press kit



services
armed forces
banks
newsagents
other services
pharmacies
proloco
sports facilities




information
webcams
brochures
tax free shopping





bellagio lake como
piazza della chiesa, 14 - 22021 bellagio (como)
tel.                            +39.031.951555
whatsapp                            +39.338.888.8647
contact us

                        vat 01640630131



where we are                            


gallery                            







privacy policy   cookie policy   change consents

                    powered by:
                    project partners:











home
where to stay
experiences
contact us










