













































physics and astronomy | college of liberal arts and sciences | the university of iowa







































    skip to main content
  






the university of iowa






university of iowa





            college of liberal arts and sciences
          






            physics and astronomy
          






search

submit search







search










site main navigation

aboutnewseventsaccess, opportunity, and diversityoutreach and public engagementhistory of the departmentjames van allen, space pioneerjob opportunitiescontact usvisit uspeoplefacultyadjunct facultyvisiting assistant professoremeritus facultystaffresearch staffpostdoctoral researchersgraduate studentsdepartmental officers and committeeswho does whatin memoriamundergraduate programsmajors, minors, and certificatesbachelor of science in physicsbachelor of science in astronomybachelor of science in applied physicsbachelor of arts in physicsbachelor of arts in astronomyminor in physicsminor in astronomyhonors in physics and astronomyexperiential learningcoursesadvanced placement credit policyregressiontutoringadvisingawards and scholarshipssociety of physics studentscareers and opportunitiesgraduate programsdegrees and certificatesmaster of science in astronomymaster of science in physicsdoctor of philosophy in physicsadmissions processadvisingcoursesfundingcareers and opportunitiesgraduate mentors (gradmap)recent graduatesresearch and creative workastronomy and astrophysicscondensed matter and materials physicsnuclear and particle physicsplasma physicsquantum informationspace physicsinterdisciplinary areasatmospheric and environmental physicsbiophysicsmathematical physicsmedical and biomedical physicsoptics and photonicsundergraduate student researchgraduate student researchresourcesfacilitiestesting centerssubmit faculty and staff newssciences libraryinstructional resources and lecture demonstrationsphysics help centerthe physics loungeit supportalumnialumni profilesalumni newsclas alumni and friendsui alumni and friends

























 


credit/provider:tim schoon - staff photographer - the university of iowa











        research at the cutting edge
      


from dark matter to space probes to qubits.















        ge clas core: natural sciences
      



learn more about how our programs can satisfy the general education clas core requirement in natural sciences.



ge clas core: natural sciences
              

















 









        james van allen
      



 learn more about the "father of space science".



                  learn more
                  






james van allen
      








 









        research
      



 our department includes over 20 research faculty, as well as twenty research staff, working at the forefront of their respective subdisciplines.



                  learn more
                  






research
      








 









        outreach and public engagement
      





                  see programs
                  






outreach and public engagement
      














        news and announcements
      









        undergraduate students awarded scholarships
      





                  monday, february 17, 2025
                

            eight undergraduate students in the department of physics and astronomy were recently awarded scholarships. they include: emerson peters,  avi kaufman, eric biedke, mary haag, phillipe jay, aditya venkatesh, and zachary piker.











        graduate students awarded scholarships
      





                  monday, february 17, 2025
                

            physics and astronomy graduate students rui huang, hossein zandipour, hassan bukhari, yuanzheng wen, jodie mclennan, eudes gomes da silva were recently awarded scholarships.











        ui team designs microscope to study interaction of light and matter in electronic devices
      





                  thursday, february 6, 2025
                

            in a new study, a physics team at the university of iowa designed a special microscope that can precisely study the interaction between light and matter that underpins electronic devices, such as those used in interior home lighting, smartphones, televisions and solar panels. the infrared cryo-microscope, designed by a team led by thomas folland, assistant professor in the department of physics and astronomy, uses off-the shelf components to make precise measurements of different materials’ properties.






view more












        upcoming events
      













        astrophysics & space seminar - sarah henderson, phd
      





                  thursday, february 20, 2025 3:30pm
                

van allen hall


exploring stream interaction regions throughout the heliosphere













        public observing night - van allen observatories
      





                  friday, march 7, 2025 7:00pm to 9:00pm
                

van allen hall


watch the skies!
join the university of iowa department of physics & astronomy as we use small telescopes on the southeast lawn of van allen hall as well as the rooftop van allen observatory to tour the spring sky. to attend this astronomy observation session, either join the event on the ground level outside of van allen hall or follow the signs inside of van allen hall to reach the rooftop observatory.













        demos unleashed 2025! physics & astronomy public demo show
      





                  friday, march 14, 2025 7:00pm
                

van allen hall


witness real-life physics in action through engaging demonstrations! our interactive show combines thrilling experiments with dazzling astronomical displays, making complex concepts fun and understandable!

the event will be hosted by prof. vincent rodgers, mr. dale stille, and andi swirbul. after the show, it is normal to feel a strong desire to become a physics and astronomy major! this year's program will feature the science of the tracers spacecraft mission which includes making plasmas...




view more events











  

      $
  


        26
      

  

      m
  




  

      in annual research expenditures (averaged over fy18-22)
  








        top fifth
      



  

      of global universities in physics
(u.s. news and world report 2022)
  








        very high
      



  

      research 1: doctoral universities
research activity
(carnegie classification)












        24
      



  

      full-time faculty
  








        3100
      



  

      students taught in introductory courses per year (2017-2022)
  








        124
      



  

      undergraduate physics and astronomy majors
(2023-24)
  








        72
      



  

      graduate students
(2023-24)
  















the university of iowa






university of iowa




physics and astronomy



              college of liberal arts and sciences
            



203 van allen hall (van)iowa city, iowa 52242-1479319-335-1686319-335-1753physics-astronomy@uiowa.edu


social media


 facebook


 twitter


 instagram


 linkedin





admin login



footer primary


undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions


visit campus


request info




footer secondary


clas advising


academic policies


myui


icon




footer tertiary


give to physics and astronomy


alumni


people


contact us







© 2025 the university of iowa

privacy notice


ui nondiscrimination statement


accessibility
















