






home - robert mcpherson antiques














































close menu 
home
our catalogue of antique ceramics

chinese
japanese and south east asian
european
new items
sold items


about us

robert mcpherson antiques   40th anniversary 1980 – 2020
40 years – a lifetime of antiques – stories and memories
buying antique ceramics from robert mcpherson antiques
selling japanese or chinese ceramics to us


history

kraak ware porcelain
identifying marks and inscriptions
shipwreck ceramics
d.r. laurence md on collecting chinese porcelain
early chinese ceramics


references

authentication
collectors
books about chinese ceramics
museums in europe and britain
antique dealers


events 2025

website updates


contact




toggle menu 













specialist in antique oriental ceramics
catalogue










qianlong helmet shaped jug for the indian market
c.1785
an 18th century chinese export porcelain helmet shaped jug, probably made for an english colonial family in india, qianlong period c.1785. the central scene depicts a mahout with a whip in his hand held up, the elephant he is riding looks distinctly unamused. a mahout is a person who drives an elephant. the word mahout comes from the hindi words mahaut and mahavat. usually, a mahout starts as a boy in the family business, when he is assigned an elephant early in its life, and they would become attached to one another throughout the elephant's life. the border to the interior of the jug is in the rococo style, it is of salmon scale with a feathered edge. the handle of the jug is of a rustic branch, with the tree rings showing on the terminus at the top. three chinese export porcelain services with the design of a mahout riding an elephant was ordered between about 1760 and 1790.
see below for more photographs.
view details











oriental & european ceramics
established in 1980



all items for sale





chinese ceramics





japanese and european ceramics





recently added





sold archive









buying antique ceramics from robert mcpherson antiques
read more




new items








a transitional porcelain ko-akai enamelled dish made for the japanese market
chongzhen period 1628 - 1644









a rare late kangxi or yongzheng chinese export porcelain spice box and cover.
c.1720 - 1735









a ming ko-sometsuke porcelain dish, tianqi period 1621-1627.
tianqi period 1621-1627









a ming ko-sometsuke porcelain dish, tianqi period 1621-1627
tianqi period 1621-1627







see all new items



robert mcpherson antiques
specialist in oriental ceramics

welcome to our website

we hope you find it easy to navigate and enjoy looking at what we have on offer. as well as the objetcs we have for sale, we offer a selection of scholary pages to inform you about the different subjects concerning oriental ceramics.

we pride ourselves on offering genuine pieces of rare and unusual chinese and japanese porcelain and pottery. everything we sell is guaranteed to be in the condition we describe it as on the website and on the invoice.

if you have any questions please get in contact with us. we also have a mailing list that you can subscribe to. you will receive a newsletter when the website is updated.

regards,

robert mcpherson.


about us




newsletter
sign up for the newsletter










 










catalogue

chinese
japanese south east asian
european
new items
sold items



follow us

facebook
instagram
pinterest



quick navigation

catalogue
about us
history
refences
events
contact



contact

mr. robert mcpherson
rmcpherson@orientalceramics.com
00 44 (0)7515 – 806230 (mobile)
00 31 (0)51 3856 – 553 (landline)






© 2025 - robert mcpherson





privacy
terms of use


















robert mcpherson logo



icon-facebook



icon-instagram





icon-pinterest



icon-twitter



icon-youtube









