

herpes.org: herpes: a non-profit website providing information, support, 
advice, and support for people with herpes (hsv, hsv1, hsv2) and other sexually 
transmitted diseases (std). features patient information, online lectures, connection with the herpes webring, ask the doctor about 
herpes, ask the counsellor about herpes, the herpes lobby, herpes chat, herpes 
mailing lists, and more.



































































































read our newest paper!
"what's new and what's not",
current thoughts for people living with herpes



click <here!>








read this wonderful paper!
"the psychological effects of herpes",
a novel work laying out how people with herpes can find the tools to help move on with their lives!



click <here!>







read "alternatives in intimacy",
a new paper on how intimate partners can have pleasure while decreasing the risk of transmitting infection!



click <here!>








read "the new hpv vaccine",
a new paper discussing the recently released hpv vaccine, including what it does and does not mean to you!



click <here!>











a potential partner 
has herpes
dr. h. has responded to many 
                    questions on this subject, and we post summaries of some of 
                    them here along with the answers he gave. if you are faced 
                    with this situation, and with giving "the talk" 
                    (i.e. having to tell a potential partner that you have herpes) 
                    then you may also want to review the other suggestions given 
                    in the top ten questions area 
                    (it's question #2). 
<learn 
                    more>

read the newly updated paper on 
partner protection from herpes









news for women - 
genital herpes and pregnancy
managing 
                    genital herpes during pregnancy is very important to the health 
                    of the soon-to-be-born infant. infants exposed to the herpes
                    simplex can experience brain infection, seizures, prolonged 
                    hospitalization, mental retardation, and death if the infection 
                    takes hold.
 <learn 
                    more>









smart living 
with genital herpes
living 
                    with genital herpes is a simple affair often made much more 
                    complicated by stress, fatigue, anxiety, and carelessness. 
                    the message of this paper is that through some basic education 
                    the patient with genital herpes can achieve excellent control 
                    of the disease, can avoid spreading the disease elsewhere 
                    on the body, can prevent other family members from catching 
                    the disease, and will significantly lower the risk of transmitting 
                    the infection to the person’s partner.
 
                    <learn more>












herpes.org provides a comprehensive approach to caring for people with herpes and hpv infections.  
we provide information about the diseases, what non-prescription and prescription treatments work, 
and where to find medical help and medication. 










first time visitors

we're glad you found us. this is herpes.org. here you will 
                    find lots of information about herpes and internet resources, 
                    with a focus on advocacy and information sharing. you will 
                    find lots of information here, and we are always adding to 
                    it. 
this website has comprehensive discussions about herpes infections and related issues as well as useful information on helpful treatments.

be sure to listen to dr. h's talks on herpes infections 
streamed directly to you online by clicking here!
















check out the newsletter!

this newsletter contains a letter from a friend, and discusses current concepts in herpes management, including comments about new vaccine development as well as a new family of antiviral medications under development.  go here to read it!
                    
















very important understanding for those with intimate partners!!   
using antiviral medication offers protection for uninfected partners!!

it has now been proved that the risk for uninfected partners of persons with genital herpes can be reduced by some 50% overall if the infected person will take the antiviral medication every day.  the risk of the uninfected person developing symptoms is reduced even further, by some 75%.  if condoms are used in addition to the infected person taking the medication, then the risk is reduced to virtually nonexistent, according to the study. while the study was performed with valacyclovir, it is possible that other antiviral medications may offer a similar effect.

















new indication for a short course of antiviral medication for genital herpes!!!

<learn 
                    more>
the first scientifically proved and fda accepted short course of therapy for genital herpes is now available.  recently valacyclovir was released to be used as three day treatment for recurrent outbreaks of genital herpes.  this is an effective approach to treatment that achieves the highest blood levels of medication available.  further work needs to be done to determine if other antiviral medications (such as famvir or generic acyclovir) may offer the same protection.


















current studies on herpes vaccines disappointing

<learn 
                    more>
everybody wishes that there was an effective herpes vaccine that could (1) prevent and (2) treat herpes infections.  
sadly, the results of multiple reseaerch studies have not proven that an effective herpes vaccine can be created, at least not yet!
see the results of some of the research trials in herpes vaccines here


















what about blood testing for herpes???

<learn 
                    more>
blood testing for herpes simplex infections can seem very complicated to many people.  
see a summary of the best available blood tests 
for genital and oral herpes simplex infections.  
be sure to read about the herpeselect type specific blood test from focus technologies!


















medical advisory board statements

<learn 
                    more>
"recent scientific research has shown that a dramatic reduction in shedding of herpes simplex virus occurs when people with genital herpes 
take antiviral medications such as acyclovir, valacyclovir, or famvir."  
read this statement about how infected partners can help protect their uninfected partners through the use of antiviral medications.
























statement of policy

<learn 
                    more>
the intention of this website is to inform and to educate only. 

the medical director reviews scientific literature on available products, both prescription and non-prescription, 
so that an informed consumer can make the proper decisions as to how to control herpes or hpv infections.  

www.herpes.org does not offer medical advice or diagnoses, and it does not prescribe treatment.  
any information provided should be taken in the general context in which it is presented,
which is an information resource only.

at no times, and under no circumstances is any medical relationship of any sort created
through any information resources which are available through this website.

all medical decisions, especially treatment decisions, should always be made 
between you and your private doctor.



















please bookmark this site!
this site has been under steady construction for almost 20 years!  

by the way, in case you don't come back to this website, please print off and read the papers on 
treatment for herpes infections, asymptomatic viral shedding, and smart living. 
      these papers contain the minimum amount of information that a person with a herpes infection, or a loved one, 
      should know in dealing with the disease.

be sure to listen to dr. h's talks on herpes infections 
streamed directly to you online by clicking here!

site statistics
visitors since january 2000:






herpes.org has served millions of those in need.
be part of the herpes.org family!












  















  about 
              us | herpes info | hpv 
              info | newsletters | 
              health info | faq's | support 
              herpes.org | site map | home  












<!-- edited 01 2017 --  <!-- <h3>herpes.org survey  2002-2006

>	