








south piedmont area health education center (ahec)

























                                about
                            

about
staff directory
location
policies
regional advisory committee




                                continuing professional development
                            

courses and events
credit info
moc iv




                                library services
                            

library services
ahec digital library
copyright guide




                                medical media
                            

medical media
a/v request form
auditorium reservation form
design request form
photography request form
photography gallery




                                practice support
                            

practice support
practice support resources




                                student services
                            

student services
3cep
nursing grants
student housing




                                workforce d&i
                            

health careers
health careers impact
ahec scholars
employer collaborative
social determinants of health






















search events





submit



























rn medication aide instructor course
learn more







49th annual internal medicine conference
learn more








previous



next







2025 spring catalog

view catalog »


south piedmont employer collaborative

the south piedmont employer collaborative brings together leading employers to create innovative solutions for workforce challenges. by leveraging the principles of the talent pipeline management framework, this collaborative aims to strengthen the talent supply and improve the future of healthcare. join us today and be part of a transformative initiative that supports the needs of our community
view details »


south piedmont ahec library

the south piedmont ahec library offers a wealth of resources and services to support healthcare professionals in their pursuit of knowledge and excellence. from comprehensive medical literature to personalized research assistance, our library is dedicated to enhancing your learning experience and helping you stay at the forefront of your field. explore our services today and discover how we can support your professional growth and development.
view details »


interprofessional continuing education credit

get ready for an exciting announcement about ipce credit! we're thrilled to share some groundbreaking news that will elevate your professional development and enhance your learning experience. stay tuned for more details and be prepared to take your education to the next level!















south piedmont ahec
recruit, train, and retain: developing the workforce for a healthy north carolina.































useful links


location


staff directory


atrium health


nc ahec


site map





contact


 5039 airport center parkway, bldg. k, charlotte, nc 28208
                            

 info@southpiedmontahec.org


 (704) 512-6523
                            


 



                        we're powered by podio - a new type of web-based collaboration software where sharing, communicating and getting work done takes place in one online platform - fully customizable through the unique ability to create your own apps.
                    

 









