





 



military housing at wright-patterson afb | the properties at wright field















 



 



aboutcommunitiesthe woodsthe prairiescontactamenitieseventscareersfaqs 
resident servicespay rent onlinework ordersenergy saving tipsdocument centerself-help store 






937.253.6009



 







937.253.6009



 

resident servicespay rent onlinework ordersenergy saving tipsdocument centerself-help store 








menu











the properties at wright field
serving wright-patterson air force base since 2002


explore the community		







 
 





about us
the wright field development company was selected by the u.s. air force to privatize military housing at wright-patterson air force base (wpafb) in dayton, ohio. the construction began in august 2002, and was successfully completed in january 2006. miller-valentine group, woolpert llp, and hunt building corporation formed the joint venture of wright field development company to pursue this project. previously called page manor and woodland hills, the new housing development has been renamed "the prairies at wright field" and "the woods at wright field".



						learn more					









our communities
currently home to over 2,100 active-duty military, non-active duty residents, and their family members, the community consists of two neighborhoods, featuring single-family, duplex-style, and town homes. the modern floor plans include attached garages and privacy fencing, with high-speed internet, cable and telephone access available in multiple rooms and common areas.

the prairies legacy homes were renovated during an extensive “whole house renovation” project. renovations include brand new flooring, cabinetry, counters, appliances, roofs, doors, windows, and heating and cooling. once this is complete, the same renovations will be completed for the woods homes. these renovations are improving the quality of life for our dedicated service men, women, and their families who reside in our community.





				the prairies at wright field			

				the woods at wright field			










choose wright field
these communities are currently home to more than 1,300 service men and women and their families. virtually an entire new community has been created, with the addition of 789 new single-family homes, garden homes and townhouses. these contemporary homes have modern floor plans and amenities including attached garages, privacy fencing, multiple bedrooms and high-speed internet access.





 
explore daytonsee what dayton and the surrounding area has to offer you and your family. explore 


 
benefitsexplore the many benefits of living at the properties at wright field. view 


 
site toursget a bird's eye view of our communities with our aerial video watch 


 
contact ushow can we help you? we are here to help and welcome your questions and comments. contact us 
















we would recommend anyone looking to live in a great neighborhood, with a safe environment and reasonable rental prices, look no further than the properties at wright field. without a doubt, a top notch community, manager and staff. we are enjoying our home sweet home.






 

	        - rich & tammi p.	    





we really are grateful to have found pwf. thank you to all the pwf staff for being so wonderful all the time. you guys are awesome…






 

	        - tina b.	    





the staff have been amazing during our 3 1/2 years here. maintenance has always been fast, kind and thorough. the employees at the housing office are always very helpful and have the residents best interests at heart. we recently ran into an issue not related to housing and tonya went above and beyond her responsibilities to help us out. thank you for a pleasant experience!






 

	        - jennifer r.	    





beautiful property with really nice little parks for the kids to play.






 

	        - pal c.	    





we love living at the properties! they always have fun family events thru the year! management is always friendly and maintenance is amazing!! we will deffinttly miss living here and would highly recommend the properties to any military looking for housing.






 

	        - jessica l.	    





lived in base housing my whole life - this is the best place ever! retired here 7 years ago best decision ever! all management are here to help - kind, helpful, and courteous. maintenance is timely, professional, and the best at what they do! utilities around $70 per month for gas, electric, water, sewage, and garbage - beat that! call today.






 

	        - lee m.	    





i have been a resident at the properties at wright field for 7 and half years. their staff is always kind and goes out of their way. it's a safe place to live. the maintenance services are very good. it feels like a great community to be a part of. i would recommend living here to pretty much anyone. ~ beth w., resident






 

	        - alexandria w.	    





love the layouts, great backyards, lots of perks. the staff in the rental office are very courteous and work hard to help you feel right at home.






 

	        - lakishia s.	    





recently in early june 2019, there were some tornadoes in greater dayton which did some damages here at properties at wright field. the only visible damage to our place were a couple shingles damaged and paint from the woodwork of our coat closet was peeling away and a moldy smell within it. this was a result of the damaged shingled. within an hour or so, a repairman came to survey the damages and took photos of it. being that there were other more serious damages sustained throughout the properties, i didn't expect such a quick response, but anna is certainly on the ball! i e-mailed my kudos to all the office personnel at the properties at wright field to let them know how much i appreciated anna, the maintenance crews and the folks at the leasing office in particular, tonya patrick, anne heishman and michael dayton. they are all certainly a bunch who really cares about their tenants!






 

	        - dan e.	    





living in our 3rd home here at pwf. i love the activities they have for my 4 children, ranging from my 16 yr old to my 2 year old. the parks are being update and kept up, the skate park and pool as well as the dog park for my fur baby! husband enjoys the large garage space and sheds for tools and storage. they really have a lot to offer. management was so nice and listened to our concerns. for the money you could spend elsewhere around the area pwf is worth it.






 

	        - ashley s.	    





we moved into wright field as non-military and the staff were super accommodating when trying to find us a home. maintenance are super responsive which is wonderful! we love the floor plans and will be staying for a while :)






 

	        - shelby b.	    





we are soon to move out of our second home here and we have been here for three years. this company has worked above and beyond for my family and i. down to checking on my animals when they discovered one was very ill. very respectful company and couldn't ask for a better property manager.






 

	        - jessy	    





i lived here for 2.5 years. we had a 3 bedroom in the woods. it was nice and people were friendly. we never had any issues. we did have a small flood one time but they came right out and fixed the problem.






 

	        - melinda w.	    





i have lived in the properties at wright field 2.5 years now. i lived in the woods for 2 years several years ago as well. the service and maintenance on these properties is unsurpassed! i appreciate the respect provided to the tenants and all they do to keep the properties well maintained inside and out.






 

	        - lisa r.	    












news and events
view all >





feb 10th, 2025
2025 st. patrick's day scavenger hunt
st. patrick's day scavenger hunt
the properties at wright field

13 - 14 march

leprechauns have hidden st. patrick's day items throughout the woods and the prairies! find them and bring them to the leasing office...
read more >





feb 10th, 2025
2025 create  your own flower arrangements
create your own flower arrangements
at pwf leasing office

17 april
6:00-7:30pm

unleash your inner florist with us at the pwf leasing office! get ready for a fun-filled evening of creativity as we provide everything you...
read more >










current residents
culmen real estate services honors our residents and we are committed to providing an exceptional living experience.

explore our resident section to make maintenance requests, pay your utilities online, find energy saving tips, and much more.





					learn more				



















 




welcome center


5924 hickam drive
dayton, ohio 45431



p:937.253.6009, opt.4


f:937.253.6013


email:info@wpafbhomes.com



monday-friday: 9am - 6pm
saturday: by appointment only
*closed weekdays 12pm - 1pm




maintenance office


6931 chapel lane
dayton, ohio 45431



p:937.253.3488, opt.3


after hours emergency:937.253.3488, opt.0


email:maintenance@wpafbhomes.com



monday to friday: 8am - 5pm




self-help store


6931 chapel lane
dayton, ohio 45431



p:937.253.3488, opt. 7


email:store@wpafbhomes.com



tuesday to friday: 12pm - 6pm
saturday: 10am - 4pm






privacy policysitemap 















rentsync














