





jane hamill – increase revenue using content & email marketing.































































 skip to main contentjane hamillincrease revenue using content & email marketing.home
about

contact


programs
podcast
tips
login
main content
coaching & courses for  entrepreneurs who want more revenue  without advertising
	
your first step is the podcast
	
    take me to the podcast	  
what we offer
you want more traffic and sales without paying for it, right? our signature program, the club, teaches you exactly how to do it.


    learn more	  


	let's get started...









meet jane hamill


my goal is for every entrepreneur to make a living using their creativity while becoming business savvy – even if you hate sales and cringe at the idea of a marketing plan. i’m a former clothing designer and retailer and my work’s been featured on cnn, fox news, entrepreneur, wwd, npr, instyle, and more. my women’s line was sold to saks, bloomingdale’s, saks jandel, macy’s, and hundreds of specialty stores.
i ran a successful boutique and wholesale business for 14 years. i had showroom reps in 5 cities and i know what it’s like to run a business – day in and day out. i made a lot of mistakes along the way. i’d like to save entrepreneurs trouble, time, and money. and be the “road map” for a profitable business – the road map i never had but wished i did.
i was 25 when i designed my first jane hamill line and opened my boutique in chicago. there was a lot i didn’t know about running a business, i mean a lot, like buckets. i learned the hard way – through trial and error, long hours, dedication, and a little luck.
it wasn’t an easy process but it did work. i ran both businesses (wholesaling my women’s line and the retail shop) for many years until i sold them in 2007 – 2 kids and 14 years later! i made a nice living using my creativity and that’s exactly what i want for you.
programs
sign in
contact
privacy policy

copyright © 2025 · by jane hamill · all rights reserved · jane@janehamill.com · 312-715-8301 ·privacy policy
website design by her online brand 



turn email subscribers into buyers >>   
+













