
















summer ventures in science & mathematics | appalachian state university
























skip to main content












search terms



search












summer ventures in science & mathematics



toggle navigation















about
2025 program
academics
admissions
campus life
staff





















      2025 program    



2025 program application is open at cfnc.org. applications are due on january 5, 2025.
information will be emailed to those who have accepted their invitation by the second week of april. the majority of correspondence will be via email, so we ask that you read carefully.
research course descriptions can be found under the academics page. students will receive a link to complete a google form to rank their choices.
 











      about    



summer ventures in science & mathematics is a cost-free enrichment program for academically motivated high school students potentially interested in a career in science or mathematics. svsm provides participants resident experiences on university campuses during the summer.
 
read more about 
 








      academics    



the appstate curriculum is designed to give you a powerful enrichment experience in science and mathematics. you will actively pursue an independent project and write a research paper, which you will present at the end of the program. your professors will work closely with you on your project and will guide you in the preparation of your paper. 
read more
 


















 






support the reich college of education







support the reich college of education
preparing quality educators is a cornerstone of appalachian’s past, present and future. when it comes to education, the state and region look first to appalachian for innovative instruction, faculty excellence and student success.
give now 





 

 







contact
summer ventures in science & mathematicslori tylerprogram director506-c, college of education151 college streetappalachian state universityboone, nc 28608phone: 828-262-6369email us


links
 home
 disclaimer
 eo policy
 accessibility
 privacy policy
 login












website manager: tylerle (saylorsrw)
copyright 2025 appalachian state university. all rights reserved.







