



cybercoders recruiting | find jobs and recruiters near me
















































jobs


employers


our team


insights




login


sign up








find jobs near me


 



search


 

11,986 full-time and remote jobs in every industry
cybercoders is hiring! join our team.



cybercoders





 



sign up


login


jobs


for employers


our team


resources


home









 get exclusive access to the latest job opportunities get the compensation and benefits you deserve receive updates when relevant job opportunities match your background  

job market guide
key trends that impact hiring


view now






unrivaled recruiting technologyfind relevant jobs within seconds using our proprietary intellisearch.a true matchour recruiters will find you exciting job opportunities with the compensation, benefits, career growth and company culture you always wanted.faster. smarter. better.qualified candidates get interviewed within 5 days on average.
find me a job
find me a candidate
*based on average time from job post to interview







what people are saying about our team:



mike vandenbergh
63 job openings

"mike was instrumental in helping me find the perfect job. he understood my skill sets and what i was looking for in my next job. he clearly articulated what was expected during the hiring process and enabled me to be as prepared as possible. mike was easy to reach and kept in constant contact with me. he also provided key feedback. mike was great to work with and i would be happy to work with him again!"
thane k, principal firmware engineer




ojan sobhanpanah
11 job openings

"working with ojan sobhanpanah was a standout experience from start to finish. ojan isn't just a recruiter; he's a career advocate who genuinely cares about aligning candidate skills and aspirations with the right opportunities.

i highly recommend ojan sobhanpanah to anyone looking for a recruiter who combines professionalism with a personal touch. his ability to manage the recruitment process effectively, coupled with his keen attention to detail and negotiation skills, makes him an ideal partner for any job seeker. working with ojan isn't just about finding a job—it's about advancing your career."
kenneth g, full stack developer




edwin ocampo
31 job openings

"edwin promptly contacted me after i applied to a job on www.cybercoders.com. after that job didn’t turn out to be the one, edwin would contact me whenever an opportunity arose, always determined to find the right one. due to his personable nature i continued applying to jobs through him until we recently found the right position. he assisted me in the entire interview process, shared invaluable company feedback, and in the end got me the exact job for my skill set, as well as negotiated a competitive salary for me. if i ever find myself in need of work, he’s the first person i would call."
nichelle f, lead ui/ux specialist



upgrade your career
search and apply today. your future awaits.



sign up now





















follow us
























browse jobs
browse skills
browse locations
employers
our team
about us
contact us
careers
resources



                  copyright © 1999 - 2025. cybercoders, inc. all rights reserved.
                  terms of use
privacy policy

cookie settings

candidate security & phishing


                    cybercoders is an equal employment opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, status as a crime victim, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. cybercoders will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local law, including but not limited to the los angeles county fair chance ordinance, the san francisco fair chance ordinance, and the california fair chance act. cybercoders is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. if you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please contact a member of our human resources team to make arrangements.
                











upgrade your career
submit your application
take the next step towards applying for the  position
login to cybercoders
login using existing account
personalized job alerts
your resume unlocks job alerts and smart features
10 applies with 1 click
your resume unlocks quick apply and smart features




upload your resume





browse









must be 8 characters long and use letters and numbers.


remember me




already have an account? login.

forgot password?
don't have an account? sign up.




i agree to receive text messages from cybercoders about jobs which may be of interest to me.


        by submitting your information, you consent to our sharing of your information with our clients and affiliates to support you in finding a job and to send you emails and text messages about jobs you may be interested in and other promotional emails. california applicants, please see california applicant privacy policy for more information.
    







✖















