










































    
    home
  
  















                  member login  
  |    
join


 

 

     

 

 

 

 

 










    




       home



  who we are


   about the chamber



  board of directors



  chamber staff



  monroe county youth ambassadors



  monroe county leadership now!



  business of the month



  chamber gift certificate



  contact us



  faq's


   major industries







  membership directory



  members


   join the chamber



  member login



  chamber benefits



  marketing opportunities



  business resources


   business resources



  workforce resources



  professional development workshops



  business catalogs





  member's area


   coupons



  member support



  the chamber welcome center



  advertising value







  events


   calendar of events



  submit an event



  summer movie night series



  monroe county rodeo


   rodeo sponsors





  monroeville market



  taste of monroeville



  monroeville christmas parade


   christmas extras





  chamber membership celebration





  explore  monroe county


   living here



  brochures & maps



  directory of elected officials



  meeting facilities/ event centers



  school systems



  visit monroeville



  visit monroeville al. website





  latest news & updates



  to kill a mockingbird play information



  collette chamber trip to italy 2026











    
 





        monroeville/monroe county
 
  chamber of commerce
  shop, live, play, stay, monroe county
 




       

  visit monroeville
  

button




  

  join the chamber
title or short description
  

button




  

  who we are
  

button




  

  chamber news
  

button




  

  find a member
  

button






  

  chamber events
title or short description   

click here








    the mission of the monroeville/monroe county chamber of commerce is to

welcome visitors, promote the business community, and work to improve the quality of life for the citizens of monroe county.





    mark your calendar





     





  


   



   
    


  







    chamber news


     

    blue door & co, ribbon cutting


 by kelly joyner
•
march 11, 2024

blue door & co. now open

 




   

    dance with my divine now open


 by penelope hines
•
august 23, 2023

dance with my divine now open

 




   

    july small business of the month: alabama ag credit


 by kayla bowen
•
july 14, 2023

congratulations to alabama ag credit for receiving small business of the month for july. visit branch manager, morgan hutcherson, and his team for all your agriculture lending needs at 87 n. mt. pleasant ave on the downtown square or give them a call at (251) 743-2865.

 




   

    ribbon cutting: raw replenish


 by kayla bowen
•
june 12, 2023

the chamber recently held a ribbon cutting for raw replenish.  located directly behind cobbwebs on the downtown square, raw replenish provides smoothies, smoothie bowls, cold press juices, salads, and much more. owner, addi cobb is proud to announce that raw replenish is the first out of state location right here in monroeville! for more information please call (251) 714-0426 or visit www.rawreplenish.com or stop by their location at 73 n. mt. pleasant avenue to get something nutritious and ﻿refreshing for the day!
﻿business hours: monday - friday (8am-6pm) saturdays (9am-3pm)

 




   

    june small business of the month: a&m pawn


 by kayla bowen
•
june 7, 2023

the chamber would like to congratulate june small business of the month a&m pawn, llc. a&m pawn shop, llc is a locally owned and operated pawn shop located at 1345 south alabama avenue in monroeville. owners, mitchell hudson and anderson hudson, are very proud to say they recently celebrated 40 years in business!! their services include a great selection on new and used guns, ammo, fishing poles, bows, chain saws, standard and electric tools, devices, and equipment. they offer loans on items of value as well. for more information please call 251-575-2756 or stop by today!

business hours:
monday-friday - 8am-6pm 
saturdays - 8am-2pm

 




   

    ribbon cutting: glow therapy clothing


 by kayla bowen
•
june 7, 2023

the chamber recently held a ribbon cutting for the grand opening of new business glow therapy clothing. glow therapy clothing is a women's clothing boutique located just seconds from the downtown historic square at 68 south alabama avenue. the boutique offers a wide selection of clothing items and much more! owner, amanda winters, is proud to be now open and serving monroe county. for more information please call (251) 593-2345 or stop by during business hours tuesday-friday 11:00am-5:30pm.

 




   

    ribbon cutting: ikner's bait & tackle


 by kayla bowen
•
may 24, 2023

the chamber recently held a ribbon cutting for ikner's bait & tackle. ikner's bait and tackle is conveniently located at 1197 highway 84 east in monroeville. they are located in the former j.j.'s bait and tackle store and is now owned by tammy ikner. the store offers bait and tackle, propane, snacks, and much more! for more information please call (251) 765-fish. business hours are 
monday -thursday (5:30am-6:00pm) friday & saturday - (5:30am-7:00pm).

 




   

    may small business of the month: hunters run bar & grill


 by kayla bowen
•
may 11, 2023

the chamber would like to congratulate small business of the month for may, hunter's run bar & grill.
hunter's run is a full service restaurant and bar on the downtown square. they offer a wide selection of foods from steak and crab claws to burgers and chicken tenders. they also offer catering services for events upon request. regular business hours are lunch and dinner tuesday-friday and saturday open for only dinner.  for more information please call the restaurant at 251-305-4125 or stop by their beautiful location!

 





 show more






    


 business catalog click to view members' catalogs and learn about the services and products that they offer from their businesses. 
text to
866-866-5545 the word
monroeville for organization's app of apps to receive more information.   

the chamber welcome center




   








          quick links!

membership applicationmember loginmembership directoryevent calendarmeet the staffchamber benefitsbusiness resourcesliving in monroe county



    


   © 2025 
all rights reserved | monroeville / monroe county chamber of commerce



 privacy & terms




     get in touch!

  

call us

  

email us

  

find us

you can also find us here:
    

 

 

 





  stay connected!

 


  

join today!

 subscribe to newsletters
   email:




thank you for contacting us.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.






















































































































  
  share by:








