




i don't believe it — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































conceited_jerk
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














conceited_jerk







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            i don't believe it
        

            prove it to me and i still won't believe it
        




august 2006 12345
6789101112
13141516171819
20212223242526
2728293031






01 august 2006 @ 06:34 pm
i spose this is what i'm sposed to do with this....  




1. forbidden 
2. high tower 
3. disguised 
4. ugly duckling
5. poisoned 


6. masquerade 
7. result of lies 
8. spinning gold 
9. run away 
10. sun and moon 


11. leave a trail 
12. transformation
13. secret ally 
14. strangers 
15. firebird 


16. drops of blood 
17. a little fire 
18. wishes 
19. nightingale's song 
20. fairies 


21. water lily 
22. freedom 
23. games of love 
24. house of cards
25. greed 


26. climb to riches 
27. concsience 
28. beauty 
29. test of honesty
0. witch's trap 


31. more beautiful than the sun
32. golden ball
33. forbidden passage
34. restored to life
35. protect my home


36. dragon's riddle
37. came by like the wind
38. faithful
39. little peasant
40. briar rose


41. rich and poor
42. juniper
43. white dove
44. sorcery
45. cage and flower


46. perish
47. in time
48. another world
49. garden
50. contest

so yea, there it is.   
current location: roomcurrent mood: bouncycurrent music: ayumi -^_^-
 
2 comments | leave a comment




 


27 july 2006 @ 03:40 pm
bored  


tell me about yourself - the surveyname:(saint) emmie.birthday:july 24th.birthplace:antigua, guatemala.current location:my room. it was recently blown to oz during a tornado...eye color:depends. usually brown though. hair color:light brown currently. soon to be black.height:about five foot three depending on who's measuring.right handed or left handed:both.your heritage:everything. french. italian. guatemalan (mayan indian). greek. irish.the shoes you wore today:black and white striped flats.your weakness:i eat too much.your fears:i'm not really afraid of anything.your perfect pizza:no sauce. thick crust. spinach. ricotta and mozarella cheese.goal you would like to achieve this year:lose weight. expand wardrobe.your most overused phrase on an instant messenger:xdthoughts first waking up:what time is it?your best physical feature:...my nose and eyes are okay, and my ears are pretty normal.your bedtime:a story would be great.your most missed memory:one i've mostly forgotten.pepsi or coke:i dont drink soda.macdonalds or burger king:mcdonalds. but not to eat. only because every dollar that goes into that store ends up in my pocket.single or group dates:depends on who i'm with.lipton ice tea or nestea:no thanks.chocolate or vanilla:chocolate candies and vanilla ice cream.cappuccino or coffee:coffee. black with six sugars.do you smoke:not really.do you swear:all the fucking time.do you sing:yes, though rather painfully.do you shower daily:twice daily thank you.have you been in love:dont believe in love.do you want to go to college:yes, most certainly.do you want to get married:not really, though i'd love to have a wedding/reception.do you belive in yourself:on occassion.do you get motion sickness:never.do you think you are attractive:no.are you a health freak:slightly.do you get along with your parents:almost always. i think i relate to my mum because the children drive us both insane.do you like thunderstorms:love them.do you play an instrument:guitar. saxaphone (alto, and only for about 2 years). keyboard.in the past month have you drank alcohol:prolly. ::thinks:: yea.in the past month have you smoked:no.in the past month have you been on drugs:no.in the past month have you gone on a date:no.in the past month have you gone to a mall:yea.in the past month have you eaten a box of oreos:...that sounds so gross.in the past month have you eaten sushi:yes!in the past month have you been on stage:no.in the past month have you been dumped:no.in the past month have you gone skinny dipping:no.in the past month have you stolen anything:prolly.ever been drunk:yes.ever been called a tease:prolly.ever been beaten up:nope.ever shoplifted:prolly.how do you want to die:young. and i want a spectacular funeral. and it would be cool if i died in a really odd way.what do you want to be when you grow up:i wanna get into the film industry. advertising or some such nonsense. though my dream is to own a night club...what country would you most like to visit:(countries) germany, japan, india, egypt, antarctica, iceland, thailand, vietnam, new zeland.in a boy/girl..favourite eye color:blue probably.favourite hair color:anything, though the wilder the better.short or long hair:depends on their face.height:anywhere from a bit taller than me to really tall.weight:no one that will make me feel uncomfortable about my own weight, and no one obese.best clothing style:something that looks good on them. once again, the wilder the better.number of drugs i have taken:dunno.number of cds i own:too many.number of piercings:two.number of tattoos:none (yet). i have a plan for four.number of things in my past i regret:i dont remember.create your own! - or - get paid to take surveys!   
current location: roomcurrent mood: boredcurrent music: dresden dolls
 
leave a comment




 


 



10 july 2006 @ 03:22 pm
captain's log -summer travel #3- michigan  


day twowake up at like 8:30, simply because i cannot sleep anymore. i had some dreams that, while good, mae me question my (apparently not-so-hetro-) sexuality.oh well, if i ever give up boys, it'll be one less thing for my dad to worry about.i make breafast. we have french toast with maple syrup and strawbettires and eggs on taost (miyazaki style!)huzzah.because kitchen duty is not my favourite, i leave the work to the women folkj (i.e. my dad) and go outside.blinding light. still in my pyjamas i wander around the yard aimlessly trying to find a place where i can assess my surroundings withough the sun glaring at me.upon not finding such a place, i go back inside and decide to shave my legs (yes, you read that right, shave my legs. something i do when bored)whlest sitting on the edge of the bathtub, i realize that i have a minor obsession with the adams family.nothing too serious, i simply noticed that no matter what i'm doing, morticia, pugsly, fester, gomez and wednesday are always traipsing about in my mind.i find myself wondering why the hell the movies were all about uncle fester.i'll save you the bother of reading about my thoughts which are mostly random and...yea...i get dressed, brush teeth, blah blah blah, and go out onto the hammock to read 'the long dark teatime of the soul' and waste most of my morning.the children swim in the lake and i dont because it is freezing.it's called lake burt.when i heard that my word association head person stepped in and this was the though process:lake burt->burt->bert->bert and ernie.is there a lake ernie around here? (no)are there ducks in this lake? (yes, but not rubber ones)off to "downtown" petoskey, which is a good 40 minute drive, and is about 4 blocks x 4 blocks.lunch, hurray. grilled cheese and sanpelligrino limonata.to be continued...   
current location: net cafecurrent mood: relaxedcurrent music: bad music
 
5 comments | leave a comment




 


10 july 2006 @ 02:59 pm
captain's log -summer travel #3- michigan  


day onethe first day of traveling always sucks.up at 5, we stumble into the car and whine about things we a) have forgotten b) havent packed enough of c) havent eaten.sleep on the car ride to the airport is not an option.the airport is, as always is, generally unpleasant. the crew (familia), already tired from late-nite packing and a hectic morning, is irratable and likely to bite your head off.we stumble through the airport, we've been through so many airports so many times before that this one is just another big ugly blur.nothing to eat.board plane.sleep in uncomfortable positions and awake sore and in detroit.airport.blah blah blah...2 hour wait before we acquire our rent-a-car (which is like a small bus, except for more cramped)thank goodness for word association games. hungry, but on our way, we stop at a mcdonalds.the first fast food i've had in over 10 months.the restaurant (?) is packed, smelly, workers are slow and get orders all wrong. we discover that the smell is coming (no joke, you can ask my mother) from an old man who has, as my youngest sister so eloquently put it, "made dumps in his pants."sickening. my mum waits in the car. (she has a weak stomach)"welcome to michigan"time for our 5 hour car drive in a cramped van to our lake house.the first 3 hours are filled with my brothers and my raucous singing as we switch headphones from one ipod to the other, listening to classics such as bohemian raphsody, changes, ballroom blitz, and the entirety of the st. pepper's album (to name a few...)mum loses it somewhere between thte first round of the chorus and second verse of sex pistols' "anarchy in the u.k."no more singing.jeremy falls asleep. i finish "the heart is deceitful above all things" and adore every word (thank you jenny ko!)i feel sick and my stomach churns, full of unwanted grease and faux fried potatoes.thank you canada dry...more word association games. we get lost, drive through hick ville hoping we're lost (and making rude comments which make mum cover her smile to keep up appearances) and finally discover our house on the bank of lake something or other in what seems to be the farthest corner from most civilized society.first impression of the house: quaint.upon second glance: interior decoration was placed in the hands of one l.i. wilder back when porcelain chickens were all the rage.further exploration: evern seen "secret window" ?final conclusion: i love it here.i can deal with horrible interior design. there is a hammock, a large back porch, a pier/dock thing, a croquet set, a piano, numerous game closets and an evil dog living next door.this house is "boxcar children" worther.the lake is freezing, the deck is falling apart and the grass is real grass.my brother and i make a documentary about a pirate (i star)weather was gray upon arrival. now (aprx. 8:15 pm) it is gorgeous.lazy white clouds, blue sky, clear water lapping at the bank.the works.i'm out on the hammock generally enjoying life.jeremy's being a bother, so i'm going to find something to eat.(con't)after dinner, the pirate's truce was interrupted by a rather vicious war involving all children, hoses, croquet mallets and very cold well water.needless to say, i emerge from this battle cold, soaked, and generally pissed at jeremy.the truce was off.at around 9:30, now in dry clothes (but still irritable) we head into one of the nearby towns, the closest of which is 20 min away, in search of ice cream.and oh did we find ice cream.one of those great little family owned shoppes that's been in buisness since the 1880s. so yea, these guys know their shit.it's also a confectionary.oh. my. god.i had a strawberry shake. soooo good!we wend home, happy and whatnot and fell asleep (it was like 11 and we'd all been up since 5 and had traveled too much to enjoy staying awake much longer)end day one   
current location: some random internet cafecurrent mood: relaxedcurrent music: cafe music (bad)
 
leave a comment




 


 



23 march 2006 @ 07:47 pm
rockin rockin usa...  


hallohavent updated this thing in forever.i swear my livejournal is so dead it's been reincarnated as my myspace um, stuff, tablets are amazing (for photoshop) and i wish i was back at school so i could use/abuse the one in ms. miles' room.ah, actually, upon second thought, i wish i had a nice tablet of my own*sigh*has spring break always been so...blah? like, after mel and jenny ko left, i just kind of sat down and felt all 'well...now what?'ae was pretty uneventful, saw a handful of people, cool magazine, stuff, you knowoh yes! i am determined to do a piece on the tablet of erin as a kappa because she is utterly darling ::less than three::( a few pictures or so of the chino and myselfcollapse )i dunno, i'm just kind of bored and babysitting...i figure i'll just sit them down in front of "howl's moving castle" for the bazillionth time in the past 3 days and tell them to shut up.oh right, and because i know none of you out there in the interweb care in the least, i just wanted to make it totally clear that i'm postingno photos of myself in the sakura cosplay because i feel i look ridiculousthe endenjoy your lives!   
current mood: 2-4-6-8 motorwaycurrent music: no thanks! 70s punk rock rebellion, disc 3
 
4 comments | leave a comment




 


 



30 december 2005 @ 02:02 pm
cafe no se  


hulloso, in the past few days (since monday i mean) i have read anansi boys (gaiman), neverwhere (gaiman again), and the book of imaginary beings (jorge luis borges).i´ve kind of just been reading.a lotbut i like it better that wayi´ve also been shopping, much fun. there was this amazing indian shop (indian from india i mean) with awesome ethnic clothes and jewelry. um, really good smelling inscence...so i bought some, and a necklace with ganesha (elephant god = much love). going back later on (with money) to get a shirt i think.a really swanky shop called ¨shoga¨ which is more or less the most expensive store in antigua. got a shirt there, going back. fun fun funmy cousin´s getting married today. helped her with stuff, now i´m killing time.my head hurts from reading so much.um....?i´ve been eating a lot, a really good restaurants. like ´la fonda´ and ´fridas´and ´cenicientas´i have, thus, gained rather a lot of weight. i thinkreading? oh right, yea, said that...umbrain hurts.i think i wanna write a book. about mirrors. my bed is next to one. i think it makes my eyes change color. i like books. what would it be like on the other side of the mirror? um...or maybe about this doll boy, i all ready kind of wrote about him. maybe i´ll post it laterstuff laterbig party tonight, wedding.something is wrong with my brain?oh dear, the keyboard is chewing on my fingers...baka green i sauntering vaguely off...maybe limited seating and dancing feet   
current mood: bouncycurrent music: some movie with mathew broderick (sp?)
 
7 comments | leave a comment




 


 



27 december 2005 @ 05:46 pm
hoy en antigua,guatemala  


as we continue with our story, we see our hero trudging through the dusty cobblestone streets of an ancient city, the hot sun bearing down upon his head, sweat trickling slowly down his back. (scene exit to night-time, same street) suddenly, under the pale yellow light of a lamp post, it happens. the vampire ninja bunnies attack--...well, not exactly.hiyas howdy all!woot, so yesterday was a normal, grueling day of travel (4 1/2 hours to miami, 3 hours in the airport, 2 1/2 hours on the plane, 1 hour in the parking lot of the guatemala city airport, and about 45 minutes to my abuela amalia's house in antigua)so, it's all totally worth itwe're staying (as usual) in our tio tawy's house (weee i gets my own room!) it's beautiful and nice and very guatemalan...hehehei'm totally enjoying myself hereit's so excellent to be back (party on dudes...)woke up after the best sleep i've had in a long while, had breakfast, and went on the terrible quest of taking a shower...i'm not even kiddingthe plumbing here is waaaay screwed up (always has been, and, i assume, always will be) the upstairs shower (only showers here, no baths, i'm cool with that) has no hot water what-so-ever and the downstairs shower is only hot water. i dont mean warm water, or pleasantly steamy, i mean scaldingly hot. so you have to take a shower (i found) in a very peculiar way consisting of maybe twelve quick series of on and off so you dont burn three layers of flesh offahhhhkay, the end of that part of my daygot dressed ect./etc./idontcare. and headed over to my abue's house. oooh! i'm reading anansi boys, which is neil gaiman and tres amazing. so i read for a bit while my parents ate and my siblings/cousins proceeded to blow up the street. seriously, they're all fucking pyros! it's amazingheaded off to buy candies, came back, people were gone so we went to the park, found the people. dad took the kids to pollo campero (ask me about it later, very odd fast food) and me mum took me off to shop..he he hevery cool and swanky shops, but i swear antigua is such a tourist trap (more than it used to be) but it's the kind of trap that you get caught in and say 'oh, well, that's all right then' much fun much fun, mum and i had lunch at this place, cenicienta (cinderella) which is this bodacious (too much bill and ted/wayne's world, please forgive)cake and pastry place with way excellent cappuchinos and this kind of cake fresa con crema (strawberry and cream) which is sooooo delicious!! i had cake for lunchwent back to abue's, my cousins are back from their volcano climbing/camping experience (damn, i could've gone if i had come one day earlier!) but they're all at the park, so i dragged ana (younger-ish cousin) to a 'net cafe and used up lots of money on wasted internet time.i kind of just realized that i only really update this thing while i'm traveling. good thing i travel a lot.later, or, mas tarde or some other such retarded spanish phrase-ology.baka green is blasting off again!oh yea, by the by, i have not idea what the hell that thing was about 'our hero' at the beginning, for while this is a (kind of) ancient city, and there is lots of dust and the streets are made of cobblestones...um, i dunno, all the sugar got to me or something. and it's not that hot.kind of chilly actually, i'm wearing a sweater....and no bunnies to speak ofor ninjas...cant say anything about those vampires though...   
current mood: apatheticcurrent music: ana says that 'the gay people are singing' on someone's tv
 
2 comments | leave a comment




 


21 december 2005 @ 06:47 pm
utterly pointless  


the following comic was found at http://www.chamberofkeys.com/dwmain.htm, the artist, kristin bergh, is pretty cool, go check her stuff outi rather have to agree with them, casting was not the greatest for poa, actually, it was probably the worst of the 4 films......yeaa--edit--if you google richard simmons (supposing you know not who he is, that aerobic freak...) you will utterly understand that look of horror on moony's face in the last panel   
current mood: apathetic
 
5 comments | leave a comment




 


 



30 november 2005 @ 05:03 pm
more time-wasting - itunes meme  


ask itunes and it will answer. not always coherently, but it will answer.set your itunes to shuffle. use each song that comes up, in order, to answer the following questions...question: what do you think of me, itunes? the fool on the hill (the beatles)...that's just not fair...question: will i have a happy life? seven days (bad luck)like in the ring? i mean, the song's happy...but..ne? question: what do my friends really think of me? dumbledore's army (harry and the potters)woohoo, so everyone thinks i'm an obsessive freak nerd girl...yesh! and i dont care what the ministry tells us..question: do people secretly lust after me? dearest love (l'arc~en~ciel)...so yes? *mutters "stupid itunes"*question: what should i do with my life? magical mystery tour (the beatles)right on! do drugs, okayquestion: why must life be so full of pain? nocturnal opera (moi dix mois)okay, so the music fits the question...but, erm, i cant understand what juka's sayin...watashi no speak-u japanese...question: how can i maximize my pleasure during sex? whatever (ayumi hamasaki)perfect response...question: will i ever have children? platform 9 3/4 (harry and the potters)dude! i'm gonna have wizard childers!question: will i die happy? lies and truth "true mix" (l'arc~en~ciel)so i'm guess that's a yes...or a true? ::is becoming slightly confused::question: can you give me some advice? grip (every little thing)you're saying i need to get a grip? gee thanks itunes...question: what do you think happiness is? sweet transvestite (rocky horror st)xdi totally dig that answerquestion: what's my favorite fetish? dead man's party (oingo boingo)... okay, so dead people turn me on...righteousquestion: am i complete freak? sure (every litlle thing)*blink**blink*wowenough of all of that stupid-ness and time for a news flashread 'american gods' nowi just finished rereading it, and i swear it was totally even more amazing than i remember it being, which is kick-assthe endbaka green is blasting off again   
current mood: apatheticcurrent music: jcc mix that i made for carnival..
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


26 november 2005 @ 07:33 pm
now only at 'toys r us'...  


there was no singing this morningthe falling snow seemed to muffle everything, leaving much room for private thoughtso today was my last day skiing..-__-we woke up early (7:30-ish) and were out of the house by 8 o'clock. it was the coldest day of the year so far, the early morning sky was an ominous shade of pale gray, the bleak white and brown landscape that i could see from the car window was distorted by a light snow.i hadnt thought the snow would be too bad for skiing (it usually makes it better) but the moment we arrived at the resort and had gotten to the lift, the snow started to really fallit's amazing how such tiny pinpricks of frozen water can sting so terribly. by the time we had gotten to the top of the mountain, there was a fresh layer of snow covering everything.since we were there so early (the lifts usually open around 8:30 on saturday and we were at the first lift at 8:50-ish) the first run down was quick and sort of odd...i dunno exactly why i found it so odd. maybe it was that there was no one aside from our group skiing down, or maybe it was that our ski today was more about function than form. that is, we were all more worried about keeping sight of the person in front of us rather than keeping our skiis parallel.the second run was much the same, except for we actually saw traces of other human beings.on the last road or path or whatever on the way to spruce saddle (the mountain restaurant), chalky (instructor if you missed the past few entries) was skiing backwards in order to watch my cousin (betia or beata bellatrix for those of you who know her, la conoces..) try out some turns on a new path thing. there was a rock in the path. chalky hit the rock, going backwards and flipped over.thank bowie the path/slope wasnt black diamond...the group stopped all around him until another instructor person came over. he ended up being more or less okay, but it was still scary.so we went in for hot chocolate.i had coffee and an orangethen we went outside again for the last two runs of the morning before meeting my dad at spruce saddle and saying goodbye to chalky. we took pictures and he told us to try and book him next time we're up herehe's awesomeoh yes, by the way, on the last run with chalky we actually did sing. well, i sang...the gravitation opening theme song (parts of it..) and some david bowie (bits and pieces of everything on 'best of bowie'). but as a group i mean, we all sang "help" which is funhelp, i need somebody, help, not just anybody, help, i need someone heeeeeeeeeeeeelllllpppppp!oh yes, snazzyafter lunch beata and i met up with my granpa (yes, granpa, not grandpa) chris (17-year-old uncle, i have an interesting family situation) and mac (a cousin of sorts) to do a final runwe went soo fast and thank bowie for it because by the time we got to the lift to go down, the snow swirling so terribly you could barely see eight feet in front of youthe roads were icy on the way home and going up the mountain to our house our giant bus of a car (a mystery machine type thing that seats 11) started sliding backwards. we couldnt move and my granpa's car slid even worse when he was coming down to help us and then there were 2 more cars that got stuck on the same roadso all the kids hiked about half a mile up to the housedoes anyone aside from me remember that scene in 101 dalmations when all of the puppies are walking through the cold and looking miserable? everyone aside from me was like that. i was all gung ho and 'hey, what a great day for a hike in freezing weather and ski boots that are so uncomfortable i cant feel my toes!'...ehehgot home, jeremy and chloe made a snowman house of horrors (i'll post the two or three pictures i took later) and i lazed around with katie and chriswe played a few games and then went to play with erin (16 months, next door, our cousin) i accompanied myself on the guitar while singing 'i am a wizard' and she did this funny little child dance which utterly amused everyoneand now everyone else is downstairs watching 'charlie and the chocolate factory'i rather think i'll join them now...oh wait! thanksgiving ended well, lots of games and really super excellent food. friday i had an afternoon lesson with chalky which was tres fun and i went home, ate leftovers and played more games before going to sleep.also, my irish people left early this morning (5-ish or so they had said they would last night) and i was rather upset.my irish aunt woman was really great and we spoke at great lengths of how great david bowie is and how america is one big cultokay, i'm going for real nowi've already missed half the movie..-___-baka green is blasting off again!   
current mood: contemplativecurrent music: charlie and the chocolate factory downstairs
 
5 comments | leave a comment




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























