dan's lighthouse page






 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close



the above ads are provided by my web hosting 
service and are not endorsed or promoted by me.

dedicated to those who keep the lights

coil your ropes & anchor here'til better weather doth appear.

welcome aboard! 
as a former member of the 
u.s. coast guard, i am very familiar with the importance of lighthouses & other forms of 
navigational aids; and as a collector, i am fascinated with their majestic beauty. my office is 
cluttered with statues, paintings, stamps & photos of various lighthouses. i even plan my 
vacations so that i can visit lighthouses that i have not seen in person. i was a member of the 
harbour lights collectors society, 
and most of my "collectibles" are from the lefton's historic american lighthouse collection & the 
american lighthouse collection by lenox.

o send out thy light and thy truth: let them lead me;     
   psalms 43:3


about lighthouses
the basics on lighthouses and aids to navigation.
lighthouse history
how lighthouses first came about in ancient egypt.
lighthouse humor
a casualty of automation.
lighthouse icons
lighthouse icons for use on your computer.
lighthouse license plates
u.s. license plates with lighthouses on them.
lighthouse poetry
various poems about lighthouses.
lighthouse webcams
lighthouse webcams from all over the world.
my lighthouse photos
our photos from around the united states.
other lighthouse links
lots of lighthouse related links!
u.s. lighthouses
a list of all the lighthouses in the united states.
webrings and awards
lighthouse webrings & awards that i have won.




some words of warning
if you enjoy walking out to a lighthouse at the end of a pier or a breakwater, please be careful. when waves wash 
over these structures, especially during high winds and storms, they become extremely dangerous, especially for 
children. please use good judgement and caution when visiting these types of lights.

and about courtesy
some lighthouses are located on private property and are even used as private residences. please be 
considerate and respect the rights of their owners. view them only from public land or from the water.







we have had approximately 118635 visitors!

if you like this site, please vote for it here.



back to dan'shome page


thanks forvisiting this site!

dan's lighthouse page
http://danslight.faithweb.com
this web site created and maintained by 
dan paschal & jdp computer systems.
© copyright july, 1997. all rights reserved.







