





 



alyson's orchard wedding & event facility - walpole, nh



































































		skip to content









call us: (603) 756-9800
 












 













farm storeweddingsbridal suitelodgingorchard tavernthings to do and upcoming eventscontact us 





 







 













main menu

 









farm storeweddingsbridal suitelodgingorchard tavernthings to do and upcoming eventscontact us 











welcome to alyson’s orchard
350 acre apple orchardacclaimed wedding & special event facilities




march 23rd, 2025 alyson’s orchard is holding its annual bridal show. tickets can be purchased here https://ticketelf.com/events/2025-bridal-showcase-at-alysons-orchard?_
farm store is closed for the season
alyson’s orchard is a unique, 350 acre working orchard and year-round wedding and event facility in the heart of historic new england.  come experience country elegance as you host your destination wedding, family reunion, corporate retreat or other special event in our post and beam reception hall or out-of-doors surrounded by alyson’s rolling lawns capped by breathtaking views of the connecticut river valley. our striking landscape beneath blue skies provides an ideal setting for romantic days that fade into grand sunsets!
for those looking for an active family vacation, planning a once-in-a-lifetime event or seeking an extended stay in new hampshire’s beautiful monadnock region, alyson’s offers charming lodging accommodations in either our restored 1860’s farmhouse or rustic lodge. in addition to strolling our endless grounds, you can swim or fish in one of alyson’s ponds during the summer months.










close to the picturesque town of walpole and easily accessible from regional centers boston, manchester and hartford, you’ll find alyson’s orchard offers the hospitality and service you need to make your event or visit a happy and successful one.  you can rely on our experience and enthusiasm to make you and your guests welcome and to help you create a lasting memory.
chosen as one of the 12 top orchards in the u.s. by travel and leisure, alyson’s has also been featured in yankee magazine, new hampshire bride magazine, and well wed in maine and new hampshire. alyson’s has been chosen numerous times for the “best of” by new hampshire magazine, as well as a “best of the knot” wedding venue and the wedding wire couples choice award for 2016, 2017 & 2018.






 



premier weddings and events
a true new england atmosphere
contact us for weddings, events, corporate gatherings, fundraisers, catering and more.

contact us









copyright © 2025 alyson's orchard
 



57 alyson’s lane walpole, nh 03608
 



 








scroll to top













 

