






siamorama: john c. goss, american artist, author, photographer, designer, performer, activist









s i a m o r a m a



artworks by john goss
instagram
photography
exhibitions
filmography/videography
performance art and installation works
commercial design
writing
october craft daddy
biography
press
jg at facebook

i was a teenage sketchbook
niki+john




publications:






		"asian home cookbook and interior design showcase in a handsome magazine format. take a tour of craft daddy and smiley niki's asian modern condo high above the streets of bangkok and try your hand a 15 delicious regional recipes from our colorful kitchen. first printing, june, 2023. first edition, jun, 2023"
click here to order asian home





		"col candy corn's unliving magazine collection of 13 spooky illustrations, 13 new ghostly short stories and poems for halloween by 13 of america's undead southern california writers and artists. first edition, oct, 2018"
click here to order unliving





		"encyclopedic in scope, very thai is an unapologetic celebration of both the exotic and the everyday." -- time magazine.


		"...a brilliant book-length photo-essay on thai popular culture." -- donald richie, the japan times

"answers and insights aplenty in this erudite,sumptuously photographed guide..."-- rough guide to thailand.
"a thrilling, trail-blazing book of cultural history...very thai has few, if any, english-language equals." --bangkok post.

"the book's overriding theme, how past and present, east and west, are on a collision course in the thailand of today is captured by photographer john goss in a number of eye-riveting juxtapositions." --circle of asia




click here to order the updated 2nd edition of very thai





		"full spectrum: volume eighteen collection of 25 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in spain, south korea, japan, malaysia, china, cambodia and elsewhere in the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order full spectrum




		"strange fruit: volume seventeen collection of 25 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in italy, spain, malta, philippines, india, japan, china, malaysia, cambodia and elsewhere in the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order strange fruit




		"hawaii: volume sixteen collection of 27 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot on oahu and maui in the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format. "
click here to order hawaii




		"blossom world: volume fifteen collection of 24 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in myanmar, japan, india, sri lanka, hawaii and elsewhere in the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order blossom world




		"singapore: volume fourteen collection of 25 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in singapore in the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order singapore




		"black album: volume thirteen collection of 25 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot or digitally created in india, singapore, sri lanka, greece, china, cambodia, japan, the united states and elsewhere in the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order black album





		"offerings: volume twelve collection of 27 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in india, bali, japan, cambodia, sri lanka, malaysia and elsewhere in the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order offerings





		"my penang: volume eleven collection of 26 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in penang, malaysia in the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order my penang





		"sri lanka: volume ten collection of 25 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in colombo, galle, kandy, negombo, anuradhapura, trincomalee, and elsewhere in the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order sri lanka




		"tropical regard ii: volume nine collection of 25 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in cambodia, sri lanka, thailand, hawaii and bali in the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order tropical regard ii




		"india: at first sight: volume eight collection of 27 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in delhi, kolkata, agra, jaipur, udaipur and bangalore in the 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order india: at first sight




		"wonder walls: volume seven collection of 26 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in vietnam, singapore, malaysia, thailand, india, sri lanka, the united states and elsewhere in the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order wonder walls




		"thai love song: volume six collection of 27 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in bangkok, ayutthaya, saraburi, sukhothai, and elsewhere in thailand in the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order thai love song




		"i japan: volume five collection of 28 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in kyoto, osaka, tokyo, miyajima, takarazuka, nagoya, yokohama and elsewhere in the 2000s and 2010s."
click here to order i japan




		"mykonos: volume four collection of 27 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in mykonos, greece in 2006. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order mykonos




		"find china: volume three collection of 26 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in beijing, chengde, hangzhou, shanghai, shenzhen, xiamen, yangshuo and elsewhere during the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order find china




		"desert modern: volume two collection of 24 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot in death valley, the painted desert, palm springs, joshua tree national park, the salton sea, and along route 66 during the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order desert modern




		"observatory: volume one collection of 25 photographs by american artist john c. goss. shot or created digitally in china, india, vietnam, thailand, sri lanka, malaysia, cambodia, myanmar and the unites states of america during the 2000s and 2010s. large 12" x 12" format."
click here to order observatory





		
	"...excellent and up-to-date information on the latest gay and lesbian hot spots in shanghai and elsewhere throughout china..." -- lonely planet shanghai
 
	"...one of the most current and useful gay asia resources..." -- time out shanghai

	"in a sign that china's great wall of denial about homosexuality is cracking, the first printed guide to gay life in dozens of chinese cities has been published by utopia. with honest, detailed descriptions of hotels, restaurants, bars and baths, as well as insights into local culture, the bilingual guide offers recommendations, tips and warnings for the international gay traveler. quotations from actual visitors round out the descriptions, providing first hand impressions about the gay scene in the various cities. in perhaps the most telling example of how far china has come, one contributor lists several beijing starbucks outlets as the best places to meet professional gay men." -- in los angeles magazine

click here for more info about the utopia guide to china







		
	"these fun pages dish out the spice on even the most buttoned-up spots in asia."
-- time magazine time traveler

	"...chock full of information and contacts..." -- lonely planet hanoi
click here for more info about utopia guide to cambodia, laos, myanmar & vietnam







	"the leading gateway to organizing a visit is utopia, which excels at events, insights, contacts, listings and links..." -- time out bangkok

	"long recognised for its online gay and lesbian community, utopia asia also has an informative guidebook...packed with full information on clubs, hotels, shopping venues, restaurants and spas all around thailand that are gay-friendly, gay-dominated and/or gay-owned." -- bk magazine
click here for more info about the utopia guide to thailand







	"...an extremely informative section on singapore's gay bars, clubs, organizations, publications, bookshops and even cabarets." -- time magazine

	"the best place to look for information on malaysia's gay and lesbian scene is utopia." -- lonely planet

	"start at utopia, an extremely comprehensive insider collection of meeting places, travel tips, and links to resources." -- frommer's 
click here for more info about the utopia guide to singapore, malaysia & indonesia






		
	"take a look at utopia for up-to-date information on gay and lesbian issues, bars and happenings in korea." -- lonely planet korea	
		
	"useful, fun and informative listings, links and more..." -- time out tokyo

	"only the naive would believe that modernization brought homosexuality to japan. the utopia guide to japan, south korea and taiwan introduces homosexuality in east asia via its historical and literary vintage, and brings it to a head in this must-have handbook. utopia is well known as the world’s most comprehensive and authoritative english-language resource on gay asia. their guide is is written with a sensitive finger on the social, cultural and political pulse of the three countries it covers. it turns the most casual riffler into a reader with its knowing commentary on various gay issues and evocative descriptions of various gay scenes and areas. directions to often difficult-to-find establishments are set out in meticulous and easy-to-follow detail, and there are ample tips, depending on the establishment, to make your experience there as enjoyable as possible. the frequent ‘comments from utopians’ are especially helpful." -- japanvisitor.com
click here for more info about the utopia guide to japan, south korea & taiwan







	"a really good place to start looking for information...excellent coverage of gay and lesbian events and activities across asia." -- lonely planet
	
	"an excellent resource for gay travellers to all regions of asia..."
-- rough guide

	"given the dearth of glbt-specific guidebooks to major destinations in the west, the breadth of the utopia series—covering parts of the world much less friendly to gay visibility—is impressive. with simple page layouts and a diy editorial style that incorporates texts of e-mails solicited from travelers, the books offer a refreshing candor and lack of hype. news and updates are posted regularly on the utopia-asia website, perhaps the best and least commercially biased online resource for planning gay-friendly asian travel. the guidebooks and web portal scrupulously avoid including businesses such as go-go bars, and feature significant sections on social groups, clubs, and businesses catering to lesbians." -- passport magazine
	
	"the obi wan kenobi of the asian gay cyber community. all seeing, all knowing. drop by and feel the force."
-- rice magazine
click here for more info about the utopia guide to asia




thai folk art museum
permanent collection
images on loan
asian visions of heaven & hell





missing links
curious clip art codex
essential connections
mystery objects & fortean oddities
the virtual worldof h. p. lovecraft
wonder bread generation







	    "hey joe!"
	     dennis lump blinked up from the morning bangkok post and slurped in a noodle that had been loitering in the dark corner of his well-practiced happy face grin.
	    mister lee’s spit-polished datsun, a well-preserved relic of the vietnam war r&r era as was mister lee himself, grinned back, reflecting an unwelcome beam of morning cheer into the shadows of  the terdsak guesthouse patio restaurant. vampire cockroaches with hollow black eyes and lobster red backpackers recently broiled on the beaches of koh dingdong skittered away from the sudden glare.
	    "comeon joe," mister lee stuck his raybanned cube of a face out the car window, his teeth phosphorescing like a darlie toothpaste commercial, "i wanna show you my temple."
	    dennis knew that an invitation from mister lee was like reading the first paragraph of a great sci-fi novel that he wouldn’t be able to put down once begun. 
	    "ok," the lumpster thumbed-up and tipped off his miniature plastic stool, "lemme grab my camera."
















