


armonk indoor sports center - westchester, ny's premier indoor athletic facility























notice below








armonk tennis











home

leagues/tournaments

youth soccer leagues
adult soccer leagues

registration


adult tennis

overview
instructional programs
playing programs
tennis court time
tennis lessons
interclub schedules
registration


junior tennis

overview
armonk int'l tennis academy

high performance path
team path



junior development program
tennis lessons
tournaments
staff
registration


camps

holiday
summer at atc


rentals/parties

turf field
tennis courts
parties & events
book field online


info

facility/gallery
staff
calendar
contact
inquiry form
directions
registration

leagues & tournaments
tennis


forms
employment











×















calling all tournament-level players
take your game to the next level at armonk international tennis academy.






get your heart pumping with cardio tennis
check out our per-diem classes and play when you want.






keep track of armonk indoor's soccer leagues
check out your team's schedule and results.






looking for clay courts?
armonk tennis club has 4 indoor and 10 outdoor courts for non-stop tennis.







what to do






















tennis programs
keep playing tennis when the weather cools down. at ai, players can choose from a variety of programs, from instructional to recreational to competitive. for adults, there are seasonal courts or lessons, which reserve weekly court time for the entire season; drop-in classes, which you choose when to attend; or private or group lessons, which can be scheduled to fit your calendar. meanwhile, the junior development program and more intensive armonk international tennis academy are after-school programs for kids of all ages and skill levels. finally, there are leagues and tournaments for players looking for the thrill of competition. contact us at 914.273.8522 to find a tennis program for you.
learn more






field sports
armonk indoor's turf field is your spot for a variety of activities. you can rent it out for your team's practices or games, reserve it for events ranging from birthday parties to fundraisers, or take part in our soccer leagues. the field can be rented on a session or per-diem basis and at the exact size you need. soccer, lacrosse, flag football, and baseball are just a few of the sports that are played at armonk indoor. and if you're looking to hold a party, we'll help make it a blast. contact us at 914.273.8522 for more information or to book the field.
learn more

























armonk indoor sports center | 205 business park drive, armonk, ny 10504 | 914.273.8522 | info@armonkindoor.com
copyright ©  north castle sports associates, llc. all rights reserved.
























