








muriel's jackson square – casual fine dining in the heart of the french quarter











































 






skip to content









facebooktwitterinstagram 

recipescontactemploymentblog 












  


search for:








homeabout our historyour ghostexplore the bistrobar & courtyardseance loungemagnoliacotillionwine roomprivate events jackson square dinnerroyal lunchmenus dinnerwine & cocktailssaturday brunchsunday jazz brunchchildren’s menusafety protocols 











loading...
















 
























homedenise gratia2024-09-04t13:06:52+00:00 
welcome to muriel’s        welcome to muriel’s jackson square. join us for contemporary creole cuisine seven nights a week, saturday brunch and sunday jazz brunch. our kitchen is led by executive chef erik veney, a graduate of johnson & wales and a veteran culinary leader in new orleans. anthony palomo is our general manager, and has led our restaurant since 2001.

        it is with great pleasure that we host private events including rehearsal dinners, celebrations, corporate events  and grand receptions. reserve our wine room for ten guests or our entire second floor including the magnolia room and the cotillion room for party sizes up to 500. to find out more about booking a private event at our restaurant, please call 504-568-1955 or email info@muriels.com. 
for information about regular reservations, please call 504-568-1885 or email info@muriels.com
exploremenusmeet our staffdo you believe?
meet our ghost
for many decades the city of new orleans has embraced a reputation of refuge for the lost souls wandering the streets of the french quarter.
discover moremuriel’s
our history
muriel’s opened its doors on march 10, 2001 after an extensive restoration of the building to its former glory of the mid-1800’s.
discover moreview our covid-19 safety protocols what’s happening at muriel’s jackson square
our blog







spirits of all kinds await you


						gallery					







spirits of all kinds await you gentle friends, did you know that if we have [...]








lady languid


						gallery					







lady languid well, i built me a raft and she's ready [...]








there’s no place like nola


						gallery					







there’s no place like nola “madame lily devalier always asked 'where are you?' in [...]

plan your next private event at
muriel’s jackson square
discover more



 
 





click here for reservations
contact

801 chartres street
phone: 504.568.1885
email: info@muriels.com

dress code smart casual.
gentlemen are asked to refrain from wearing tank tops and hats in the dining room. jackets are not required.

gift cards to purchase gift cards for our restaurant, please call 504.568.1885. we will gladly mail them at no additional charge.

 

hours dinner hours
sun thru thurs
5 pm – 9:30 pm
fri & sat
5 pm – 10 pm
saturday brunch & 
sunday jazz brunch
10:30 am – 2 pm
bar hours
sun thru thurs
3 pm – 9:30 pm
fri & sat 3 pm-10:30 pm

 

find us on facebook 





					112,194				




join us for contemporary creole cuisine 7 nights a week, saturday brunch and sunday jazz brunch.





this message is only visible to admins.
		problem displaying facebook posts. backup cache in use.					
ppca error: due to facebook api changes it is no longer possible to display a feed from a facebook page you are not an admin of. the facebook feed below is not using a valid access token for this facebook page and so has stopped updating.						
				





 

instagram




murielsnola
contemporary creole cuisine, craft cocktails and private events. located in new orleans’ french quarter on jackson square. call for info: 504-568-1885













"in new orleans life is a pedestrian. people navig






it’s hard to believe that we were inundated by a
 





it’s a sleepy morning on jackson square. we’re
 





cruising through the quarter on the sunday before 
 





everywhere else it's just groundhog day. 

#superb
 





friends, one of the good things about a snowstorm 






good day, friends. while many people in the north 


 





experience the magic of chef erik’s crawfish cak






tonight, join us as chef erik grills up some mouth






ring in the new year with new orleans jazz brunch!
 





in the old days, it was not called the holiday sea






join us for dinner and experience the magic of rev


 





reveillon is here! 🎄✨ join us for festive din
 





tonight's guests are beginning their reveillon fea






tonight's guests are enjoying our reveillon menu i


 





it's december and we have kicked off the réveillo


 





"in other cities, as old world cultures broke down






one of this weekend's brunch specials is this deca






halloween night on jackson square #neworleansresta
 





it’s wedding night! we are looking forward to ce
 


 


load more






 follow on instagram






 

 
 
 





		copyright 2021 muriel's jackson square |  all rights reserved  	


facebooktwitterinstagram
 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link

































































































 


go to top




