




steel city martial arts - castle shannon, pennsylvania





















































  




 

   






call us now (412) 531-2122
 get in touch now!

facebook
googleplus
instagram
yelp













programs

kids martial arts
brazilian jiu jitsu
cardio kickboxing
self defense 



locations

castle shannon
canonsburg
wexford



blog


schedule


contact us














                        choose your nearest location
to see available training options and programs











castle shannon
pennsylvania  15234











canonsburg
pennsylvania  15317











wexford
pennsylvania  15090











pittsburgh's premier bjj and self-defense training
all ages and experience levels are invited to get started today! 
self defense training available for both individual and group lessons! call for details!


 get started today! request information now! 










































by providing your number you consent to receive marketing/promotional/notification messages from steel city martial arts. opt-out anytime by replying stop. msg & data rates may apply.



 


















 steel city martial arts 

self-defense and fitness for the whole family

at steel city martial arts, we're committed to offering professional martial arts training for everyone in pittsburgh. with us, you'll receive world class instruction from 7 jiu-jitsu black belts and 8 tai-jitsu black belts, awarded their rank by helio and rickson gracie red and black belt pedro sauer. we're proud to have more resident jiu jitsu black belts than any other school in the tri-state area and as the largest and longest-running bjj school in pittsburgh, we have a proven history of success. whether you're an experienced fighter or just getting started, we're here to make your goals a reality one step at a time. join us today and take on the area's most highly respected martial arts training. we'll show you the difference from day one. 




request information now!



1
our black belt team
scma is home to 6 certified black belts and brings decades of experience to every class. we're proud to share the gracie family lineage with everyday men and women across pittsburgh, dedicating ourselves to the highest quality every day. 


2
our core values
it is our theory that the best martial arts training should never be limited to only the best athletes and black belts. our aim is to share what we know with everyone in our community, making the martial arts accessible. 


3
our mission
our mission is to share with each and every family around us the values and life skills that come with comprehensive martial arts training. from better fitness to unwavering self-confidence, we're here to empower you one step at a time. 


4
our promise
we pledge to maintain a safe and supportive environment for everyone who comes through our doors. with us, you can rely on high-quality coaching without the threat of injury or intimidation. 







real people real results














charles b. 
steel city is more than good martial arts......its good family ........ read more 





chris c.
an outstanding place and people! my son looks up to all the instructors especially his sensei and his son santino, great guys!.... read more 





mike s.
a great place to train jiujitsu. friendly and helpful athletes, nice space, and extremely clean. this school is for the all levels and abilities. highly recommend..... read more 




 





                            
                                see our testimonials
                            
                    









kids martial arts

our team is proud to offer high-quality kids martial arts classes for students across pittsburgh and beyond. we blend the best aspects of physical, social, and emotional growth - all in a fun and friendly environment! 

learn more








brazilian jiu jitsu

from beginners to experts, we've got everyone covered. our bjj program in pittsburgh offers a wide range of classes for all ages and skills levels. take on a great workout and learn the best self-defense skills in no time. 

learn more








cardio kickboxing

burn hundreds of calories and build lean muscle in no time with our steel city fit cardio kickboxing classes in pittsburgh. perfect for all experience levels, these classes can help you see real results fast! 

learn more






    pittsburgh's home for better martial arts 





                    
                        so much more than just martial arts 
                    
            

                    
                        our classes aim to impact all aspects of your life, giving you the tools face any challenge head on 
                    
            






confidence & self-esteem
there's nothing more important than being proud of ourselves and the things that we've accomplished. with our martial arts training, you can stay challenged week in and week out and enjoy the sense of accomplishment that comes with every new skill.



discipline & self-control
at steel city martial arts, nothing comes easy. our classes require practice and commitment and attention to detail - all tools that will serve students in any aspect of life. with us, you'll learn to dedicate yourself to the process and reap the rewards that come with it.




perseverance & determination 
from your first day with us, you'll learn to fail to find the strength to try it again. no student walks in and masters every move. high-quality martial arts training requires perseverance and the ability to bounce back from any obstacle life puts in your path. 



new friends & mentors
it's said that we're nothing without the people that surround us, and at steel city, we believe that to be true. we're committed to welcoming everyone from day one and supporting your journey no matter how long it takes. with us, you're never alone. 













contact us




3842 library road,
                                        castle shannon,
                                        pennsylvania 15234
  (412) 531-2122
 steelcityma@aol.com







request more information









































by providing your number you consent to receive marketing/promotional/notification messages from steel city martial arts. opt-out anytime by replying stop. msg & data rates may apply.



 
















steel city martial arts

3842 library road
castle shannon,
                                    pennsylvania 15234
phone: (412) 531-2122 
email:  steelcityma@aol.com 







                copyright © 2025 - 
                        
                            martial arts
                        
 websites developed by 97display websites
                
                | privacy policy |


                

















charles b. 


steel city is more than good martial arts......its good family....






chris c.


an outstanding place and people! my son looks up to all the instructors especially his sensei and his son santino, great guys!






mike s.


a great place to train jiujitsu. friendly and helpful athletes, nice space, and extremely clean. this school is for the all levels and abilities. highly recommend.






request information now!









































by providing your number you consent to receive marketing/promotional/notification messages from steel city martial arts. opt-out anytime by replying stop. msg & data rates may apply.



 
































