




















greater omaha chamber | we don't coast





































































 










 



















member login
make a payment
member directory
member news


 
 
 










membership

overview
membership pricing
business of the month
ribbon cutting information
business directory
member news
member hub


events

calendar
annual conferences
networking events
ribbon cuttings


programs

advocacy & policy
diversity & inclusion
professional development
reach for construction
startups
transportation
workforce development
young professionals


economic development

a greater omaha
find properties
regional data
omaha’s rankings
international business
target industries

agribusiness
financial services
med tech
logistics
military & defense


regional partners

advance southwest iowa corporation
mills county economic development foundation
cass county economic development council
gateway development corporation
greater fremont development council
nebraska city area economic development corporation
grow sarpy




resources

urban core strategic plan
blog
mover’s guide
we don’t coast magazine
lead together podcast
lives podcast


about

overview
meet the team
careers
media center
get involved
contact us


login
 





select page


  
 



 



 












we don't coast.
we’re on a mission to makeomaha a vibrant placeto do business, work and live.

join today










we mean business.








connecting the business community 
our 3,000+ member companies unlock opportunities to earn recognition, develop professionally and deepen their connection to the community.








pursuing economic development
we work tirelessly to attract new investments and jobs to the region. when business expands and the workforce grows, we all win.






w

advocating for pro-business climate 
we advocate for a strong business climate that fosters a thriving business community and a prosperous region.











we are all stronger together and the support of the greater omaha chamber has been amazing. strong, locally-based businesses are so vital to the health of a community’s economy and to keeping the best and brightest in the area. we are proud to be members of the greater omaha chamber.
stephanie bradley
marketing manager, kugler vision












growing home

growing home is a mentorship program that helps students that identify as black, indigenous or a person of color (bipoc) build a professional network, find internships and explore careers in omaha while they earn their degrees. with the connections students make through this program, they will be well positioned to start a career here in omaha. we are looking for scholars and mentors.


learn more





show off your space

interested in welcoming hundreds of local business professionals to your location? we host dozens of networking events each year and are looking for venues and event sponsors for our upcoming season. fill out the form below to get on the calendar!


submit your venue













urban core strategic plan

this long-range vision for omaha connects communities while supporting neighborhoods in and surrounding the core. it attracts visitors, inspires investment and enhances the quality of life for everyone in the region.


learn more









when you look at the state of nebraska, some of the economic policies and programs they have were certainly meaningful when it came to the overall evaluation of whether it made sense to locate this $600 million facility in papillion, the nebraska department of revenue was an excellent partner in helping us think through locating a site of this magnitude in a state like nebraska and ultimately in the city of papillion.
dan harbeke
regional head of public policy and external affairs, google








in the news





								greater omaha chamber releases “a greater omaha,”  a competitive economic development strategy for 2025-2027							

jan 27, 2025 | news release




								greater omaha chamber announces 2025 slate of board members							

nov 13, 2024 | general news, news release




								greater omaha chamber participates in ribbon cutting at the nebraska resource center							

oct 31, 2024 | general news, news release





upcoming events

 

networking events
we host 60+ networking events each year. that’s lots of chances for you to make professional connections with potential business partners or clients.
 







from the blog

visit our blog








								january investor’s corner — woodmenlife							

feb 12, 2025 | general news, investor's cornerwoodmenlife's enduring impact on omaha its white tower is an iconic part of the omaha skyline, but woodmenlife is far more important than a simple...





								legislative update – february 10, 2025							

feb 12, 2025 | advocacy, general news, pp updates & alertstoday marks day 22 of the legislative session, and as we move deeper into the session calendar, bills have begun to advance from committee onto the...






								february investor’s corner — nebraska medicine							

feb 11, 2025 | general news, investor's cornerinnovation and growth: nebraska medicine is a global health care leader here in omaha nebraska medicine isn’t simply a local institution. it’s a...








 

 
 
 





greater omaha chamber 808 conagra dr. ste. 400
omaha, ne 68102
phone: 402-346-5000
fax: 402-346-7050

 hours of operation

mon: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
tues: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
weds: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
thurs: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
fri: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.


 






facebook




twitter




linkedin




pinterest


 © 2023 greater omaha chamber | privacy policy  

 
 
 


 
















































