

local weather forecast, news and conditions | weather underground



























































 skip to main content _  sensor network
 maps & radar
 severe weather
 news & blogs
 mobile apps
 more
searchclosegps_fixedgps_fixedfind nearest station manage favorite citieslog inaccount_box log in settings settings sensor networkmaps & radarsevere weathernews & blogsmobile appshistorical weatherstarcurrent weather for popular cities  san francisco, ca 48 °fpartly cloudy manhattan, ny warning34 °fpartly cloudy schiller park, il (60176) warning9 °fpartly cloudy boston, ma warning28 °fmostly cloudy/wind houston, tx 51 °fpartly cloudy st james's, england, united kingdom 42 °fsunnysearchclosegps_fixedgps_fixedfind nearest station manage favorite citiessettings --feels like -- ---- / --------------------12am6amnoon6pm12amfeb 17+0000feb 18full forecastlatest: at least 10 dead; hundreds of thousands lack powersevere flooding struck the south this weekend after heavy rain pummeled the region. at least 13 are dead and hundreds of thousands are still without power.latest: at least 10 dead; hundreds of thousands lack powernation's sixth winter storm in two weeksa new winter storm is on the horizon, and it could bring heavy snow and ice to the central u.s. before taking aim at the east coast. here's what you need to know.nation's sixth winter storm in two weeksbitter cold will accompany next winter storman intense blast of cold air is making its way into the central united states this week with temperatures up to 50 degrees below average and over 100 daily low records at risk of being broken.bitter cold will accompany next winter stormspectacular 'glory hole' is flowing againit has been a rainy start to the month in napa county, california, and that means reservoirs like lake berryessa are rising. enter the morning glory spillway. this is an enchanting scene when the spillway is activated, because it creates a perfect visual where you can’t even tell the water is flowing into the hole. watch this video to learn more about the process.spectacular 'glory hole' is flowing againbuilding crumbles under heavy snow in massachusettsa building collapsed over the weekend in brookline, massachusetts, and heavy snow may have been a contributing factor. bricks scattered the road, crushed a car and damaged several others after a wall of the building crashed to the ground. winter storm jett dumped 5 to 6 inches of snow on the area over the weekend.building crumbles under heavy snow in massachusettsour appsabout uscontactcareerspws networkwundermapfeedback & supportterms of useprivacy policyaccessibility statementadchoicesdata vendorswe recognize our responsibility to use data and technology for good. we may use or share your data with our data vendors. take control of your data.data rights© copyright twc product and technology llc 2014, 2025

please enable javascript to continue using this application.

