



home






































about


our team


giving


contact us


careers



worship with us


looking for a church?


music


education


streaming & videos



our community


events


open hearts cafe


recovery and support groups



our historic building


history


art & architecture


rebuilding restoring together


rentals


 






 give



















































































feeding and clothing our neighborswith wide open hearts





sundays & tuesdays @ 4:30 pm











get involved




give

























     join us in-personor online


worship at cht






























































the church of the holy trinity
















welcome!

we are so glad to connect with you online, and hope you find helpful information on this website. we are in the middle of implementing a three year vision for this faith community to be more deeply engaged with the life of our neighborhood – to connect with the wide breadth of people that live in this area and who come to rittenhouse square for so many different things. we open our doors and our hearts wider to embrace the diversity that exists right outside our doors and walks on our sidewalks every day. we strie to be good stewards of our property and resources and make our space accessible for all. we are a place of joy, laughter and spirit. we are a place where our neighbors come together over the things we have in common rather than the things that divide.  we are not just a church on the square, we are an integral part of the neighborhood. we invite you to learn more and join us as we begin this journey together.

read more


























upcoming events at cht
















































join us forworship




















in person sundays at 11:00 am.  all are welcome to join us for services on sunday morning. to learn more about our services, click on the worship with us tab above.  children are welcome in our service. mask are welcome, but optional at this time, and we have masks, if you need one.




or online live on youtube  we live-stream the service on youtube for those who are not able to attend church in person. you can find the channel by clicking the button below. if you want to follow along, download the bulletin. previous services can also be watched any time.










this week's bulletin


worship online
















this week at cht







weekday morning prayer










join us each weekday morning at 9am on facebook for live and interactive morning prayer. click here to participate.












sunday service










sunday service11:00 amin person and online. 









enews










click below to sign up to receive our weekly enews.


weekly enews














covid protocol





2023 we are thankful for everyone who has joined us to worship and to serve, either in person or virtually. at this time, our in-person services are mask-optional. we encourage you to stay home, rest, and recover if you are feeling unwell. masks are welcomed in-person! you are also welcome to join us online - our sunday services, evensong, and morning prayer are livestreamed via facebook.































connect with us




























instagramknow what we're up to





















youtubewatch our livestreamed and past service 



















facebookkeep in touch and share







 




service times

church's services and activities. 





location

1904 walnut streetphiladelphia, pa 19103





about us

looking to learn a little bit more about who we are? awesome, we'd love to help.





contact us

have any questions or concerns? give us a shout, we'd love to hear from you.










historic organ projectmöller opus 8128 renovated and rehoused in our exquisite space 

upcoming eventslenten organ meditations wednesdays, march 12, 19, 26 and april 2, 9 at 12:15 p.m. choral evensong: palestrina 500 wednesday, april 2, 2025, 6:00 p.m. featuring organist salvatore pronestì co-sponsored by the philadelphia chapter of the american guild of organists dedicatory recital by alan morrison saturday, april 12, 2025, at 3:00 p.m.  ***new date and time***  join us on sundays to hear the organ play! 




read more



give now


































the church of the holy trinityrittenhouse square

address:

1904 walnut streetphiladelphia pa 19103

telephone:

(215) 567-1267 

email:

communications@htrit.org or for rental use, contact housemanager@htrit.org 

about us

worship with us

our team

our values

what we believe


ministries


children, youth and families


open hearts cafe

support groups

navigation

home

give

contact us

careers

join our mailing list!



the church of the holy trinity rittenhouse © 2023 | digital media policy














