




rent party & event items fort wayne in | a party apart




















 top







call (260) 969-0999


view cart 





search...


search




























home

rentals 

catalog
see what’s new!


gallery

resources 

forms & policies
faq



our company
contact











select catalog 

          party rental categories 




party & event rentals





party categories
arches & columnscake standcandy & apothecary jarcasino, games & propscatering, kitchen & barcenterpieceschairsconcessionsflooringfurnituregamesheating & coolingholidayinflatableslantern & hanging candle holderlinenlinen specialtypropsset the tablesignsstagingtablestents & outdoortrees & plantswedding accessorywedding candelabra








































































rental products
browse our catalog...








photo gallery
get inspired!








web quote
how to place an order...





 



welcome to a party apart



since january 2003, a party apart has been a leader in the rental industry. located in downtown fort wayne, indiana, we service all of your rental needs in the tri-state area and beyond. with one of the most comprehensive rental inventories in the industry, we have everything you need from tent top to tabletop in a full array of styles ranging from traditional to contemporary. we offer tents, tables and chairs, themed props, games, and inflatables along with a variety of china, flatware, specialty linens and napkins, unique decorative items, and much more! our knowledgeable and experienced staff is ready to help you every step of the way to ensure your event stands apart from the rest!




        view this post on instagram            a post shared by a party apart (@apartyapart) 















200 e superior st, fort wayne, in 46802




tel: (260) 969-0999
fax: (260) 969-1244
 email us




catalog
trending
galleries
resources
faq
our company
directions & hours







serving fort wayne indiana, warsaw, syracuse, auburn, south bend, indianapolis in, including northeast indiana, northwest ohio, southern michigan, and the northern indiana lake area with all your party rental, tent rental, and wedding rental needs.

              
                copyright © 2025  rentalhosting.com   powered by point-of-rental - last update: 2/18/2025 7:50:32 am



















