      custom timber frame homes | atlantic timberfames       
aboutabout usfaqthe tf processcommercialresidentialour servicescustom timber frame projectstimber frame kitstimber frame accessoriesphoto galleryblogcontact us

schedule
aboutabout usfaqthe tf processcommercialresidentialour servicescustom timber frame projectstimber frame kitstimber frame accessoriesphoto galleryblogcontact us

scheduleyour premier custom timber frame builderwe are a family-owned business that has been building timber frame homes and commercial timber frame structures throughout north america since 1991.
schedule a consultation
our servicesstay in touch with our latest builds & designsthe best way to keep in touch and learn about our new builds and designs is to sign up for our periodic newsletter. we promise never to spam you or sell your information to a third party.name(required)email address(required)


submit
 









δ serving both residential & commerical clients
our servicesresidentiala timber frame residence offers timeless aesthetic appeal with its natural beauty providing a warm and spacious atmosphere.

commercialtimber frame construction in commercial buildings provides a distinctive, upscale appearance that can attract customers and set a business apart.featured timber frame home planshaving built many timber frame homes over the years, we have several conceptual home plans available to help begin the design process.
the mt. jacksonopen floor plan with a first floor master suite and laundry
the venusan open floor plan with first floor master suit and 2 bedrooms and 1 full bath upstairs.
the coolspringan open floorplan with a hallway that connects to the master suit and office area.
view featured



about atlantic timberframesatlantic timberframes is a true family business made in america. we are located an hour north of pittsburgh just outside of mercer, pa. since 1991, we have been working alongside family, friends, and fellow timber framers to build amazing and unforgettable timber frame homes all across the country. we love what we do: building the best homes we possibly can for people who we come to care about like family.
schedule a consultationatlantic timberframes 
571 n. stone base rd.
mercer, pa 16137info@timberframes.com724-699-9073
followfollowfollowaboutservicesphoto galleryblogcontact© 2025 atlantic timberframes | all rights reserved          




