high plains bank home › high plains bank 




  homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.   close alertfdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmenthigh plains bank  open an account contact our team open searchenter search terms  start site search questions? locationstoggle menutoggle online banking loginclose menuenter search terms  start site searchopen an account contact our team questions? locations

home

personal


bank


open an account

personal accounts

free checking account

high yield savings account

higher yield certificate of deposit

health savings account

account rates

fee schedule

hpbgo digital banking



borrow


consumer loans

mortgage center



learn


hpbu - financial education center

hpbgo tutorials

stay secure





business


bank


open an account

business accounts

free business checking account

high yield savings account - business

higher yield cds for business

health savings account

account rates

fee schedule

hpbgo digital banking



borrow


commercial and industrial lending

agricultural lending

small business administration (sba) loans

commercial real estate



solutions


business solutions

cash flow management

send payments

receive payments

manage account users

merchant services



learn


hpbu - financial education center

hpbgo tutorials

stay secure





trust, estate, investment


trust, estate, and investment services

about trust, estate, and investment services



about us


our branch communities

thriving community stories

our locations / atms

our people

our board

high plains bank in the news



employee experience


employee experience

career opportunities

high plains bank work culture



en español

  close online bankingaccess your accounts.select an option. online banking logintrust, estate, investmentsmartpayusername * forgot passwordenrollsign in to smartpaysign in to trust, estate, investmenthigh plains bank adob  
high five to higher earnings...

check out all our great cd rates!

learn more!
  photo: adobe stock
phophotphotpho    
craft business banking
business solutions that fit your business
learn more
  photo: vahagn/adobe-stock
phophotphotpho    
free business checking...

our business checking is just that - free!

learn more


flagler's beautification project  photo: adobe stock
phophotphotpho click here to stop the slider's autoplay feature click here to start the slider's autoplay feature  
business account  
merchant services  
personal accounts  
open an account  
apply for a loan  contact us    streamlined & powerful tools
at high plains bank, every business, large or small, deserves simple, powerful, and convenient tools that are customizable to your business needs. 
 
high plains bank business accounts are designed with one goal in mind – to empower you to have everything your business needs to succeed. that’s what craft banking is all about!
 
learn more    craft banking 
with years of commercial lending under our belt we understand the cash flow needs of today's commercial client. whether it's starting that small part-time business you have always dreamed of, or financing a multi-million dollar business, high plains bank can help. we know that strong businesses are integral to thriving communities.
small business solutions    
banking is about something more
our priorities are different from many banks. we put family and community first. if that’s like you, high plains bank is your bank.
our story
      hpbgo
high plains bank offers the online and mobile banking tools you have come to expect to help you manage your finances wherever you are. we continually invest in evolving our online and mobile products and services, and offer state-of-the-art online banking, cash management, and business tools.
enroll in hpbgo today!         100 years of friendly banking
our commitment to support the vitality of our communities began more than one hundred years ago. we are explicit that our first goal is to make a lasting impact in our communities while empowering people to manage their financial moments of need and life events. as a family and employee-owned community bank, we place the highest value on relationships, with our customers and our employees.
meet our team  
photo: patricia lentell 

 

privacy notice

accessibility notice

statement of condition

security

patriot act notice

contact our team

equal housing lender member fdic©  high plains bank. nmls #411681 created by bannoback to the topgo to the first sectiongo to the second sectiongo to the third sectiongo to the fourth sectiongo to the fifth sectiongo to the sixth section
