
















nonprofit debt & credit counseling | take charge america

































 
 






    skip to content

 





















debt help

credit counseling
do it yourself
debt management
debt consolidation
debt settlement
bankruptcy


credit help

credit 101
credit counseling
credit repair


housing help

housing counseling


budget tools

education center
financial tips
calculators
consumer resources
lesson plans
webinars


about

about tca
in the community
newsroom
careers


 

866-528-0588
money tips
login

mytca login
online counseling


contact
donate
 






 


reclaim your financial independence












start your session online










nonprofit financial counseling
need help paying off credit card debt? 
as a nonprofit, we offer objective and personalized guidance for overcoming credit card debt. we know paying off debt may seem like an uphill battle, but we can provide you with the resources, knowledge, and peace of mind to get back on the right financial track.
get back on track today
create a plan today





many people find relief with a debt management plan
benefits may include: 




overall lower monthly payment



reduced interest rates



waived late and over-limit fees



an end to collection calls



3-5 year debt repayment average



customizable payment date










start with a free action plan
we can help you identify the right path to eliminate your credit card debt through a free credit counseling session. you will receive an action plan including a credit report summary, customized budget, debt repayment options and educational resources.




our online counseling is available 24/7.
you can also call 866-528-0588 to speak with a credit counselor, monday through friday, 6 a.m. - 6 p.m. mst.
start your session online






overcome your financial challenges 
            we have helped more than 2 million americans pay off more than $6 billion in personal debts.            how can we help you?  




 
help with  my credit





 
pay off debts





 
buy or save for a home





 
discover budgeting tools









 

a trustworthy partner
founded in 1987, take charge america is among the nation’s leading nonprofit financial counseling agencies. we have helped more than 2 million people nationwide transform their financial outlooks through credit counseling, debt management, student loan counseling, housing counseling and bankruptcy counseling. we bring compassion and objective guidance to americans who need extra assistance overcoming financial challenges.
learn more about us







as seen on




 

 

 

 

 

 

 





in their words



 

5 star review
 by joan braithwaite


it worked for me
i had credit card debt when i became unable to work and on social security it was hard.
take change america helped me with a plan i could manage.
it was what i needed, tca is there for any questions and they did a great job.
i’m very satisfied. thanks




 

5 star review
 by kermit mccoy


details are quite simple
details are quite simple changing my buying habits, paying my lowest bills as fast as possible without breaking my finances stability. plus, keeping a positive flow in my different accounts.




 

5 star review
 by allegra c.


we're finally recovering
this place is forthright, helpful, and will accomplish what you need if you find yourself in more debt than you know how to handle. they work by negotiating lower aprs, thereby giving you the tool to get out of the financial hole without the cons of bankruptcy.




 

5 star review
 by wayne thai


nothing but great things to say
i wish i could assign 10 stars. this company did so much for me. they kept my head above water daily for 4+ years. i have nothing but great things to say about them. if you need help. i’m certain they can help.









 

explore
free financial
resources
arm yourself with the knowledge to create lifelong financial independence. get tips and tools for managing debt, developing effective financial habits, budgeting to meet living expenses and saving for the future.
explore budget tools







scroll to top





                    services
                

credit counseling
continue counseling session
debt management
housing counseling
bankruptcy counseling
 

facebook - opens in new indow
instagram - opens in new indow
twitter - opens in new indow
linkedin - opens in new indow
youtube - opens in new indow
pinterest - opens in new indow

click to save our contact info



                    get financial tips in your inbox 
                

                    enter email address to receive our monthly money maximizer newsletter.
                




thank you for subscribing.


                    get financial tips online
                

budget tools
blog



contact us
 send message 
 view addresses
credit counseling:
 866-528-0588 monday – friday  6 a.m. - 6 p.m. mst 
debt management:
800-823-7396 monday – friday  7 a.m. - 5 p.m. mst 
housing counseling:
866-987-2008 monday – friday  8 a.m. - 4 p.m. mst 







 

 

 



 







                    ©
                    2021-2025                       
                        take charge america, inc.

                     all rights reserved. | 501 (c) (3) nonprofit financial education.
                    

                         take charge america, inc. is not a loan company. we do not lend money.
                    


20430 n 19th avenue, suite b155, phoenix, az 85027                    
					
					                    state disclosures
terms of use
consumer privacy policy
online privacy policy
client rights
 













			close		


font resize

a-
a+



keyboard navigation



readable font


contrast

choose color

black
white
green
blue
red
orange
yellow
navi




underline links



reset settings



images greyscale



invert colors



remove animations



		close
	





accessibility by wah








manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage cookie consent
 
















× close form



call 866-528-0588
or schedule a call now



please complete the required fields to continue.





first name *first name required 
last name *last name required 


email *email required - no spaces 
phone *phone required 



state *state required





best time to call

 

now

later 





please choose a time:







by requesting a review you are agreeing to communications from take charge america via email, phone and sms messaging. you can opt out at any time.










congratulations!

you have completed the first step toward being debt free! 
a certified credit counselor will call to provide your free debt review on:
                    



if you have any immediate questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us at .
please provide reference number  to your counselor.







































