

rotary lifts rl bangle & sons automotive lifting equipment auto service equipment
























































welcome to
														r.l. bangle & son's, inc.
we are the leader in today's hoist sales and service!
headquartered in wisconsin, bangle automotive equipment offers national sales, service and installation of automotive service equipment and vehicle lifts.
we know that our number one priority is customer satisfaction. at r.l. bangle & son's we strive to give you the utmost in quality and service. the past 35 years have proven our dedication to the automotive service equipment industry in general and the need for quality automotive lifts in particular.
if you're looking for quality sales and service, you have come to the right place!
we guarantee it!

























our products
r.l. bangle & son's, inc. represents world renowned manufacturers. shown here is just a small sampling of the large variety of automotive service equipment we sell, install and service. contact us for more information about the products we carry or to let us know what your specific needs are.
click on photos to see larger image!










automotive lifts from the world leader in lift systems!
rotary lift solutions: choose from over 100 models of in-ground and surface lifts: two-post lifts, four-post lifts, smartlifts®, revolution car enthusiast lifts, mid/low-rise versalifts, and accessories for all!! we can match your needs in regards to available space, lifting capacity, feature requirements, and color. www.rotarylift.com









r.l. bangle also sells rotary heavy duty lifts!
master distributor
extended height and manual models available!
rotary authorized installer
















lubrication
full line of graco lubrication and fluid handling systems!
www.graco.com
air compressors
complete compressed air systems from
																ingersoll-rand and saylor beall!
www.irtools.com
www.saylor-beall.com







 
 
 


 



exhaust systems
garage products in-ground and above-ground exhaust systems for auto and truck dealerships and repair shops!
www.garageproductsinc.com






stands and lifts
norco floor jack stands and lifts!
www.norcoind.com












 
																		
reels

reelcraft overhead air and torch reels!
www.reelcraft.com









and more reels!
cord and cable reels for all markets and applications from coxreels!
www.coxreels.com






service equipment
automotive and truck service equipment from ranger products!
www.bendpak.com













doors and screens
curtain walls, strip doors, and welding screens!
www.goffscurtainwalls.com
liquid storage
john dow drain oil and petroleum storage systems!


 www.johndow.com 



lube equipment
samson lubrication equipment of all types for automotive and industrial industry!
www.samsoncorporation.com







saftlite lighting solutions
portable lights, light and cord reels, and accessories for the automotive professional!
www.saftlite.com






automotive and petroleum industries overfill protection products from bj enterprises!
www.bjenterprisesinc.com












 


tanks
multi-hazard above-ground petroleum product tanks from supervault and dunn industries
www.supervault.com
www.dunntanks.com
 




























our services
with r.l. bangle & son's you can be assured that your equipment needs will be fulfilled! in addition to selling a wide variety of products, we offer service and installation on all makes and models of automotive service equipment. 24 hr emergency service is available.




























go to top















email: info@banglesons.com
www.banglesons.com




 
 
 


800.236.4040 toll free
										262.785.1338 phone877.236.4140 toll free fax
										262.786.2444 fax
2238 w. bluemound rd. unit a
											waukesha, wi 53186

our company
products
services
events
											contact us
 


 
 
 




copyright © 2018 r.l. bangle & son's, inc.
please report website problems to the webmaster: 

 











