






sunrise rollerland is rollerskating in the sacramento area






















































 
 































 
sunrise rollerland
winter schedule is here! 

we are hiring
about us



call to action


family skating & fun zone!

learn more



house rules
 


toggle navigation





home
sessions winter 2025
adult nights
birthday parties
classes
private parties
group rates
equipment
 






facebook



twitter



instagram
kids skate free

phone number
always skate safely
 

































 get tix here: presidents day feb 17th admission with skate rental 2025 12:00-2:30pm or 2:00-4:30pm
tues feb 18th – fri 21st presidents week admission with skate rental 2025 1:00 pm- 4:00 pm
 
 













on birthday parties monday – friday before  6:30 pm













 











 














 






 











 








 
















 




sessions

we have skating sessions for everyone. the sessions include kids sessions, adult sessions, retro skate nights and regular sessions with the latest music.
read more


birthday parties

roller skating birthday parties are extremely popular and we have parties with a cake, drinks, and skating.
read more


lessons

learning to skate? we have group lessons and can teach anyone how to skate. we also have private lessons.
read more














food












friends




















fun












skating















fun sessions throughout the year



sunrise rollerland caters to families and has fun events throughout the  year. look for special holiday sessions, skating events, adult sessions, and more.
 





book online to guarantee entry









the regional championships at sunrise rollerland had competitors from california, nevada, and arizona competing for a week to see who would go to the national championships.

















2 raw adult late night skate


adult skates
we have adult skating at sunrise rollerland. weekly we have a tuesday and thursday adult session from 10am to noon.
we also have late night adult skating hosted by 2raw (2 rhythm and wheels) once a month. please check the schedule.
check out the schedule








  
sunrise rollerland is roller skating in the sacramento area





connect with us
       



located near sunrise mall
sunrise rollerland is rollerskating in the sacramento area. exiting form 50 head north on sunrise blvd and exiting 80 head east on madison ave. of course your smart phones map can guide you here.















 


 
























contact info© 2023 sunrise rollerland   |   6001 sunrise vista dr. citrus heights, ca 95610











































