



  







senior care in eau claire, wisconsin  | safe @ home senior care



 
 













































 for more information, please call us:
715-598-safe (7233)
 





	    
	



home    
about us    
services    
careers    

login    
application    


resources    
blog    
contact us    
 

 



 trusted care to
keep you safe
at home
aging in place is the future of senior care. it has proven to be both safe and affordable. home is where everyone wants to stay.
 


















 



 set an appointment
it will be our pleasure to meet you personally. please fill out our online form for a consultation schedule.
click here
 

 send your referrals
would you like to send your referrals? safe @ home senior care will be happy to receive your recommendations.
click here
 

 meet our staff
we hope you will entrust the care of your loved ones to safe @ home senior care. get to know them better and read their profiles…
click here
 









welcome to
safe @ home senior care
senior care in eau claire, wisconsin


we thank you for giving us your trust. it is an honor for us to be given the opportunity to make your lives better through senior care in eau claire, wisconsin. whether our home care visits may be daily, weekly or intermittently scheduled, the quality remains the same. safe @ home senior care provides comprehensive home care solutions that meet and exceed expectations every single time.
to achieve a professional degree of care, safe @ home senior care places caregiver compatibility right on top of our priorities. better care always results from accurate caregiver matching. we carefully assess your needs and we find the care professional from our team who has the appropriate skill set to address your requirements.
to arrange a free, no-obligation, no-pressure care consultation in your home, please call our home care agency in wisconsin at 715-598-safe (7233).










services
			we offer


companionship
light housekeeping
meal preparation and grocery shopping
accompany to appointments & errands
assist with transferring & positioning
mobility assistance
laundry & bed linens
medication reminders


view more services


 







 our mission
statement
the primary mission of safe @ home senior care is to ensure that all of our clients receive consistent, trusted, reliable care to keep them safe, happy, and independent in their homes, wherever they call home.
about us
 







contact
				information
 
safe @ home senior care
	505 south dewey street, suite 106
	eau claire, wisconsin 54701
telephone: 715-598-safe (7233)
	email: senior-care@sahsc.org

 

 service areas
covered
we provide care to seniors throughout northwestern wisconsin.
view larger map »

 



					© copyright 2016 - 2025  •  designed by proweaver








home
about us
services
resources
blog
contact us
 







 
 










we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok


