


















home - concentrics research





































concentrics research


go








about us
divisions
services
contact us











[blogurl]rx-to-otc-switch/ 
trusted we have been industry leaders in rx-to-otc switch for nearly 30 years and have worked on 85% of the drugs and devices that have been successfully switched!





experienced concentrics research is a unique cro specializing in late-stage (phase ii-iv) research. with nearly 30 years of expertise in clinical research and regulated healthcare marketing research.




[blogurl]services/ 
multi-disciplinary support thinking about your goals from every angle allows us to explore a variety of possibilities.  our knowledge is gathered from many fields including clinical, market research, regulatory, and medical.




[blogurl]about-us/mission-and-vision/ 
a higher purpose our ultimate contribution is to improve the health and quality of life for consumers.







rx-to-otc switch
healthcare market research
clinical research
our research facility









why concentrics?
concentrics research, an iqvia business (concentrics), is a unique cro specializing in late-stage (phase ii-iv) and consumer healthcare research. we have a clinical division, a regulated healthcare market research division and we have a unique research site that allows us to conduct early iterative testing and single site testing for larger studies.  with nearly 30 years of expertise in rx-to-otc switch, clinical research and regulated healthcare marketing research, we create and execute custom research to meet your needs.
at concentrics, we’re centered around you-your specific drug or device, your specific research needs, your commercialization goals. no two studies are exactly the same. our staff of 100 specialists surrounds your team and your drug/device with concentric circles of knowledge, experience, service, and performance excellence.
the discipline of good science combined with creative and strategic thinking provides a powerful framework. we start with your goals in mind and work backwards from each of them to assure that we have built innovative and effective solutions. often these goals can be integrated to save time and money.
in a sea of competitors, what distinguishes a service provider? our clients feel there are multiple areas that set us apart from the rest:





“you always come up with unique and creative approaches.”
– global director, business development, us
“your insights on a protocol are fresh and innovative.”
– medical director, us
“you are the thinking cro. you don’t just execute the study. you really think about it to find the best solution that often makes it more efficient.”
– director, clinical development, uk
 “you don’t stop until the client is satisfied.”
-manager, medical/clinical development, us
“your project managers are stars.”
– senior director, market research services, us
“you don’t try to be everything. we come to you for your expertise in late-stage research.”
– associate director, medical/clinical development, us





 




industry affiliations

 



virtual tour

what we’re doing


concentrics works with alcon on successful switch of pataday
february 24, 2020


concentrics works with gsk on successful switch of voltaren
february 24, 2020


concentrics research conducts pivotal studies for novel fda otc naloxone labeling – work cited as unprecedented by fda commissioner
january 18, 2019


 








concentrics research headquarters 
 9335 delegates row indianapolis, in 46240 
phone: 800.800.5525 fax: 317.705.2175


concentrics research
 strategy center 
 6 campus dr. 
parsippany, nj 07054 
 
phone: 800.800.5525
fax: 317.705.2175




 

site links

home
site map
newsroom
about us
services
contact us
terms of use
online privacy policy
your privacy choices

 

contact us

 










 your name
 
 your email
 
 subject
 
 your message (optional)









web design by boxcrush®

















