






evidence for development






















we use cookies to ensure the functionality of our website, such as to ensure that the website is user-friendly, and that you're able to access the information you need easily. we also use google analytics cookies to help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. for more information on how these cookies work, please see our cookie notice.to accept our use of cookies, please click "i accept".

i acceptclose










evidence for development


searchmenu







about us

what we do
where we work
who we work with
people
news


activities

research
capacity development


methods

the household economy approach (hea)
the individual household method (ihm)


expertise

livelihoods
climate change
disasters and emergencies
famine prevention, food security and hunger
blog


studies
projects
 









information to change lives

                fighting poverty through innovative and rigorous methods for evidence-based policies.
            
learn more about our work






news


view all news




 a new partnership with the nasio trust  (www.thenasiotrust.org)

11th august 2024



 floods, droughts, locusts and covid: a longitudinal study of the past 4 years in katakwi, uganda

9th april 2022



 investigating the impacts of environmental forest landscape restoration on local livelihoods in uganda

17th march 2022



 new paper published on adaptation planning

12th march 2022










efd brochure


                    our brochure has more information about who we are, what we do and how we do it. view it online, or download and keep for later.                


view our brochure






blog







insights from an internship with evidence for development

25th june 2024








can machine learning be used to help rural communities adapt to climate change?

16th june 2023








intern perspectives: uploading data - the unexpected highlight of my internship

2nd may 2023



view all blogs






contact evidence for development

                    get in touch with us to explore partnership opportunities, contribute to our open-source software development or find out more about our work. contact us



support our work

                    donate to help us maintain and expand our work promoting more effective aid through better use of development resources, greater accountability, and freely available leading-edge analytical tools. donate via justgiving









about us
activities
methods
expertise
projects
contact efd
 

follow efd:





© 2025 evidence for development. evidence for development is a registered charity in england and wales (reg. charity number: 1109840).









