









associated air products | advise. design. deliver.


















































































innovative hvac solutions since 1985
  14900 west 107th streetlenexa, ks 66215(913) 894-5600  2100 s. brentwood blvd, ste espringfield, mo 85604(417) 888-0700  markets

 grow facilities
critical
data
education
government
healthcare
hospitality
manufacturing
office


hvac systems and products

 water source heat pumps
doas
associated air products vfd
associated air products vrf
flow measurement
associated air products erv
aap gas and contaminant detectors
fluid cooler and dry coolers
industrial chillers
industrial cooling tower


products

 all products
stocked products
ez2b green
solutions


parts & support

 parts request
after-sales support
advise. design. deliver.
equipment selection
startup and support assistance
aap live lab & training suite
value-added turnkey support


about

 our team
projects
events
resources


contact us

 marketing territories


     


   

 


 



 





 

 

advise. design. deliver. 

we add value to your design process, creating healthy comfortable spaces, ensuring positive results. 

contact us today 







 

 

support & service 

aap offers engineering support and sales services for the commercial, industrial and institutional hvac industry. 

request service
 


 

 








 

associated air productssince 1985, aap has provided high quality, high value, engineered products and services to the hvac & industrial industries.two locationsaap represents products for the entire state of kansas, the western half of missouri, and northwest arkansas. high qualitywe provide innovative hvac system solutions that offer the greatest overall value at a price our customers can afford. ez2b green productsat aap, we endeavor to live and promote an integrated lifestyle that saves resources whenever possible. dedicated team memberseach member of our sales team has years of experience with a broad range of expertise in hvac equipment selection.our servicesaap offers engineering support and sales services for the commercial, industrial and institutional hvac industry. design assistance serviceswe assist the design consultant, pre-construction manager, and owner in the early stages of building design regarding the type of hvac system to use. pc based equipment selection & pricingaap utilizes the latest state-of-the-art industry software available today to assist us in selecting equipment, designing it, and budgeting it efficiently. aap training programstraining classes are offered by our product champions to ensure you will have proper installation and continuing local service and support. after-sales support & serviceour service goes beyond the support we provide in our sales and installation process. we’re there for you years after a successful installation. startup and field servicesour equipment is often furnished with factory startup to ensure it will be tuned and operated to the manufacturer’s recommendations. value added turnkey servicessince 1985, aap has supplied hvac equipment required to provide a complete power plant hvac installation package.markets we serveaap is proud to serve a variety of markets including healthcare, laboratories, k-12 schools, higher education and research, commercial offices, government and public, hospitality, residential and industrial power plants.healthcarecommercial officeslaboratory facilitiesk-12 and universitiesgovernment and publichospitalityresidentialindustrial power plantsour game plansports teams and businesses need a solid game plan for success. developing character in our team members and utilizing sound business principles helps us deliver superior designs, products, and services to our fans. the right peopleour greatest single resource is the quality, knowledge, and character of our people. no team or business can succeed without highly motivated people that care. the right productsthanks to our mutually beneficial partnerships with our manufacturers, our innovative, well made products deliver the results our customers demand at a price they can afford. the right performancewe represent products that “do more” through the innovation, creativity, and ideas of our technical sales staff. we don’t quit and neither do our products! the right attitudewe believe doing business with honesty, integrity, and a positive attitude is the only way to build long-term relationships and ensure future growth and success.the lateststay up to date with the latest news at aap and in the industry.by maria gonzalezapr 03, 2020 april 8, 2020 hvac learning from your desk webinar rsvp here : https://www.aap-kc.com/about/events/  read moreby maria gonzalezmar 03, 2020 march 19, 2020 what’s brewing at aap event series featuring aircuity rsvp here : https://www.aap-kc.com/about/events/  read moreby maria gonzalezfeb 07, 2020 february 20 what’s brewing at aap event series featuring aircuity rsvp here : https://www.aap-kc.com/about/events/  read more

 





we serve the commercial, industrial and institutional hvac industries.how can we serve you? request service 





our goal is to exceed your expectations by selling and servicing hvac systems you can count on. we respect our customers, our employees, and our industry, while delivering responsive service and first rate technical support.                           quick linksabout
services
projects
solutions
resources
offices 14900 west 107th streetlenexa, ks 66215(913) 894-5600 2100 s. brentwood blvd, ste espringfield, mo 85604(417) 888-0700contact us

name*email*

messagecaptcha
 











© 2022 all rights reservedhome
about
contact us
privacy policy
 




















