








mpg help




help

contents
getting started

registration
sharing mpg estimates with others
login
i forgot my password
my garage
"my mpg" menu

managing your account & vehicles

adding a vehicle
removing a vehicle
editing vehicle/configuration
changing sharing preference
changing the password

mpg & fuel purchase data

mpg estimates you have calculated – adding, viewing & editing
fuel purchase records – adding, viewing, editing, downloading & uploading
customizing the fuel purchase form

shared mpg estimates from other users

viewing estimates from other users


registration
registration allows users to establish a user name and password so they can save mpg information and view, edit, and update it at a later time. registered users can also share their mpg with others. fueleconomy.gov retains no information that could be used to identify individuals or link them to any information they enter. 
users can register by:


clicking "i want to register!" in the lower right-hand part of the my mpg home page.

the "user registration" form will then be displayed.


entering a user name of their choosing.


entering a password.
re-entering the password in the "password confirmation" field to ensure that they typed the same password twice.

entering a hint to help them remember their password.
the hint can be a word, a sentence, or whatever the user prefers. this field is optional.


indicating whether or not they would like to share their mpg with other users. (more about sharing...)
users that elect to share can


enter their e-mail address.
we will send them an e-mail asking them to verify that they would like to share their mpg. the e-mail address will be deleted from our database after they respond or within two weeks if they do not; it will not be shared or used by us for any reason. the verification process must be completed before mpg data can be shared.

the user can select the state in which they live from the pull-down list. this step is optional.

users that choose not to share can skip this step and continue to the next one.



clicking the "register" button.
if a user enters a user name that has already been used, they will receive an error message asking them to select a different user name. they can repeat the steps above until they select a name that has not been used.
if a user elects to share mpg data and enters an e-mail address that has already been entered, they will receive an error message asking them to enter a different e-mail address. they can repeat the steps above until they select an address that has not been used. (this should not occur unless the user has already registered.)


a page will be displayed allowing users to indicate whether or not they would like fueleconomy.gov to keep their e-mail address on file so that we can send  their password and user name to their e-mail address if they forget it. 

fueleconomy.gov only collects e-mail addresses to verify that users would like to share their mpg estimates. users that ask to have their e-mail address retained, can have a new password sent to them if they forget theirs in the future.

entering their e-mail address (if they haven't already done so).
clicking the "continue" button.



the user will then be led through the process of adding a vehicle to their garage. "my garage" is simply a list of vehicles for which the user would like to enter, calculate, or compare mpg data.

sharing mpg estimates with others
we have provided a way for users to share their on-road mpg with others.
in order to share, users should provide their e-mail address. this will enable us to send the user an e-mail asking them to verify their desire to share.
mpg estimates will only be shared if the user responds to the verification e-mail. the user's e-mail address will be erased from the database in 30 days unless they request that we keep it on record in case they forget their password. it will not be used in any other way.
if a user decides to share, they can also indicate the state where the vehicle is driven, since weather and terrain can affect mpg.
important:  a user's newly added mpg data is neither shared nor used to calculate the national average mpg for that vehicle until it goes through an error-checking process. this process is typically performed each week.

log in
registered users can log in to view, edit, or add to their mpg data.
users can log in by:


entering their user name in the field under "registered user login" on the my mpg home page. this will be the user name they selected when they registered.


entering their password for the user name entered
clicking the "login" button

after logging in, they will be sent to the "my garage" page. 
users that forget their password can click "i forgot my password" to receive a password hint or to receive a new password.

i forgot my password
"my mpg" provides users with two kinds of help if they forget their password.

password hint: users can elect to enter a password hint during registration. this hint can be accessed later to help them remember their password.
get a new password: users can request that a new password be created for their account and e-mailed to them. this information can be sent to their registered e-mail address upon their request.


users can view their password hint by:

clicking "i forgot my password" on the my mpg home page. the "i forgot my password" form will be displayed.

entering their user name



clicking the "tell me my password" button. the password hint will then be displayed.




users can get a new password and have it sent to their e-mail address by:

clicking "i forgot my password" on the my mpg home page. the "i forgot my password" form will be displayed.

enter their user name or the e-mail address they used when they registered. (if they enter a user name, a new password will be sent. if they enter their e-mail address, their user name will also be sent with the new password.)


clicking the "send me a new password" button. an e-mail with the new login information will be sent to the user. (after logging in, users can change their password to something easier to remember by clicking "change my password" on the "my garage" page.


"my mpg" menu
 
a menu at the top of the "my mpg" pages allows users to quickly navigate to the following pages:

my garage: allows users to keep an inventory of their vehicles and to access tools for recording, calculating, and updating mpg information for each vehicle
shared mpg estimates: allows users to view mpg estimates shared by other users
logout: terminates the  "my mpg" session and returns the user to the "my mpg" home page.
help: opens a window that instructs the user how to use "my mpg" features (i.e., this help file)


my garage
"my garage" allows users to keep an inventory of their vehicles and to access tools for recording, calculating, and updating mpg information for each vehicle. other helpful tools are also available.

from this page, users can

add vehicles to and remove vehicles from their garage
change vehicle information (e.g., model year, make, configuration, etc.)
add, view and edit fuel purchase records for their vehicle(s) (automatically calculates mpg)
add, view and edit mpg estimates they have already calculated for their vehicle(s)
change their share preference
change their password

users can also

view on-line help for using "my mpg" features
view tips on maintaining a fuel purchase record and calculating mpg
print our form for recording fuel purchases


adding a vehicle
users can add vehicles to their garage selecting the vehicle's model year, make, model, and configuration from our vehicle database.
the fueleconomy.gov database currently includes cars and trucks from model year 1985 to the present. larger trucks, vans, and suvs not subject to fuel economy standards are not included in our database.
users can add a vehicle by:


going to the "my garage" page and clicking "add a vehicle to my garage."

this will take them to "add a vehicle to my garage."
users initially registering or entering the site as a guest go directly to the "add a vehicle to my garage" page rather than to the garage.


clicking on the model year of the vehicle



clicking on the vehicle's make (e.g., ford, toyota)



clicking on the vehicle's model (e.g., taurus, camry)



clicking the button next to the set of options that match their vehicle and clicking the "select" button at the bottom of the page. 

to select the correct option, users need to know specific information about their vehicle, such as transmission type (automatic or manual), number of cylinders, engine size (3.0 liter, 3.5 liter), drive type (two-wheel, four-wheel, or all-wheel drive), and other characteristics.              
if unsure, they can select their best guess and check the box that says "i'm not sure my selected option is correct." users can change the vehicle information later from the "my garage" page.
if unsure of an abbreviation used in the engine and transmission description, users can click on "explanation of engine and transmission descriptors" for more information. 


after users indicate the options that match their vehicle, the newly added vehicle should appear in the vehicle list on the "my garage" page.

removing a vehicle
users can permanently remove a vehicle from their garage. however, all of its associated mpg estimates and purchase records will be deleted and will no longer be shared.
users can remove a vehicle by:


clicking the delete button () in the upper right-hand corner of the vehicle box


a message box will be displayed warning them that the vehicle and all of its data will be removed.

they can click "ok" to remove the vehicle or click "cancel" to keep it in the garage.



changing vehicle configuration
users you can easily edit a vehicle's characteristics, such as model year, make, model, or engine and transmission configuration, without deleting the mpg or fuel purchase information that has already been entered for it. 
users can change the vehicle or vehicle configuration by:


clicking the pencil icon next to the vehicle information

this will bring up the same form used to add a vehicle to the garage.


clicking on the model year of the vehicle


clicking on the vehicle's make (e.g., ford, toyota)


clicking on the vehicle's model (e.g., taurus, camry)


clicking the button next to the set of options that match their vehicle and clicking the "select" button at the bottom of the page. 
if unsure about the options on the vehicle, they can select their best guess and check the box that says "i'm not sure my selected option is correct."


if unsure of an abbreviation used in the engine and transmission description, users can click on "explanation of engine and transmission descriptors" for more information. 

changing share preference
users can change their share preference at any time.  the share setting applies to all vehicles in the user's garage; it cannot be set for individual vehicles. the user's current share setting is shown on the right-hand side of the "my garage" page under "password and share preference."
users can change change their sharing preference by:


clicking "change my share preference" on the right-hand side of the "my garage" page
 

selecting the desired sharing preference. (more about sharing...)



if electing to share, entering their e-mail address so their decision to share data can be validated.

if electing to share, indicating the state in which the vehicle will be driven most often. this information is optional.

clicking the "change sharing option" button.



changing the password
users have the ability to change their password at any time.
users can change their password by:


clicking "change my password" on the right-hand side of the "my garage" page.

the "change my password" form will be displayed.



entering the old password.


entering the new password.


confirming the new password by re-typing it in the "new password confirmation" box.


clicking the "change my password" button.


a message will be displayed stating that the password has been updated. the user can click "return to my garage" to continue viewing or editing mpg data.


mpg estimates you have calculated – adding, viewing & editing
if the user has already calculated the mpg for a vehicle or they have an estimate from their car's digital dash, they can simply enter the mpg estimate. they can also indicate how the estimated mpg was calculated, when it was measured, and the driving conditions under which it was achieved. 
users can enter as many estimates as they wish, and previous estimates can be viewed, edited, or deleted.
users can view their mpg estimates by:
clicking the pencil icon or by clicking "mpg i have calculated" next to the desired vehicle in the garage.      
if the user has entered mpg estimates for the vehicle, the following data will be displayed:

a bar chart comparing the user's average mpg with epa fuel economy ratings for the vehicle
a line graph showing the user's mpg history for the vehicle
a table listing each of the user's mpg estimates for the vehicle


from this page the user can

add new mpg estimates
edit mpg estimates
delete mpg estimates

if the user has not yet entered an mpg estimate, an mpg entry form will be displayed, allowing them to enter the first estimate for the selected vehicle.

users can add new mpg estimates by:


on the "my garage" page, clicking "mpg i have calculated" in the box containing the desired vehicle.

if no estimates have been entered previously, the user can skip to step 3.
if the user has already entered an mpg estimate for the vehicle, the "my mpg estimates" page will be displayed.


on the "my mpg estimates" page, clicking the "add an mpg estimate to my data" button.

this displays the "my mpg information" form.


entering the mpg for the vehicle in the "miles per gallon" field. this is the only required field on the form.



(optional) entering data for any of the following optional data fields:


how estimated. using the pull-down list, the user can select the method used to estimate mpg.

"calculated mathematically" – the user calculated the mpg by dividing the miles driven by the gallons consumed.
"digital dash readout" – the user used the mpg estimated by the in-dash fuel economy estimator available on some vehicles.
"guess" – the user has a rough idea of the mpg based on recollection of past calculations or of digital dash readouts.
"other" – the user estimated mpg using some method not described above.


number of fill-ups. using the pull-down list, the user can indicate the number of fuel fill-ups used to estimate mpg.
when estimated. the user can enter the beginning and ending dates that reflect the period over which the mpg was estimated. dates can be entered using the keyboard or by clicking the small calendar icon, which pops up a calendar from which the user can select a date.
driving conditions. using either of the pull-down lists, the user can select the percentage of stop-and-go driving vs. highway driving that applies to the mpg estimate. this will obviously be a guess for many people, unless they drive full-time in either condition.
notes. this field is provided so the user can enter any comments that may be useful to them.



clicking the "save" button at the bottom of the form.


the new mpg data will be displayed along with any other previously entered data.

users can edit mpg estimates by:


clicking the pencil icon next to the record they wish to change. 

this displays the "my mpg information" form with the previously entered values in each field.



editing the data they want to change. (entering mpg estimates provides a description of the data fields.)


clicking the "save" button at the bottom of the form.



users can delete mpg estimates by:


clicking the delete button () next to the desired estimate. 

a message box will be displayed stating, "this record will be permanently deleted!"


clicking the "ok" to permanently delete the record.



after the desired record is deleted, the mpg information will be updated.

fuel purchase records – adding, viewing, editing, dowloading & uploading
users can record fuel purchase information, and my mpg will calculate the mpg for them and help them track their vehicle's mpg over time. users can view, add, and edit fuel purchase data from the "fuel purchase records" page. 
users can view the fuel purchase records page by going to the "my garage" page and clicking on "my fuel purchase records" next to the desired vehicle.
if the user has not previously entered fuel purchase data, a page will be displayed allowing the user to customize the fuel purchase form. once the user completes this form, a fuel purchase entry form will be displayed, allowing them to enter their first fuel purchase record for that vehicle.
if the user has previously entered data for the vehicle, the "my fuel purchase records" page will be displayed showing

a bar chart comparing the user's average mpg for the selected vehicle along with its epa fuel economy ratings
a line graph showing the user's mpg history for the selected vehicle
a table listing each of the user's fuel purchase records for the selected vehicle.


from this page the user can

add/insert fuel purchase records
edit fuel purchase records
delete fuel purchase records
indicate gaps between records where no data was collected/recorded
customize the fuel purchase form
download the data to their computer
upload data from their computer to my mpg
check for possible data errors


users can add/insert fuel purchase records by:


clicking "my fuel purchase records" next to the desired vehicle. the "fuel purchase records" page will be displayed.
the form for entering fuel purchase information is located at the bottom of the page. the information required for the form is based on the preferences set up by the user.



(optional) entering the fill-up date. 
the user can record the date on which the fuel purchase was made by entering the date using the keyboard or by clicking the small calendar icon  and choosing a date from the pop-up calendar.


entering the odometer reading at the time of purchase or distance traveled since last fill-up.
depending on the form customization options selected by the user, the form will either have a text box for entering the odometer reading or the distance traveled. 


entering the number of gallons purchased.


(optional) entering the fuel cost. this is the total cost (not per-gallon cost) for the fuel purchased at fill-up.


(optional) entering the driving conditions. using either of the pull-down lists, the user can select the percentage of stop-and-go driving vs. highway driving between this fill-up and the last. this will obviously be a guess for many people, unless they drive full-time in either condition.


clicking the "add record" button at the bottom of the data entry form.


the newly entered record will be added to the data table based on the odometer reading (if entered) or the date (if miles traveled between fill-ups was entered in the form). so, if the user has omitted a fuel purchase record he/she can simply add the new record and it will be placed in the proper location in the table.

users can delete fuel purchase records by:


clicking the delete button () next to the purchase record they want to delete.


a message box will be displayed stating, "this will permanently delete the record!" the user can click "ok" to permanently delete the record, or "cancel" to keep the record.



after a record is deleted, the fuel purchase data and resulting mpg will be updated on the fuel purchase records page.

users can edit fuel purchase records by:

clicking the pencil icon () next to the desired purchase record. this will take the user to the edit purchase records form, which will contain their previously entered data for the selected record. 
modifying, adding, or deleting the desired data items. (click here for a description of the data items.)
clicking the "save" button at the bottom of the form.

the user's fuel purchase data and resulting mpg will be automatically updated on the fuel purchase records page.

users can insert a "gap" record to indicate missing fuel purchase records by:


clicking the  icon on the record they want the gap inserted above.


a message will be displayed saying, "you are about to insert a gap record that indicates missing fuel purchase data." the user can click "ok" to insert the gap record, or click "cancel."


after a gap is added, it is indicated in the table by a line that spans across the table. the gap can be deleted by clicking the delete () button to the right of the line.
missing fuel purchase records cause my mpg to miscalculate mpg. inserting a gap lets the program know not to calculate mpg for the period between those two records.

users can download fuel purchase records by:


clicking the "download my fuel purchase data " button located above the fuel purchase records table on the fuel purchases page.

a message box will be displayed asking if the user would like to save or open the file.



clicking the "save" button on the message box.


choosing the file name and location where they would like to save the file, and clicking the "save" button.



note: these directions are based on the microsoft internet explorer browser. if the user is using a different browser, the necessary steps or button names may differ.
note: the file is downloaded as a *.csv file that can be  read by excel. while in excel, the user can select to save the file in *.xls  format if they wish to use formulas in the spreadsheet. formulas, text  formatting, and other excel features cannot be saved in *.csv format.

users can upload fuel purchase records by:


clicking the "upload my fuel purchases" button located above the fuel purchase records table on the fuel purchase records page.

the "upload my fuel purchase data" page will be displayed, describing the data format needed to upload fuel purchase records. the data must be contained in an excel file, and it must be arranged a specific way for the data to upload successfully. the bottom of the page contains a form that allows the user to indicate the name and location of the file that contains the records.



entering the path and file name of the excel file to be uploaded or clicking the "browse..." button, and selecting the name of the desired excel file.

clicking the "upload" button. the user will then receive a status report on the success of the upload, listng the number of records added and updated.


after the process is complete, the user can click "return to my fuel purchase records" to view their data.

note: the fuel purchase data will not upload correctly unless it is stored in an excel workbook file in the proper format.
you can download an excel template here and copy your data into it, or you can simply make sure your data conforms to the following requirements.

the sheet that contains the data must be the first sheet  in the workbook.

data items (excluding headers) must begin in the  following cells.


data item
cell
comment


date
a2
required


odometer reading / miles traveled
b2
required (see step 3 below)


gallons
c2
required


fill-up cost
d2
optional


city driving %
e2
optional


highway driving %
f2
optional


mpg
g2
optional (will be recalculated)


comments
h2
optional




the program will interpret the data in column b based on whether you selected to enter odometer  readings or miles since last fill-up when you added the vehicle to your garage. the only way to change the selection is to  delete your vehicle from the garage, re-create it, and re-select your preferred  method of entering data.



users can check for possible data errors by:


looking at the "data check" column for each record on the fuel purchase display page. if the record has a potential problem, a warning icon () will be displayed. in addition, one of the data items may be highlighted with a red background to help the user locate the error.



clicking on the warning icon (). a window will be displayed warning the user of the potential problem(s) with the record.


after the user has finished reading the warning message, they can simply click the close button in the upper-right-hand corner of the window.


users can customize the fuel purchase form by:


clicking "my fuel purchases" next to the desired vehicle on the "my garage" page. the "my fuel purchase records" page will be displayed.


clicking the "customize my form" button located above the fuel purchase records on the fuel purchases page.

the "fuel purchase form customization" page will be displayed.

if the user has not yet entered data for this vehicle, this page will display before the "fuel purchase records" page is displayed.


selecting the preferred method of recording fuel purchase data.
once this option has been selected and saved, it cannot be changed.


selecting which, if any, optional data fields they would like displayed on the fuel purchase form.

total cost of fuel ($) - allows users to track annual fuel costs
driving conditions (stop & go vs. highway driving) - allows users to track how their gas mileage varies under different driving conditions 

users can choose to include these fields on their fuel purchase form even if they do not plan to use them. also, the user can change these options at any time.


clicking the "continue" button at the bottom of the page.




shared mpg estimates
users can view mpg estimates from other drivers by:


clicking "shared mpg estimates" on the my mpg menu.



selecting the vehicle make.



selecting the model.



selecting the model year and configuration (e.g., engine size, transmission, etc.) from a list of vehicles of that make and model.



summary statistics for the selected vehicle will be displayed, along with mpg averages for each driver sharing data.
note: it may take as long as a week for your newly submitted mpg information to be displayed or updated.



