


money loans, investors, venture capital financing, credit, investment






home
  |  
e-mail
  |  
site map
  |  
imprint
  |  
technique
  |  


deutsch
  |  
log-in
  |  













here you have the opportunity to
find financiers for your projects.
we provide you with capital, so you can
  - implement new business ideas
  - create your own company
  - restructure your business
  - commercialize your patents
  - or new aquisitions
here you will find
  - limited or general partners
  - investors
  - opportunities for joint-ventures
  - loans for business establishment

 - schriftgröße
 - geschwindigkeit (st. ist 100)



stop scrolltext by mouse click!


if you need money for your projects, venture capital to set up, expand or restructure your business, or investors to implement new ideas, you will find the ideal partners here.
proma-investment, one of the largest databanks worldwide, comprises thousands of investors. click here for more information.























find the best money loans for business or private use. our database comprises thousands of contacts to private investors for venture capital financing. learn how to get funding for your business, start-up or financial reorganization from private investors. get the best offers for your credit. for investors we offer the best investment for your needs free of charge. you will also find contact to business angels, angel investors, investment firms. lots of information for entrepreneurs and investors.
proma - investment is one of the biggest databases worldwide. our service could help many entrepreneurs in the past to get funds for their enterprises and to find the right partners for their business.
it applies to you to convince the potential partners. therefore you should try to see your project with their eyes. the earlier you get in contact to the them the better. in discussions with potential fund providers you will learn what is important for them and what they require.
the first thing is the idea and the plan how to realize it. all has to be conclusive and practicable. possible problems, if there are no solutions for, will deter funding partners. your concept has to stand a critical inspection of specialists. as important as the idea and the concept there are the people behind the project. lenders don´t put money into ideas, but in the team that realizes the ideas. no matter for what you are looking for funds you don´t sell your project only, you always sell your personality as well. so you should be able to explain why especially you, your team or your leading personal are able to bring a project to a successful conclusion.
for a start-up a detailed concept in writing, called a business plan is indispensable. the business plan is more than only a description of a project. it is the realisation concept, it provides information about the management of a company, contains resources of turnover and expenses, of profits and growth of the business.
investor,
sponsor-agent,
farm land property for sale north queensland australia
top-model casting,
top-model casting,
pornstar-casting,
pornostar-casting,
german investors,
finanzierungen,
private investoren, risikokapital, venture capital, vermittlung, geldgeber,
venture capital sources,
money loans for startups,
startup financing,
existenzgruendung,
special grants for startups,
sponsor-service,
private investors,
government grants,
venture capital,
reorganisation of companies,
investor search,
money loans,
venture capital,
find an investor,
get money loans,
german financing site,
info for founder,
refinancing equity loans,
small business loans,
small business ideas,
free bad credit personal loans,
government small business grants,
womens small business grants,
make business plan,
small business grants,
home equity loans refinancing,
home equity loans refinance credit,
steps to starting a small business,
starting small business,
free grants,
free government grants,
personal loans for people with bad credit,
refinancing equity loans


introduction |
                  about us |
                   references




your advantages |
                  what we offer |
                   how it works |
                   frequently asked questions |
                   data security




form |
                  instruction |
                   ssl encoding |
                   what next? |
                   terms of use




start successfully |
                  company forms |
                   forms of partnership |
                   business plan




your advantages |
                  how it works |
                   form |
                   data security |
                   ssl encoding









                                subscribe to our newsletter and get regularly the newest
                                information about

                                money procurement free of charge.enter your e-mail address here:











invest in proma.net |
                  webmaster opportunities |
                   become a proma.net agent








