



cincinnati mensa - welcome


























toggle navigation




cincinnati mensa




testing >

general testing
october testing


events
rg

programs >

scholarship
gifted youth
culture quest



awards >

jazz



members >

connect
archives
minutes
mencinnatians
excomm
local group officers
photo gallery
standing orders
bylaws
directory


contact





welcome


cincinnati area mensa
otherwise known as cam, is a local chapter of american mensa, ltd.  it is located within region 3 of american mensa, and serves the greater cincinnati and surrounding areas in ohio, kentucky and indiana.
please feel free to look around.  we have many events open to the interested public.
american mensa
the organization for smart people like you.  with more than 57,000 members, american mensa is the largest national mensa operating under the auspices of mensa international, ltd. there are currently more than 100,000 members worldwide, and an estimated six million americans are eligible for mensa membership.
members of american mensa range in age from 2 to 102. they include engineers, homemakers, teachers, actors, athletes, students and ceos, and they share only one trait — high intelligence. to qualify for mensa, they scored in the top 2 percent of the general population on an accepted standardized intelligence test.
as a member, you have the opportunity to meet other smart people at local, regional and national levels. you can attend entertaining, intellectually stimulating events and exchange ideas with others through a variety of publications and our online community. you can also work to help others in your community by volunteering for community-oriented activities and working with the mensa foundation. and you can take advantage of our variety of member benefits and services.
membership
membership in american mensa can be obtained in two ways:

you may take the mensa admission test. 
you may present prior qualifying test scores within the top 2%.

please see the testing page for more information!   testing dates are listd on our events page and calendar.

 


copyright © 2016 cincinnati area mensa.
updated 2019-03-18.
      




