







cape kiwanda rv park | pacific city, oregon coast rv camping
































































































































              home
            

              rv sites
            

              van & tent sites
            

        cottages
      

        cabins
      

              marketplace
            

              park amenities
            

              explore
            

        reserve now
      









































































homerv sitesvan & tent sitescottagescabinsmarketplacepark amenitiesexplorereserve now








































park, stay & play
in pacific city on the oregon coast









dip in and stay awhile
enjoy all of our park amenities









discover our neighborhood
and camp in style









just steps from the beach
park, explore, repeat









pack your bags
and discover pacific city












discover your perfect home baseperfectly situated amidst the magical and rugged natural beauty of oregon's north coast, yet tucked away, our rv, van, and tent sites offer an ideal home base for your coastal getaway. bring the whole family, including the doggie, plan a reunion with friends, or run away to the coast with your favorite person. our endless beaches, dramatic capes, forested trails and scenic coastal routes are yours to discover. 


















stay with us













rv sites we’ve got plenty of space for rvs from 30 to 45 feet, with pull-through and back-in spots. each site is equipped with full hookups along with a fire pit and picnic table.weekly rates available




    view rv sites
  













van & tent sites bring your camper van, pop-up camper, or tent and set up camp along the edge of a quiet shore pine forest with  access to the pacific city pathways trail. your site includes its own fire pit and picnic table.




    view van & tent sites
  













park amenitiesamenities include cruiser bikes and beach wagons from the gear shop; access to the indoor pool and hot tub; putting course; indoor games at the club house; coin-op laundry; the marketplace for all your groceries and camping gear; and more.




    view amenities
  

 


    looking for a cottage, cabin, or airstream? please visit our sister property, hart’s camp.
  











discover the north coasttake the slow and scenic route through beautiful small towns that dot our rugged coastline, stopping to explore culinary delights, hidden trails, and breathtaking vistas. seeking an adrenaline-filled getaway? from hiking and biking to surfing and kayaking, you’ll find plenty of adventurous activities to check off your must-experience list.




    explore more
  






















































































































gallery



journey



stay with us



explore our neighborhood








 






















beach wheelchairs | contact us | terms & conditions  | careers | view live beachcam33305 cape kiwanda drive pacific city, or 97135   |  503.965.6230   |  info@capekiwandarvresort.comrv, van, and tent sites are available year round. weekly rates available.

 









 









subscribe for news and updates
straight from pacific city, oregon




email address






sign up





thank you!





© 2025 cape kiwanda rv park, operated by noble house hotels & resorts. all rights reserved.

 


















