




calibration & certification by r. a. electrical services




























your browser does not support script















 


















          the test equipment & calibration specialists



          toll free:  1-866-fastlab
cage code 3sgv9








































 








 



































r.a.e.s. 
        calibration services has served the industry with calibration, repair and
        
        n.i.s.t. traceable certification of electrical, electronic, medical, 
        optical, telecommunication, test instrumentation for many years; catering 
        for most specialized parameters such as porosity, ph, ultrasound, ultraviolet, 
        infrared, visible light, absolute power, attenuation, insertion loss, 
		return loss, sensitivity, optical length/distance, index of refraction 
		ior, wavelength / frequency, linearity, stability, chirp, phase, 
		chromatic dispersion, pdl, pmd, skew, delay time, strain, relative humidity, gloss, flow, force, acceleration, 
        torque, weights as well as the standard parameters such as temperature, 
        pressure, voltage, current, resistance, frequency, capacitance, inductance, 
        power . we have now added equipment in for optical calibrations covering 
        from 440nm to 1650nm lasers and l.e.d. sources as well as power meters attenuators, 
        and return loss meters. we are constantly adding to our wide range of calibration 
        services.documentation
        our calibration services documentation and test reports show calibration 
        information such as "as found" and "as left" data, next scheduled calibration, 
        etc with calibration documentation. we are continuously adding standards 
        that facilitate our commitment to maintain a state-of-the-art environment. 
        our labs are environmentally controlled for humidity as well as temperature 
        all year round. we are dedicated to providing our clients the best service 
        available at the lowest possible cost. full data (long form certification) 
        is provided free of charge with all our calibration services.
customer support
        you can rely on r.a.e.s. calibration services to keep accurate records of 
        all instrument calibrations. if any certificate 
        of calibration is missing or has been destroyed by the help of our customer 
        support agent you can get a duplicate certificate. our computerized certification 
        system has solved tracking problems by electronically recording all calibration 
        services. the software used is tailor made for our company and by help of 
        our customer support agent through this system; clients are promptly notified 
        that their instruments are due for calibration service. in addition they 
        may talk to our customers from time to time to ensure a close contact is 
        kept and any new calibration services are conveyed with minimum of intrusion. 
        they will also liaise the arrangements required for certain on site calibration 
        services.
collection and delivery
        part of our calibration service is free collection and is offered to customers 
        with annual contacts within 50 miles radius of our office. please talk to 
        one of our customer support agent for details. the normal turn-around time 
        is five (5) to seven (7) business days anywhere within the usa. at an additional 
        cost we provide an expedite service for those occasions where you need a 
        quicker turn-around. our weekend turn around suits clients who need their 
        instruments at all times and can only send them out for calibration service 
        during a weekend shutdown. deliveries of all calibrated instruments to anywhere 
        in the usa is free of charge.
traceability
        all our calibration services are directly traceable to
        
        n.i.s.t. our primary calibration standards are sent for calibration, 
        in accordance with n.i.s.t. requirements and based on regular schedule as 
        defined by our quality assurance manual. only approved laboratories and 
        n.i.s.t themselves are used for these calibration services. ansi/iso/iec 
        17025 is an international standard that contains all of the requirements 
        that testing and calibration laboratories have to meet if they wish to demonstrate 
        that they operate a quality system, are technically competent, and are able 
        to generate technically valid results. the iso 17025 standard is focused 
        on legally responsible entities that provide test and calibration services, 
        either as a stand-alone business or as part of a larger organization. laboratories 
        accredited to iso/iec guide 25 or seeking accreditation must have conformed 
        to iso 17025 by december 2001. the quality manual of r.a.e.s. calibration 
        services does comply with this standard.
gloss meter calibration
        all our calibration services are directly traceable to
        
        n.i.s.t. we offer gloss meter calibration for all gloss meters.see details at http://glossmetercalibration.com






brands supported
        r.a.e.services inc. supports a broad range of brands which includes, but 
		is not limited to: 3m photodyne, acterna, advantest, agilent, alcoa 
		fujikura, ameritec, ando, anritsu, associated research, astro-med, 
		atlantic research, ballantine, booton electronics, bruel & kjaer, 
		california instruments, druck, elgar, equilent, exfo, fluke corp., giga-tronics, 
		gn nettest, gould instrument systems, greenlee, hewlett packard hp, 
		hipotronics, huntron, ifr, jdsu, keithley, krohn-hite, laser precision, 
		lucent, lecroy, marconi instruments, motorola, newport, nortel, noyes, 
		opto-electronics, pacific measurement, philips, photom, photon kinetics, 
		photonetics, racal instruments, rifocs, rohde-schwarz, schlumberger-solartron, 
		scientific-atlanta, shaffner, shimadzu, siemens, sorensen, tekelec, 
		tektronix, tempo, wandell & golterman, wavetek, wiltron, yokogawa.


  














home
  | industries | services | about
  us | request a quote | site map | contact
   | privacy
   




copyright ? 2000-2008 raelectrical.com last modified
  07-jan-2008
   




 



 




 


  at r.a.e. services inc., we provide 
  

  complete metrology solutions for calibration 
  and repair of electrical, medical, optical, telecommunication, and process control 
  instrumentation to meet most of the standards and quality systems requirements.
  ? 
  ansi / ncsl z540-1-1994(r2002)
  ? 
  former 
  mil-std 45662a 
  ? 
  n.i.s.t.
  ? 
  iso/iec 17025/2005



  ? 
  iso 9002 compliant



    ? 
  iso 10012-1 compliant



  ? 
  iso 9000/2008 compliant

