





			dma
		



















department of military affairs
always ready - always there









dma home


director's office
director's office

director's office home
budget and finance

human resources
human resources

hr home
careers



information technology
information technology

help desk
knowledge base
surplus it property


military family relief fund



des


mvad
mvad

mvad home
state veteran cemeteries
veteran benefits
administrative office
volunteer
license plates



youth challenge


starbase
starbase

starbase home
curriculum

starbase fort harrison
starbase fort harrison

starbase fort harrison
information for teachers 
information for parents
volunteer opportunities 
starbase advanced program
outreach events 
summer camps
location 
starbase fort harrison in the news



starbase great falls 
starbase great falls 

outreach events 
starbase advanced program
starbase great falls
summer camps
volunteer opportunities 


starbase events & programs



cfmo
cfmo

cfmo home
environmental bureau
contracts management
facilities management bureau
design & project management bureau
plans and programming bureau
resource management bureau



national guard
national guard

mt national guard
air guard
army guard
grip
mtng benefits




















welcome to the department of military affairs website. we are committed to serving the citizens of montana and providing support during times of natural disaster or emergency.






for the department of military affairs employee directory, please click here.











 

 


 



 

refer a friend to the montana national guard and receive $1,000 upon their enlistment.
click here for details!


 
 




 

 










 



                                        director's office
                                    


 

 



                                        disaster and emergency services
                                    


 

 



                                        veteran affairs
                                    


 

 



                                        youth challenge academy
                                    


 

 



                                        starbase
                                    


 

 



                                        construction and facilities management office
                                    


 

 



                                        montana national guard
                                    


 

 



                                        information technology
                                    


 









 



                                        legislative materials and strategic plans
                                    


 









public information requests




for all public information requests, please contact the office of public information requests:





visit - https://opir.mt.gov/
email - publicrecords@mt.gov
call - 406.444.2686.







our missions:
federal – to serve as the primary federal reserve force in support of the national security objectives when called upon by the president of the united states. state – protection of life property, preservation of peace, order and public safety for montana’s citizens, when called upon by the governor. community – participate in local, state, and national programs that add value to america. you are our most important customers. we would like to hear from you so don’t hesitate to contact us for information or if you have suggestions that would make your visit here more informative and worthwhile. agency description – the department of military affairs oversees all activities of the army and air national guard, disaster and emergency services division, and provides administrative support to the veterans affairs division, which is administratively attached to the department. the department is administered by the adjutant general and his staff, as provided for in section 2-15-1202, mca. the department manages a joint federal-state program that keeps in readiness trained and equipped military organizations for the governor in the event of a state emergency and the president in the event of a national emergency. federal agencies control the military strength and mobilization missions of the montana guard. the department also plans for and coordinates state responses in disaster and emergency situations (title 10, chapter 3, mca). the department administers an environmental program for the army national guard. the department manages and cooperates with state and federal agencies in providing statewide services for discharged veterans and their families (title 10 chapter 2, mca).
 
contact information:
department of military affairs1956 mt majo street p.o. box 4789fort harrison, mt 59636-4789(406) 324-3000








accessibility     contact us

















