










home - jam tse dhargyey ling buddhist centre










































facebook


 












home
about

our sangha
our centre
beginning
enlightenment stupa
sand mandala
himalayan trading post


programme

calendar
puja’s
teachings, events, courses.


sponsorship

sponsorship
sponsor a tibetan monk, nun or lay student


teachings
gallery
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 












a warm welcome to the website ofjam tse dhargyey lingtibetan buddhist centre

“centre from which love and compassion flourishes”








jam tse dhargyey ling is a tibetan buddhist centre of study and meditation (pronounced jum say dah gee ling).
translated from tibetan this is centre from which love and compassion flourishes.
it is run by the jam tse dhargyey trust.
with commanding views of whangarei city and its harbour and surrounded by native bush, you will find the centre at the top of parakiore road in whangarei, northland, new zealand.
jam tse dhargyey ling is privileged to be the home of three resident tibetan monks:
ven. geshe sangey thinley, our resident spiritual teacher and qualified buddhist master;ven. karma gyasey, geshe sangey thinley’s attendant and interpreter;ven. nyima gyaltsen, thangka painter and teacher.
through the wisdom of these kind and compassionate sangha members, our centre is able to offer teachings and dharma activities for the benefit of all beings.
you are most welcome to visit us, take part in any of our activities, wander in our beautiful gardens, stroll through our native bush and walk up to the stupa (peace monument). the views from here are breathtakingly magnificent and well worth the small climb.
our opening hours are 10 am to 5 pm daily.  to ensure your visit is an enjoyable one, please contact us to make an appointment and someone will meet you on arrival.
 
 








our sangha



jam tse dhargyey ling is privileged to be the home of three resident tibetan monks:ven. geshe sangey thinley, our resident spiritual teacher and qualified buddhist master;ven. karma gyasey, geshe sangey thinley’s attendant and interpreter;ven. nyima gyaltson, thangka painter and teacher.











geshe-la



ven. geshe sangey thinley, fondly known as geshe-la, is jam tse dhargyey ling’s resident spiritual teacher.geshe-la is a highly skilled teacher who has attained the highest level of education in the tibetan monastic system. geshe-la was born in the kham province of eastern tibet in 1941. when he was seven he was enrolled in the dhargyey monastery to begin his studies.



read more









ven. karma gyasey
 


ven. karma gyasey





ven. nyima gyaltsen
 


ven. nyima gyaltsen






find out more







about our centre

jam tse dhargyey ling is a tibetan buddhist centre of study and meditation (pronounced jum say dagee ling), and translated from tibetan: centre from which love and compassion flourishes.
 
 

read more



teachings

we offer teachings, events, courses, retreats, and workshops. click below to find out more about all our events and see our calendar.
 
 
 

read more



calendar

please check the calendar regularly for changes, especially before attending an event/class etc.
 
 

view calendar









om mani padme hum
the six syllable mantra for universal love, compassion & wisdom.







get in touch

dharmanewzealand@gmail.com
159 parakiore road, kamo, rd6 whangarei,
northland, new zealand.









first name


last name


email address


message




submit













 










facebook


website by gray media ltd 















