



strickly salsa entertainment : a mix of latin entertainment and dance instruction





























  resume:

career highlights
press room
testimonials
factsheet







select your language:




























strickly salsa, founded and directed by the gomez family provides high quality service in live latin entertainment and dance instruction.

			at strickly salsa, our goal is to capture the richness of all latin american cultures and present our audiences with our own, high energy, unique mix of latin entertainment.
			
				fun! fun! fun! our instructors build your confidence and grace on the dance floor by teaching all the hot, latin moves.			
				


				• dance performances in  all latin themes and others
				• dance instruction at   corporate or private   functions
				• darty starters
				• disc jockey services
				• live music
				• audio mixing
				• choreographies
				• productions
				• event coordination
				• film sets
				• marketing &   public relations





			news




new classescome in for drop-in lessons on sundays. beginners/intermediate 2pm to 3:30pm.
click here for more details

call to register today!







we are looking for trained dancers to audition for a dance production willingness to travel abroad is a must. please submit your resume via e-mail only. 


come in for a free private lesson (salsa/tango)
 so we can assess your skill level and your dancing needs.














welcome
about us
latin entertainment
bookings
lessons

estore
demo clip
gallery
contact us
mailing list
 







	testimonial #15




  			"albert gomez and natalli reznick..."when this upbeat, attractive dance duo entertained guests at our home, everyone present was delighted. they know how to get everyone up on their feet, their steps are simple to follow and they make it fun by throwing in line dances anyone can do. having strickly salsa at a party turns it into a memorable special occasion!"ellie tesher, toronto star syndicated advice columnist.


 











			to see a sample of our performances use the links below. a full sample dvd is available and you can contact us for more information on how to purchase it.click here to play our demo video clip.


 







   © 1998-2005, strickly salsa entertainment
another website by graphically correct media   















