







pools & spas a go-go




























































        
          
            pools & spas a go-go
          
        
      








































cart
















0






sign in
my account




















              home
            

            pools & hot tubs
          

            chemicals & equipment
          

            services
          

            our work
          

            hours & locations
          

            we're hiring!
          











































sign in
my account












cart
















0











homepools & hot tubschemicals & equipmentservicesour workhours & locationswe're hiring!





                
                  
                    pools & spas a go-go
                  
                
              
your friendly neighborhood pool experts



































































your friendly neighborhoodpool expertswe have been family owned and operated since 1965, and have remained committed to customer satisfaction ever since. excelling in personalized customer service, we offer a variety of pool and spa services, as well as an array of pool accessories and products. we pride ourselves on our attentiveness to our customers and community by delivering quality products with expert care.








 









 








pools & spas a go-go, berkley, early 1970’s





our storyfirst opening in berkley, michigan in 1965, we began as a slot car emporium called speed a go-go. shortly after, we started selling aboveground swimming pools and pools a go-go was born! by 1969, we had expanded to utica and introduced spas into our product line. in 1997, we opened our third location in rochester hills, and as spas became an integral part of our business we felt it was time to bring “spas” into our name. since 1965, pools and spas a go-go has been owned and operated by the bishop family, and our commitment to our customers has allowed us to remain leaders in the metro detroit pool and spa community.








our team

 











steve bishopowner          steve starting working at pools a go-go in 1976 for his dad and uncle who started the business in 1965.  he worked his way up to manager and eventually bought into the business in the early 90’s. soon after, steve joined his dad in buying out his uncle from the business, and not long after that steve and his brother tom bought out their dad. this buyout ushered in the new era of pools and spas a go-go, and we’ve been focused on making dream backyards a reality ever since! 

 


“we pride ourselves in keeping this family business thriving.  we’ve dedicated our specialized knowledge of pools and spas to helping our loyal customers enjoy their own backyard with ease!”

— steve bishop













tom bishopgeneral managertom has worked at pools & spas a go-go most of his life - starting as soon as he could carry a case of liquid chlorine!  he worked full time every summer of high school and college at the berkley store.  after graduating with his bachelor’s degree in marketing from michigan state university, tom ventured out to manage the rochester store when it was first opened.  he has since worked his way back to the berkley location and enjoys working with young kids in the same community his three boys are growing up in.













caren starkoffice manager, accounts payablecaren has worked at pools & spas a go-go most of her life. she started working in the summers of high school and college as a cashier and lab technician at the berkley store. after college, she pursued other jobs, but found her way back to pools in 1994 and has been with us ever since. after starting a family, she began to work part time and still does. she enjoys working at pools & spas a go-go because it is a part of her family, literally…she works with two of her brothers, an uncle, a cousin, a niece and a nephew.













laura shelloffice manager, service coordinatorlaura has been a loyal employee since 1982. she began as a cashier and lab technician in the berkley store. while attending college, she continued to work as a salesperson and helped in the office. after completing  her degree, she worked full time in the office as the assistant manager. she got married and started a family and continued working part time. laura helped start our pool service department and is in charge of the scheduling. she enjoys working at pools & spas a go-go because she likes helping her service customers and loves working with her father and cousins.













grant hordstore manager, rochester hillsgrant entered the pool business in 1970, installing above ground pools.  he started working at pools & spas a go-go in 1973 managing the utica store and designing our in-ground vinyl liner and gunite pools. his knowledge of above ground pools, in-ground pool construction, filters, pumps and heaters is invaluable. he has been a loyal team member and a mentor to our employees for many years including his wife, daughter, niece, nephews, grandson and granddaughter.













dave glossonstore manager, uticadave has been with pools a go-go since 2004. he started in the warehouse, then moved over to the parts department and is now managing the utica store. always a friendly face, dave enjoys solving pool and spa problems and is so good at it that he has gained the nickname “the wizard!”













isabelle bishopdigital media directorwith steve as her dad, isabelle was never too far removed from pools a go-go,  but she officially started working for the family business in 2019. although she is currently pursuing her phd in philosophy, she continues to manage pools a go-go’s online presence, keeping us up to date in the digital world. 

 






new gallery



summary



large image



new page



new page














contact us



facebookinstagram




berkley2750 twelve mile rd berkley, mi 48072(248)398-4577



rochester hills3100 s rochester rd rochester hills, mi 48307(248)852-8900



utica48270 van dyke aveutica, mi 48317(586)739-5333

  









 






