






 






discover berkovich/nano indenters and diamond knives













































 



















home
nano indenters

view the types
view the holders
detailed specifications

our materials
know the tolerances
photographs
spherical and rounded cone


handling & cleaning
request a quote


diamond knives

view the types
boat style & details
diamond knife manual
exchange & resharpening
hand crafted delivery case
request a quote


about bruker
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 











micro star technology
diamond instruments for microscopy and nano technology














nano indenters
micro star makes a variety of nano indenters following defined standards. they also make custom requested geometries with customer-defined dimensions. 
– learn more – 








diamond knives
micro star makes seven different styles of diamond knives from carefully selected natural diamonds. each of these can be mounted into five different boat styles. 
– learn more – 









diamond and other materials
diamond is the primary material for nano indentation. only single crystal diamond, free of impurities or inclusions is used. most micro star diamond nano indenters are shaped at one end of a large square section prism, as seen on some of the illustrations.
diamond indenters are accurately aligned with the atomic crystal orientation such that the axis is in line with the 100 directions. one face of 3-sided and all four faces of 4-sided indenters follow the 100 crystal direction. other crystal orientations are available at customer request.






diamond knife exchange & resharpening
exchange any brand – all types of diamond knives from any manufacturer (including micro star), of any age or size, are accepted in exchange for a new micro star diamond knife. if we can resharpen the diamond knife as is, we charge the resharpen price. if the diamond is badly damaged or the knife cannot otherwise be resharpened, it will be replaced at our exchange price.
resharpening service – regardless of the age or size, most diamond knifes are accepted for resharpening, if the diamond is not damaged beyond repair. it will be refurbished to the same micro star guaranteed flawless quality and the same angle and size of your original knife. if these standards cannot be met, a new diamond will be sent at no extra cost.







need consulting or a quotation?contact us today!  we are here to help.





indenter quote?
– learn more –



diamond knife quote?
– learn more –



knife exchange service?
– learn more –









micro star technology
511 fm 3179 roadhuntsville, tx 77340tel: 936 291 6891





please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastcompany / institution *email: *what best describes my current situationlearning: expanding my knowledgesearching: investigating technologies for my applicationsinvesting: buying in one yearpurchasing: actively in the buying processadditional coments *privacy notice  &  terms of use *i agree to the below statementby submitting this form, i confirm that i would like to be contacted by micro star technologies (a bruker organization).  i have taken note of the website privacy notice and i agree to the terms of use of this web sitesubmit 












follow usyoutubefacebooktwitterlinkedin



terms of useimprintprivacy noticeukmsacookie notice




 








© copyright bruker 2024                                           |  511 fm 3179 road |  huntsville, tx 77340 





























