

pewter manor - pewter figurines & more!



 please refresh your browser to make sure you're seeing the most updated version of our site!
the pages may not look correct if you are using google chrome. try using mozilla firefox.

we use paypal, a secure and safe site, to process all orders.






where you find the extra, not the ordinary! 
everything on our site is a collectible, not a toy! 
if you love pewter figurines such as fairies, dragons, wizards, castles,
unicorns, knights, and reapers, you've come to the right place!  
 
we have a huge selection listed below... we bet you'll find something you like! 

the prices for the embellished figurines and gifts we offer
are some of the lowest you will find on the internet. 
  
please note...we only accept credit cards through our on-line shopping cart.
we are not set up to take credit card orders over the phone. 
 




please note...
			we do not ship outside of the united states.
			 





we do not appraise, price or buy private collections.
nor can we tell you what to insure your figurines for. 
look for the      for sale items!!!  
 




ordering a gift for someone?  
if you want your order shipped as a gift to another address, let us know
and we will leave out the packing slip and even include a note.
			just let us know what you'd like to say and we'll take care of the rest!
			 




 

  
99% of our pewter figurines are made in the united states and contain no lead.
the remaining 1%  are from other countries and contain a composition of lead and other alloys.
if you have questions about any of our figurines, don't hesitate to contact us.   
special orders and custom orders are not returnable.
 










 
we accept many forms of payment through paypal.

~~select a category to view~~

               

               

               

              

             
 


    
 


      
    
 





we do not manufacture any of the pewter on
our site and, therefore,
			cannot change the size of any item.
because all of the figurines are embellished by us in our studio,
			we will need a few days to work on your order and appreciate your patience.
   
we ship daily   except for sundays and holidays.

the agate size and color may vary from what's on our site
			depending on what we have available at the time.

			crystals may also vary depending on what's in stock.

			if there's something you need quickly, or if you're ordering a large
			number of any of our figurines, please email us to make sure it's in
			stock and available before placing your order.

there is no paper catalog available and we do not sell wholesale.

  

attention california residents. proposition 65. warning:
			consuming foods or beverages that have been kept or served in leaded crystal
			products or handling products made of leaded crystal will expose you to lead, a
			chemical known to the state of california to cause birth defects    or other reproductive harm.
			 





     

as you browse through our site, keep in mind that each pewter figurine is meticulously hand-painted and embellished by us in our home studio.   the figurines are accented with swarovski® and/or austrian crystals.  remember that each figurine will vary slightly from the ones shown here because each is embellished one at a time making each piece truly unique and yours alone. 
 
most of our pewter figurines are fantasy and mythical in nature.  our pewter figures make beautiful gifts for any occasion and almost any age.  we are happy to create special pieces for weddings.  please let us know what your needs are (whether for a rehearsal dinner, wedding cake top or wedding favors) and we'll work with you to make your day a memorable one.  
  
whether you're looking for something unique for a special gift, a family reunion, a wedding or anniversary favor, or a special promotional gift or award, we think you'll find something suitable here.  we're very flexible and will work with you to make whatever the event or occasion a memorable one for all.
  
we offer many of our detailed pewter figurines accented with colorful crystal balls and/or crystals but otherwise left unembellished (free of any paint and not mounted on a brazilian agate).  be sure to check out the many categories available! 
   

 





 
			information  about  shipping  charges

shipping charges for orders above $200.00 are done on an individual basis
			and depend on the weight as well as the total dollar amount.
			when paying through paypal, you will automatically be charged $27.00 for shipping.
			this amount will be credited toward the actual shipping charge yet to be determined.
if you're placing a large order, please notify us first
			so you can find out what the shipping charge will be.

if you place a large order without notifying us first,
			we reserve the right to send you a payment request for the additional monies
			due for shipping or to refund your payment.
important note
 
if the address you provide is incorrect and the package is returned to us,
			additional shipping will need to be paid before we reship.
			the original shipping fee will be subtracted from any refund
			that may be sent to you.
			 





 
 

  
   ---thank you for visiting and please come again--- 
if you like this site, please bookmark it.
   

  
all rights reserved - pewter manor © - 1996-2025
last updated on february 15, 2025

all text and images on this site are protected by copyright and may not be reproduced,
copied, projected, used or altered in any way, alone or with any other image(s).
 



