




beaver street gallery: specializing in contemporary sculpture










beaver street gallery





home i current shows i archive i 
	beta archive i gallery collection i artist list i d.b. harton portfolio i bsg press i information i contact us 










    







about beaver street gallery
open since 2001, beaver street is northern
    arizona’s premier fine arts gallery, with scheduled exhibitions year-round. 
    beaver street gallery represents artists from both the us and abroad, and in addition,
    bsg’s own collection includes work by some of the best, and best-known, contemporary
    artists from around the world, including rudy autio, christo and jean claude, jun kaneko,
    paul soldner, peter voulkos, andy warhol, and betty woodman, among others.
we closed our final exhibitions in 2015 and no 
	longer maintain our brick-and-mortar facility.  feel free to contact us 
	through our website.
please contact us
    regarding purchase of any work shown on this site, and be sure to check out our books.






 


our mission beaver street’s primary mission is to bring the best in
    contemporary two- and three-dimensional art and artists to northern arizona from around the world,
    and to feature work by both known and emerging artists, young and old. 
    also, as part of bsg’s ongoing commitment to the community, we plan to reserve
    some time each year to exhibit work by young artists from our local schools, and to host
    special participatory events, such as workshops in sculpture and ceramics.  and, just for fun, we also promise to mount at
    least one “surprise” show each year. 
beaver street gallery 
	discussions ("meet the
    artist" programs)  
beaver street gallery workshops

please contact us regarding topics
    you'd like to see at future discussions or workshops.

______________________
	notice: 
    we have closed our accounts 
	on facebook, instagram, and twitter. 
 we 
	withdrew from these platforms as a protest, a protest against attempts to 
	control us in every possible way: our thoughts, our actions, our opinions. 
	we deeply resent that some arrogant and 
	inadequately educated individuals are taking control of our culture, and 
	attempting to take control of our government. 
	so far, unfortunately, it looks like they 
	are succeeding pretty well. 
	we must not forget: no one side is always 
	right; no one side is always wrong. 
	we the people are capable of deciding for 
	ourselves.
 





















our current shows











 
 
 
 
 







	november 7, 2014 - february 27, 2015

our fourth winter showcase







	 

     








	september 5, 2014 - february 27, 2015

david b. harton

wall sculpture in fiberglass















 
 














send mail to info@beaverstreetgallery.com with questions
or comments about this web site.
copyright  2004-14  beaver street gallery
last modified: 
january 16, 2021 

 


