








environmental consulting, engineering & training - emi alaska



























































































training  907.272.8852
consulting & engineering  907.272.9336










training

course descriptions
class calendar & registration
class prices
classroom rentals
testimonials
student log in
my courses


consulting

our consulting services
assessments and remediation
occupational safety services
hazardous materials
permitting & natural resources planning


engineering
working with us
about
contact us











serving alaska since 1988 







 
consulting











 
engineering











 
training











									emi is a full-service firm committed to providing services for a cleaner and safer tomorrow.								







 
about us













consultingemi has experienced professionals in natural resources and permitting, environmental assessments and investigations, hazardous materials surveys, and health and safety. from small projects to multi-million dollar projects, we have the expertise to help you throughout the process. 







 
learn about our consulting









engineeringemi has experienced professionals in natural resources and permitting, environmental assessments and investigations, hazardous materials surveys, and health and safety. from small projects to multi-million dollar projects, we have the expertise to help you throughout the process. 







 
learn about our engineering









trainingemi's team of instructors provide a wide range of osha, dot, and epa-approved safety training classes.  whether it be a class at your facility or a specialized class for a group of individuals in your community, emi works with clients to ensure their training needs are met.  







 
see our training schedule













new training facility 



									our newly constructed training facility in the heart of anchorage has 3 full size classrooms, and one large hands on area. featuring large smartscreen tvs, surround sound and microphones, wifi, whiteboards, coffee area, and vending machines.								







 
check it out









 




 



 



 












 




							hover to pause						
















great responsiveness. great understanding of the regulations. practical-minded approach to work. good budget management. straight-talking is appreciated. jon h. principal, real property management 






responsive. they produce quality products. larry b. environmental protection specialist, blm 






emi understands what is needed and can adapt to changing conditions, if needed. emi is very good at finding a better approach to solving problems. scott l. ted stevens anchorage international airport 






thorough, competent, well trained, trusted and great at keeping the program manager informed. it is very easy for me to reach someone when i have a question or need help. gloria b. program manager, agviq 



 







hours & location
feel free to visit or contact us during our business hours.
 3301 c street suite 200
            anchorage, ak 99503
 monday - friday: 8:00am-5:00pm


consulting & engineeringfrom small projects to multi-million dollar projects
 telephone 907.272.9336
 email info@emi-alaska.com
 fax 907.272.4159


training servicesosha, dot, and epa-approved safety training classes
 telephone 907.272.8852
 email info@emi-alaska.com
 fax 907.272.0319





                © 2016 - 2025 environmental management, inc.
            

designed by beacon media + marketing


































