    new hampshire's best vacation cabins - book today       homelakes & pondscareers at lopstickfrequently asked questionsfirst connecticut lake & back lake webcamsthe weather at lopstickcontact usreservations   homeexperiencescabinsaboutwebcam reservations  1&degf  lopsticklodging : 603-538-6659recreation at lopstick“recreational rentals”6 fern drive603.538.6473recreation@lopstick.com lopstick outfitters & fly shop  10 metallak drive603.538.6010outfitters@lopstick.comhttp://www.lopstickoutfitters.comviele männer fragen sich, ob es möglich ist, levitra ohne rezept, also über eine private rechnung, zu kaufen. vardenafil kaufen rezeptfrei die gründe hierfür sind vielfältig – viele scheuen jedoch einfach den gang zum facharzt und möchten sich diesen ersparen.  love the great outdoors? we’ve got some fun for you!   guide services  welcome to some of new england’s best fishing the upper connecticut region of new hampshire is considered one of the prime fly-fishing grounds of the eastern united states. the [...] see
detail  hiking   rental experience we're on social!      explore our cabin accommodations  no cookie-cutter rooms here. we’ve got cabins with character!    back lake cabins  this group of delightful cabins overlooks the placid waters of the 358-acre back lake, just off the daniel webster highway. enjoy ... see
cabins   first connecticut lake view cabins  just uphill from (and with great views of) first connecticut lake, these beautifully appointed cabins range from efficiencies to two bedroom ... see
cabins   first connecticut lakefront cabins  some of our nicest cabins are located on the shore of first connecticut lake, the largest of the connecticut chain of ... see
cabins   magalloway cabins  comfortable and convenient, just a short stroll from first connecticut lake and our boat docks. the magalloway cabins have been perfect ... see
cabins   near 1st connecticut lake  conveniently located in the heart of everything pittsburg has to offer see
cabins   perry stream cabins  some of our most secluded cabins sit on the banks of lovely perry stream. privacy and comfort are paramount in these ... see
cabins   the riveredge cabin  an angler’s dream! this cabin is located on five private acres overlooking the rushing water of the upper connecticut river, one ... see
cabins                            where did you hear about us? *  requiredwhere did you hear about us?pittsburg ridge runnersotherfly fishing showsfacebookfriend/ referralother area lodgingfamiliar with pittsburgnewspaperrepeat guestbear rock adventureemail address *  required phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.             good day. we completed the "orvis" survey that was sent based on our last visit. but, could not really share our thanks for a wonderful three-day visit.
a thank you to the staff. great client service all around. the cabins are always perfect as it was for this trip.
the guide paul starring was a "star" a great guide with a perfect day floating on the connecticut river. plenty of action and fish into the boat.
he is a great guide that one can clearly connect with his clients and respect their level fishing. we had a wonderful day all around. it leaves us with wanting to come back soon. see you for the snowmobiling season! jd and susan s  we all had such a great time at lopstick and are looking forward to our next visit! john  lopstick is top notch in every way! cabins are always clean, staff is extremely friendly, and the location is perfect. we had an amazing stay last weekend and will certainly be back again. steve r.  lopstick is the best. period. beautiful, clean cabins, in the perfect setting. the night skies, the fire pits, the hiking, kayaking, boating, fishing, mountain biking, wildlife viewing, etc. just perfect. ryan c.  what a beautiful cabin. if there was any place in world that is more beautiful. its this place.
what a cozy comfortable place to stay.
this place will be our go to place from now on.
we will cherish our memories we made here!
thank you! loubier northern lights we stayed at the osprey cabin. clean, comfortable and private! fully furnished with all you could need. jacuzzi tub and gas fireplace was a total bonus! parking a little messy, but lots of trucks and trailers so to be expected. directly on the trails. was perfect! thagerman claremont, new hampshire my husband and i try to go once a year to do some snowmobiling. this is the place to stay!! friendly people, always helpful and they have some of the best prices and cabins around.the cabins are always clean and homey. we have stayed in several different ones and have yet to have a bad experience. the nicest people and place around!! mary m. winchendon, massachusetts after 20 years we decided to make a last minute trip to lopstick lodge, a place we had visited many years ago when we owned our own snowmobiles. we made a reservation for a 3 night stay and rented a double sled for 2&1/2 days. the machine was new and ran like a charm and the trails were superb! thanks for a great stay! cape31 morristown, new jersey hi- i don’t have time to do the orvis review and in any event i do not want to sign up for orvis emails which seems to be a pre-requisite for writing a review. i do want to say that we very much enjoyed our stay at lopstick despite copious amounts of rain, which of course, is out of lopstick’s control. the cabins were very nice (much nicer than i am used to when fishing) and the staff was very helpful and friendly.i want to make a special mention of paul starring who served as guide for our group over two one half day outings. he is just outstanding. he is knowledgeable, personable, flexible ( i.e willing to work with clients on the fly when weather could screw up plans), and is obviously deeply invested in making sure clients have the best experience possible no matter what their skill level. i especially appreciate the effort he undertook to make sure my 22 year old son, who is a semi-novice fisherman, caught some fish. he did catch fish –nice ones --and in fact badly out fished me. that is more than ok.two members of our group (including me) have fly fished for 30 plus years and have utilized guides in several states and in canada. i think paul is among the very best i have used, despite being relatively young. marc  to all the staff,thank you all for another very wonderful stay. we knew we could count on you for a very clean, comfortable and relaxing stay. we miss it already. we'll be back as soon as we can. we wish you all to be safe and well.
sincerely, carol & bill chadwick  we got in a little while ago and wow! this place is fantastic! we wanted to see if we could stay another night or two? i looked on the website, and if i’m reading it correctly this one isn’t available but the one next door is. would it be possible to switch the reservations around so we can stay in this one? or any other option really. feel free to call me in the morning as i’m a traveling photographer and will be up early out searching for moose!
thank you for your time mat b  we are a lopstick frequent flyer and loved this cabin. it fit all our needs. grandson fished the pond and surrounding areas with grandpa. was pet friendly even though we didn’t bring our fog, he would have loved it. fell asleep each night to the sounds of the stream. cabin near, comfy, with all the comforts of home. give a 5 star. anonymous  thank you for a wonderful time. this was our first visit to the connecticut lakes area. my wife and i were very pleased with the magalloway cabin. there cleanliness was outstanding. the cabin had everything that we needed. we definitely will visit again. charles m  we stayed here during the summer of covid for a secluded vacation. we had the best time. the staff was great with taking safety precautions. the cabin was just perfect! you can’t stop staring out at the lake. it had everything we needed from bedding to cooking utensils. plenty of things to do nearby like hiking or fishing, but our favorite was just wading in the water. a family of ducks spent a lot of time with us outdoors. i’m a photographer and took amazing photos. it was just a real treat. we booked again and can’t wait! i can see this being our yearly place to stay. -kristy     policies jan 12, 2023  0  check-in time is 3:00 pm and check out time is 10:30 am. please let us [...] read this
article  guest photos apr 21, 2022  0  check-in time is 3:00 pm and check out time is 10:30 am. please let us [...] read this
articlecontact our sales team at 800-538-6659, 603-538-6659 or vacation@lopstick.com vacation cabins in pittsburg, new hampshire which offers lakeside cabins, fishing guides, snowmobile
rentals and orvis fly shop.  45 stewart young road, pittsburg, nh 03592check availability for cabins    800-538-6659 vacation@lopstick.com      experiencesthe fly fishingthe hiking and exploringrental experience cabinsback lake cabinsfirst connecticut lakefront cabinsfirst connecticut lake view cabinsmagalloway cabinsnear 1st connecticut lakeperry stream cabinsthe riveredge cabin quick linksfirst connecticut lake & back lake webcamsgift certificatesfrequently asked questionsthe weather at lopstickcareers at lopstick  if you have stayed with us and want to share any pictures taken at
lopstick we would love to feature them.
email them to vacation@lopstick.com or tag us on social media
#lopstick. copyrights © 2025 lopstick lodge, all rights reservedcrafted in salem by fuelmedia inc.                                 


