 













home | college of letters & science










        skip to main content
      




university of california, santa barbara



give
quick links




























toggle navigation








search


search
search

      enter the terms you wish to search for.
    





main navigation


about 


about the college


leadership


academic departments





undergraduate 


overview


undergraduate programs





graduate 


overview


graduate programs





alumni 


overview


giving





faculty & staff 


overview


funding & financial support


resources for departments


academic personnel


faculty executive committee


resources for new faculty


room reservations





contact






quick links


undergraduate programs


graduate programs


academic personnel


funding & financial support 






give











the heart of uc santa barbara
l&s is the largest college at ucsb, offering more than 80 majors across disciplines. our education is deeply rooted in the liberal arts and sciences, challenging students to think critically and act creatively while engaging with the world around them. we are leaders on and off campus, with curious and passionate students who learn from extraordinary instructors, offering a transformative academic experience for all. 







home

















serving all undergraduates
every undergraduate at uc santa barbara will take at least one course in the college of letters & science. sciences, social sciences, humanities and fine arts -- our students do it all!  






invaluable experiences
many of our students have the opportunity to do hands-on research with a professor, giving them practical knowledge and skills that take them beyond the classroom. 






natural beauty
ucsb's location, perched on the edge of the pacific ocean, can't be beat. we encourage students to work hard and take time to enjoy their stunning surroundings.











news
here's what's happening in the college.









    news










jeffrey stewart elected to aaas

uc santa barbara black studies professor jeffrey stewart is one of the newest members to be elected to the prestigious american academy of arts & sciences











joão pedro oliveira awarded a guggenheim

the corwin chair of composition has been awarded a guggenheim fellowship in music composition











professor charmaine chua receives plous award

global studies scholar-activist charmaine chua receives harold j. plous memorial award











five professors make highly cited researchers list

five uc santa barbara researchers have been named among the most influential scientists in the world, according to the 2023 highly cited researchers list released by clarivate analytics















“the college of letters & science prepares students for diverse careers while providing them with the knowledge and skills that will allow them to participate in society as informed and engaged citizens.”





david marshall
executive vice chancellor & former dean of humanities and fine arts











popular links
frequently accessed info and links







humanities & fine arts
learn more


mathematical, life & physical sciences
learn more


social sciences
learn more


undergraduate education & advising
learn more






























college of letters & science
santa barbara, california 93106-2080
general info: (805) 893-2441
academic advising: (805) 893-2038







helpful links

undergraduate advising



online advising appointments



visit ucsb



policies & disclosures








information for

prospective students



current students



faculty + staff


alumni












copyright © 2025 the regents of the university of california. all rights reserved. terms of use accessibility











