






everything technology |




































home
guests
podcasts












 











podcast
everything technology

tech industry news, analysis, commentary and interviews, all with an attitude.this is everything technology.

check it out








insightful analysis and industry perspective from a seasoned pro
while plenty of tech-related news sources are available on the web, perspective, analysis and context on that news is often sadly lacking. hosted by 20+ year tech industry analyst bob o’donnell, president of technalysis research, the everything technology podcast offers that missing insight into key tech news and trends, offering a no holds barred approach to tackling the big news in tech.

the host







the opening













about the host
bob o’donnell, the host of the everything technology podcast, is also the president, founder, and chief analyst at technalysis research, a tech market research and consulting firm. a 20+ year tech industry veteran who previously worked at idc, o’donnell is consistently ranked as one of the most influential analysts in the tech industry.
a prolific author, o’donnell writes regular columns for usatoday and forbes, as well as a weekly newsletter for linkedin that’s also published on techspot and seekingalpha. he is also a frequent guest on networks such as yahoo finance, cnbc, bloomberg and more. in addition, he’s regularly quoted in major media outlets, including the wall street journal, investor’s business daily and more, as well as major newswires such as reuters, ap and afp.
o’donnell is also the author of “personal computer secrets,” and for 10 ½ years hosted “o’donnell on technology,” which was selected as the best computer audio program in the country.
he is a graduate of the university of notre dame. you can follow him on twitter @bobodtech or on linkedin at bob o’donnell.









episodes








episode 1: apple wwdc, cisco webex suite, verizon on site 5g
interview topic: private 5g networks june 14, 2021



view






episode 2: hpe discover, global foundries expansion, 5g network infrastructure from samsung networks, ericsson, intel, t-mobile 5gin, lattice semi certus pro nx, citrix, windows 11
interview topic: state of the pc industry  june 28, 2021



view






episode 3: globalfoundries, amazon alexa live, hybrid work, ibm and intel earnings, arm plastic cpu
no interview this episodejuly 27, 2021



view






episode 4: samsung foldables, intel architecture day, new view of 5g, tesla bot
interview topic: ai training in community colleges
august 24, 2021



view








episode 5: zoomtopia, iphone 13, apple event, arm soafee, silicon labs works with, globalfoundries tech summit, cisco investor day
interview topic: 5g evolution september 20, 2021



view








all episodes







follow me

followfollow




 









everything technology
podcast



 





















