




jen's journal




































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































traveldiary
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














traveldiary







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







jen's journal 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 20 most recent journal entries recorded in
jen's livejournal:

[ << previous 20 ]

friday, april 8th, 200511:26 pm
days 37-39- minneapolis, mn after the twin disasters of denver and kansas city, my spirits finally picked up in minneapolis.it didn't start off that way.  behind me on the bus up from kc were two exceptionally annoying individuals i will call frat boy and stripper.  frat boy was loudly complaining about the buses his college football team in texas chartered were so much better than the greyhound we were riding on, while stripper giggled along.  then they started making out and/or taking off their clothes, which disgusted me further.  it was totally random bus sex redux, except the tallahassee-to-mobile couple was way hotter and at least had the sense to take things to the bathroom.  in my version of hell, outwardly attractive people who display ugly behavior get their own special little circle.  then again, i also believe that some people absolutely deserve each other.i got to minneapolis at around five in the morning.  cities in the early morning are always funny places.  on my way to the hostel, i bought a copy of the new york times from a box on the sidewalk and i sat down in washburn fair oaks park to read it to wait until i could check in.  at seven, i walked into the hostel and had the following conversation with the girl at the reception desk, a blonde in her 20's with a strong midwestern accent:"you speak such good english!""i'm from new york."*speechless*the hostel itself was quite nice, probably the best one i've stayed in during my entire trip.  like other hostels that had been converted from mansions, it had a bed-and-breakfast vibe to it, and since it had just been renovated, it was in excellent shape.  the beds too were gorgeous, and i had a nice nap on one as soon as i managed to drag myself into a room.sometime in the afternoon, i was woken up by a phone call telling me that i was going to germany in august.  after groggily making flight plans, i headed out.  on nicollet mall, i watched a youth orchestra performed and walked through some of the many skyways that connect the buildings downtown (though i admit that i passed by, but did not go inside the original target).  downtown minneapolis was a delight-even with the skyways present, there was an active street life that i missed in so many other cities.  after checking my e-mail at the temporary main library, i headed down to the walker arts center, the site of the giant cherry-and-spoon sculpture.  they were having a free day, so i walked around all the galleries and started feeling the warm and fuzzies for modern art.  heading back to the hostel, i got lost on a few winding residential roads, which is never a good position to be in past sunset, but it was a nice night and a nice neighborhood and so i relaxed.the next day was mall day.  the minneapolis metropolitan area is home to two important retail landmarks: southdale and the mall of america, the country's oldest and largest enclosed shopping centers respectively.  the actual malls, however, were nothing spectacular, though visiting them did give me the opportunity to figure the city's bus system out.  southdale can no longer be differentiated from any other suburban mall from the surface, and the mall of america's only real distinguishing trait is its massiveness and the amusement park in the middle.  feeling a bit contemptuous, i only spent 25 cents there on one of those coin-operated bathroom scales.  it told me that i weighed 104.4 pounds, which, considering i weigh about 20 percent more now, just goes to show how good cross-country bus trips are for keeping the weight off.i'd originally only planned to stay in minneapolis for two days, but exhaustion from the road and the city's unexpected offerings had convinced me to stay on for an extra day.  this i devoted to the minneapolis institute of arts.  it's a real rarity for a museum in the united states outside of the smithsonian: not only was admission free, but it had a good collection as well.  after staying there until it closed, i wandered around the somewhat hip uptown neighborhood and then headed back to the hostel to pick up my bag.  racing to the bus station, i came across a line of rocky horror/gay pride paraders, and though i got to the station two minutes after the bus to chicago was scheduled to leave, with the help of a friendly bus driver, who had once lived on steinway street in astoria and wanted to know if i spoke japanese, i managed to make it on.i tell people minneapolis was my favorite stop on the trip but i can't really explain why.  maybe it was because it seemed so much more down-to-earth and real than other places, or that it seemed like a place where i could actually settle down.  according to a recent survey, minneapolis is the best city for sleep, and i certainly rested fitfully there.  it's funny how i can still remember it in such detail two years later, down to the food i ate (a pulled pork sandwich on nicollet mall, shrimp fried rice from what was voted the best chinese restaurant in town, a roast beef sandwich from arby's in southdale, four hamburgers and fries at white castle, soup at the minneapolis institute of arts, iced latte at an uptown coffee shop; i had bought a bottle of mocha frappuccino in a deli but left it in the hostel refrigerator).  but even then, it was clear that as my return to the real world was imminent (i was due to start working in a week), i had to relish these last few carefree days on the road.  is it any surprise then that my nostalgia for minneapolis began before i even left? 
(7 comments |comment on this)tuesday, october 26th, 20042:20 am
day 36- kansas city, mo at denver station that long-gone eve, queued for omaha, was gifted kca michael moore look-alike searched through my bag to the tune of matt good lyrics in my head but somewhere i got lost in the shuffle.  boarding for nebraska became bound for kansas city so sitting on the bus i fell asleep to the dimming denver suburban lights waking only for the salina truck stop where the 6 am sun was as bland as the landscape and not much brighter.  five hours later i was in missouri.near the kansas city greyhound station was a highway overpass adjacent to many empty lots.  i'd learned earlier that it is never a good sign when your transportation hub is isolated like that but then i walked into downtown and realized that it was all like that.walking south on main with my overladen backpack a man and a boy came up and asked me how they could get to a certain address.  they were headed in my direction and i told them that and they wanted to know how they could get there by bus so i told them that.  they were from out of town.a mile or so south of downtown was the old train station that was connected via a skyway to the international headquarters of hallmark cards also known as the crown center.  past the motorcoaches outside the hyatt in the shopping center was the new york-style deli where i unwound over matzoh ball soup.  then i browsed past the snoopy christmas ornaments in the department store and slipped back out.country club plaza was my real destination which as the oldest outdoor shopping center in the country meant more to my consumer culture-obsessed self than anything in omaha or maybe anywhere.  so down i went.there were some stores along the way and it started raining so i stood under some awnings where bypassers must have seen a sad little wet little girl but all i felt was a wet little drip.  or i felt like one when i stepped into a comics shop and trailed water for half a minute then leaked back out.  but it was sunny by the time i reached ccp and was welcomed by a bright shiny fountain and identical classy-ish architecture in forest green and stores for the overpaid.  and what more is there to it really but wealthy people buying rich things in an inside-out mall safely removed from rundown downtown and all i could do was reach into my bag and eat gummy candy of unknown origin.  as if a grubby kid whose last shower was a thousand miles and three states ago had anything better to do in a place that was named country club plaza completely unironically.sometime later i walked down one of the old parkways that the original city planners had built into the map to attract posh housing stock.  the parkway was faded by now with grass duller than highway medians but the neighborhood charmed tiredly and a museum with a classical facade and tourist guide appeal was being restored somewhere.  but by this time the city had lost patience with me.  a bus downtown and another public library visit brought me to the kind of cloudy late afternoon ripe for fleeing on the next bus to minneapolis.  still arthur bryant's brooklyn avenue barbecue heaven beckoned and i had to go.  in between here and there was the kind of no man's land of industry and desolation that required a light tread and an invisibility cloak.  but baggage weighs you down and cars chase you down and whatever the driver sneers out the window at you as slur or scoff or query or come-on is nothing to which you can react because you never even heard what he said in the first place.  but you know that he is young and male and white and large and surrounded by his friends and you are but the least useful of those things and you could never outrun a car even if you carried no burden and had someplace to go.  and even when the moment passes and imprints you move on because you didn't go across the country and come halfway back to be brutalized and murdered and left in a ditch on the side of the road.and i'm walking past some jazz clubs when it starts drizzling again the soft kind of rain that goes perfectly with a soft kiss if there had been even a stranger around for the kissing but he's not.  so i turn around and hike back towards the greyhound station and lose my way through the paths of a low-rise housing project for the second time on this trip but an older lady with dog on leash relieves the tension with a smile and sends me on my way.  back down at the greyhound station i buy a postcard and a hot pocket and get on the minneapolis bus and my eight hours in kansas city are over.so that's the story of the shortest stopover of my trip.  no reason that it took sixteen months to commemorate but i let my memory steep for a while and this is what i've got.  maybe i simply never had much to say but like a con artist disguised my deficiency by calling it slightly experimental writing and couching the nothingness in the stream-of-consciousness gimmickry of minimal punctuation.  but that aside maybe it took a while to see how the city loomed in my mind with this air of simultaneous hollowness and flatness that had only somewhat to do with deindustrialized char and urban decay.  the kind of moral defeat i was feeling and the feeling of moral defeat within the city must have come out of the inarticulate exhaustion of being past our primes.  or were we just immoral period?  but in the slow road of decline i had but a week and change in this go-around and not decades.  so call it guilt when i dodge my writerly responsibilities and call it cowardice too.  do you blame me for trying to rid myself of an audience so there would be fewer witnesses to my gradual and inevitable failure?  but still i chug on.  we die slowly but still we must. 
(6 comments |comment on this)sunday, february 29th, 20043:51 am
days 34-35- denver, co (eventually to be excerpted in dailythemes)denver, denver, denver.  why did you elude me so?  it is not as though i left this entry unwritten for nine months due to a lack of effort on my part.  i really tried to get my feelings down, but perhaps it was not meant to be before now.  after all, computer crashes wiped out four of my previous attempts—a ridiculous number, considering i have not lost a single one of the thirty-something pieces i have submitted for my writing class so far this term to computer problems.  at least one word file containing a partial account of denver sits in the my documents folder of my computer right now, and i don’t intend to finish it.  this, then, is the sixth time i’ve started this entry.  if you ever manage to read this, good for both of us.denver is where i wrote my last real entries in this journal, those describing seattle, boise, and salt lake city.  for the longest time, i couldn’t figure out why i stopped writing after passing through denver, and why denver was the city i chose to hold off writing about.  these days, my best guess is that denver was where i finally gave in to my exhaustion.  while the trip might have been one of the best things i ever did for myself, giving me a degree of self-reliance and resilience that two years at yale couldn’t, it also took a heavy toil on me as the nights spent sleeping on the bus, the loneliness, the slights encountered, and the mounting pressure to get home snuck up and snowballed on me unexpectedly.  after over a month of hopping from strange city to strange city, i was tired—tired from the stress, tired of the routine, and maybe most surprisingly to me of all, tired of the intrinsic sameness of the america i had been so eager to explore.  denver itself probably contributed to this effect.  oh, i don’t mean to slight the city itself.  after having spent 24 hours in it, i still know nothing about it.  but, with the knowledge that i will probably end up going back to most of the cities i visited at some point in my life, denver is not a place where i look forward to going back. my experience of denver may well have turned out differently had i chosen a different place to stay.  perhaps this is not a new lesson for any of you, but your sleeping conditions determine your waking conditions to a large extent.  in other words, it will do you well to sleep well.  hostelling had served me well on this trip and later on in germany, and i will probably continue to stay in hostels for a very long time.  that said, not all hostels were created equal.  while hostelling international has a location in denver, perhaps out of a reckless desire to break out of routine, i decided not to stay there.  besides, my guidebook had informed me that the hi hostel was in a neighborhood best avoided, though to be fair, i had never really heeded its other warnings.  so while riding past fort collins, i gave the denver international youth hostel and made a reservation.i arrived in denver at around nine in the evening, but already the streets surrounding downtown were largely vacant.  like in so many other cities before, i pretended not to have a backpack on and walked briskly to my hostel.  the hostel itself was a squat four-story brick building.  perhaps i should have noticed something was a bit off when i could not manage to find the door.  yet i, foolhardy and compulsive as i always am, often choose to ignore warning signs even when they are staring me in the face.from the moment i had started planning out this entry, which was while i was in denver itself, i had considering going for comedic value and among other things, compiling a list of “signs that you are in the sketchiest hostel ever.”  however, what they say about humor being a mask for pain—picture sad clowns here—has been true in my experience, and it was certainly true in this case.  for now, however, i prefer to look back on things with a half-grin.  with a slight chuckle, then, i remember myself walking around the building in confusion, and then finally finding the door on the second go-around.  it happened to be locked, so i rang the bell, but the door would not open.  i ended up calling the reception desk from my cell phone, and after receiving an irate “it’s open, it’s open” in response, i finally managed to make my way in.  inside the cluttered, tiny front office, a grumpy-looking man of around 40 gave me a bored-sounding speech about hostel rules and policies from behind his desk, which doubled as a glass case housing a skimpy selection of maps and brochures.  a glance at a chart on the wall confirmed that indeed, the yellow hostel handbook was correct and the price of a night’s stay was actually only $9.75 (you know you’re in the sketchiest hostel ever when the key deposit is more than the room rate...).  my suspicions were aroused further when surly man informed me that i would have to give him a photo id, which would be returned during check-out.  i debated in my head over whether to hand over my passport or my yale id, but knowing that i looked scrappy and possibly homeless, i decided that the yale id would blow my cover.  surly man looked at my passport skeptically and asked if i had a driver’s license.  i said no.“don’t you need this to get into bars?”i shot him a look.  “i’m 19.  i’m not allowed to drink.”one of the advantages of being on the road was that everyone assumed i was over 21.  surly man looked at the date of birth printed on my passport and smirked.  we had reached an understanding.more signs that i was in the sketchiest hostel ever: except for the front desk, the lobby, which had long ago fallen into disrepair, did not appear to be lighted.  in order to get to my room upstairs, i had to go outside again.  there were no actual stairs leading upstairs; in lieu of them was a rusting fire escape.  and once again, i could not figure out how to open the doors leading back inside.  two men who were smoking on the fire escape helped me get inside.  what they were smoking, i know not, but i gave them my thanks anyway and headed inside.  there were more dark, dank hallways.  on every door, a piece of paper was posted, warning occupants in colorful language that anyone caught with alcohol or drugs on the premises would be forcefully removed and banned.  arriving at my assigned room, i had trouble opening the door yet again.  a shy-looking girl let me in.the room was large, but dilapidated.  three bunk beds were on the left side of the room, while on the right there was a cramped kitchenette, an ancient-looking television, and a doorway leading to another room.  the space seemed infused with dirt and dust.  i made a mental note to lock my backpack, which i had only done a few times during the trip.  as i went from bed to bed trying to find a mattress that did not have a spring poking through, i asked the girl where the bathroom was.  she turned out to be the only traveler that i had encountered on the trip that did not speak english.  the man at the front desk had told me that there would be four other girls in the room—two germans, a lithuanian, and an american who he said was “in charge”—i stood for a while trying to decide whether to risk asking a “wo ist der wc?”  a minute later, however, a girl with a towel wrapped around her head emerged from the inside room and started talking to the first girl, effectively answering both of my questions.i walked into the inner room and went into the bathroom.  the floor was covered with a puddle.  in the sandy pink toilet, there was a turd.  i flushed, and it went away.  i decided not to take a shower while in the state of colorado.at around ten, i decided to go outside to find food and possibly entertainment.  the denver international youth hostel was actually only a few blocks away from the hi hostel, and both were in an area known as capitol hill.  capitol hill, as it turned out, had a reputation for being a less-than-savory neighborhood, and after being hit up for change twice within half a block on colfax, i decided that its reputation was probably warranted.  i turned and headed toward the 16th street mall.the 16th street mall—a mile-long, tree-lined strip of glittering restaurants, shops and office buildings prettified and homogenized for the discerning pedestrian—was built to attract the yuppie with unused cash begging to be spent.  it was not designed for weary backpackers like me, who tend to want nothing more at the end of a long day but a warm meal and a place to rest.  passing by cafe after cafe, where patrons were paired off at cute little tables, with smiling servers leaping to take their orders, i had a strange sinking feeling, as though i were the proverbial man treading water in the middle of the ocean, my lips chapped, throat parched, and not a damn drop to drink.  even salted wounds stop stinging after a while, though, and so i found myself sitting and gazing out the window of a fluorescent-lit taco bell with their latest processed cheese, meat, lettuce, and rice concoction before me, and reminiscing about times long past.back in high school, i used to frequent the taco bell at the lefrak city apartments near my house ("live a little better"), where for lunch, i would pick up a brown-and-yellow blob euphemistically called a bean burrito for 89 cents.  it was cheap and it was filling, and given my perpetually moneyless state at the time, it was the best that i could do.  it hit me then that even now, years later, when i might have a few hundred dollars burning in my pocket at any time, and access to many more, the instinct to survive on subsistence levels had never quite left.  i will never feel at home lingering at those quaint sidewalk brasseries, wining and dining lustily without a care in the world nor for the bill.  even if i were to graduate to those great heights of sophistication and refinement that a yale diploma would seem to infer, i would always feel as i looked then—a grungy outsider who can only pretend to fill the spaces she inhabits, until she moves on to the next, then the next, never becoming fully settled, never fully fitting in.  it is the fate of anyone whose life history defies linearity, but is full of unexplained gaps, whose fortunes could change at any time, who had learned never to take anything for granted the hard way.  even in that taco bell, i could feel the hard eyes of the other customers boring into my skull, and so i left.  outside, some street kids asked me for change, but i shook my head.  couldn't they see that i was just like them?  except that i wasn't, and will never be.  no niche existed for those like me.  i moved on.i walked through downtown, peering into store windows, watching couples take their romantic evening strolls.  i passed by my beloved virgin megastore, which was already closed, and one starbucks after another after another.  at some point during the night, i went into a kinko’s to check my e-mail, but mostly, i was outside, wandering aimlessly.  i have not reread my travel journals in full, so i do not know if i am repeating myself, but that night, i felt more strongly than perhaps ever before the isolation and loneliness of an unfamiliar city.  the theme is nothing new, of course, and was addressed mostly recently in “lost in translation,” but here, there were no kindred spirits waiting around to be bumped into, no awkward intimacies to be exchange on that balmy summer evening.  there was only me, and my rushed gait, and my quick, avoiding glances, and the eternity of the night.that night, third eye blind was playing in denver.  i passed by the paramount just as the concert was getting out, and a crowd had gathered around the entrance to the theatre waiting for the band to come out.  i stood, watching them.  i considered joining them.  i had little interest in seeing the band itself.  while i had been briefly enamored with them in the eighth grade just like everyone else, and their using ebay exclusively to sell tickets for their spring tour was an interesting strategy, i had declined to see them at toad’s place in may, and bumping into them now was nothing but a mildly interesting coincidence.  still, after having spent so many hours wandering cities as a lone pedestrian, i yearned to be part of one of those anonymous crowds that are so inevitable in new york, even if the crowd consisted of bratty suburban teenagers.  the kind of solidarity that comes from gathering for a common purpose was one i missed desperately.  while i have always had trouble in groups, the solo traveler has the opposite problem—he is forced to be an individual at all times, despite the ease and comfort that comes of going with the flow.  and really, i would be out of place tagging along with a bunch of third eye blind concert-goers.  and so i kept going.  (on a tangential note, it was recently announced that third eye blind will be the spring fling band at yale this year.  i am not sure if i will go.)sometime past midnight, i ended up back at the hostel, where i somehow managed to get inside and into my room.  i tried to enter without making any noise, but i accidentally woke up a girl who was sleeping in one of the bunk beds.  “who are you?” she asked a bit aggressively, and with a heavy midwestern accent.  “i’m staying here for the night,” i whispered.  she turned over and fell asleep.i climbed into the bed i had chosen.  the mattress did not seem to have any springs poking through, though it was sunken in in the middle and did not seem to provide any bodily support.  i made the bed quietly—all four pieces of linen had different patterns and were worn thin from dozens of washings—and made sure my backpack and bed were set on the other end of the narrow bed so i would not accidentally kick them up.  then i curled up as best as i could, and drifted off to sleep.it was the best night of sleep i had gotten in at least a week.i got up a bit before ten the next morning.  the girl who had yelled sleepily at me the previous night was already up, and we began talking.  her name was di, and she was a 22-year-old from kansas.  the hostel was her cheapest housing option, and that was why she was there.  i told her what the man had said about her being in charge of the room, and she scoffed.  “i ain’t in charge of nothin’,” she said.  “y’all can do whatever you want in here.  it ain’t my problem”  she had come to denver to work at an organization that helped domestic abuse victims.  she had expected to work with battered women, but instead, the agency sent her soliciting donations door-to-door.  her salary came from commissions from the donations, she said, which put pressure on her to find as many contributors as possible, and she felt duped into sweet-talking old women to contribute money.  she was so frustrated by the job, in fact, that she was planning to quit the following week.  where would she go, i wanted to know.  she would return to kansas, though she didn’t actually have a place to live there.  she had been staying in a friend’s garage, but it was only a matter of time before the friend kicked her out, and after that happened, she had no other options.  she would probably sleep in the park at that point; she had before.  given her prospects, she was decidedly pessimistic.i wanted to continue talking to her, but as it was now past ten, the checkout time, i had to leave.  i bade her farewell and wished her luck.  out of all the people i met during my trip, she and maybe the boy in san francisco are the ones i most hope are doing well now.i went down to the front desk.  surly man was there again.  i gave him my sheets and room keys and her gave me back my passport.  he asked me where i was headed next.“somewhere east or west of here,” i replied.  “all i know is that i’m taking the bus the hell out of here tonight.”“you’ll be back,” he said in that half-flirtatious, half-contemptuous tone people use when they are wary of the other person.“no, i won’t,” i shot back.  “bye now.”i walked to the back of the building, where there were outdoor lockers.  my backpack lock could not fit onto any lockers, which was just was well, since i was not sure how safe my backpack would be around the drug addicts and transients who seemed to inhabit the so-called youth hostel.  i hauled my now-dirty backpack out of the locker and said goodbye to the denver international youth hostel for good.i returned to the 16th street mall.  it was as dismal now as it had been the previous night, only with more sunlight and more office workers.  i ended up in an arcade complete with a food court beneath a glass-covered office building.  as i had decided never to enter the bathroom in the hostel room again, i found the food court bathroom and washed up.  after emerging from the underground, i walked the streets some more, just as out of place as ever.  i wondered those had so enthusiastically recommended denver to me months earlier had actually meant.if there is one positive thing i can say about downtown denver, it is that it has one of the most interesting street food scenes i had seen outside of new york, hong kong, and the area around the yale medical school.  while it was not especially dense, as most places i saw on my trip were not especially dense, the selection of food offered was impressive, at least to this connoisseur of shish kebab sticks and dirty water hot dogs.  as my tastes can sometimes be snobbish, especially when it comes to street food, my cart of choice specialized in paninis, and i ordered one with turkey, red peppers, and artichoke spread.  while the young, dark-haired vendor made my sandwich, he asked me where i was from.  as usual, this question was just a veiled way to discern my ethnic background, and when i told him i was from hong kong, he enthusiastically replied with how he had always wanted to go to hong kong and how he wanted to open a restaurant there.  strangely, this did not bother me in the least and i gave his plans my blessing.  as i walked away, paper bag in hand, i wondered if i was oversensitive why i was so much more willing to tolerate the behavior of attractive people.i’m not sure at what point i gave up on doing anything in denver.  all i know is that i had made the decision before i had seen much of the city at all.  i knew i was being unfair to the city, but i was tired and lonely and instead of seeking out an adventure like someone more extroverted might do, i shrank back and sought comfort.  i walked south and ended up at the colorado historical society.  i had no intention of going inside, however.  instead, i planted my backpack next to a bench in the adjacent courtyard and ate my sandwich, which was warm and filling and delicious.  with can of coke in hand, i spent a few hours in that spot.  i don’t remember what i could have been thinking about, since riding on the bus for thousands of miles had given me more time to think than i ever needed, but at least i got to clear my head a little bit.  those who passed by must have found me a little strange.  as usual, i couldn’t manage to keep still, so i spent most of those two hours pacing around in a tight circle around the bench, head down, arms swinging.  the nice thing about being around strangers is that if you will never see them again, your quirks don’t matter.  and if nothing else, i am a person full of quirks.i had chosen to stop at the colorado historical society because it was across the street from the denver public library.  i went in now, and as in almost every other city i had visited, hunted for a free computer.  out of any city, the denver library has the most generous policy for visitor internet use by far: once you manage to snag a computer, you can use it for however long you wish.  this made the wait for free computers a bit long, but the library was architecturally marvelous, as every big city public library should be.  i drifted through its wide corridors for a while, and then sat and waited.the seattle, boise, and salt lake city entries are the product of six hours’ worth of sitting in front of a denver library computer.  the seattle entry was easily the one that took the most out of me.  while denver might have been the city where i finally dealt in, seattle would be the one where i was dealt the mortal blow.  i still don’t completely understand what happened there, though i did speculate on some of the possible explanations.  the emotions that sprung that rainy, miserable afternoon were still raw, however, and  writing them down almost made me break down again, though for the sake of those around me, i cried silently.  i regulate my external emotions carefully, lest i let the fires that burn within me spread uncontrollably, though i do believe there is value to a good cry.  good cries are a private matter, however, and there was no reprieve from the public eye for me on the road.  as with my first livejournal, writing that day served as therapy.  i needed it.i left denver late that night.  at the greyhound station, i gulped down another hot pocket and wrote a quick postcard to my brothers.  then i got onto the line of passengers headed for omaha, where a michael moore look-alike inspected my backpack and worried that i would get a hernia from carrying it around.  the omaha bus was packed, and there was confusion, and i ended up on the bus to kansas city instead.  settling into my seat for another overnight trip, i looked out the window and watched as the lights outside faded into darkness as the bus rode on into the expanse of the great plains.i am writing this entry without rereading it, and as it is 3:23 in the morning, i am less than fully awake right now.  i am not certainly if i managed to convey the mixture of alienation and weariness that made denver such a difficult city for me to be in, and then have to think about and describe all over again.  most probably, i failed.  while i have written down everything i could about the 25 hours i spent in denver in slightly over 3000 words, or at least the relevant parts, i fear that the sum is less than its parts.  maybe i should chalk this up to my own deficiencies in communication, as i often do.  whenever i tell people about my trip, i might tell them about things i did and things that happened (and i’m not even very good at that either), but how can i capture the intangibles, the momentary impressions, the emotions felt, the tiny connections made that make all the difference in the world?  i am not a talented storyteller.  i do not know how to do these things.  those stuttering, batty words i offer to the world in speech may go down more smoothly in writing, but even here, i can describe all i want, but i have no ability to evoke the feelings that go along with them.  and this disappoints me.  this might be why i dawdle through my assignments, and why i dawdle here in this journal.  all i ever wanted to do was make my words matter, and if i can’t even do that, what am i then?  i become ineffectual, invalidated.  and this goes back to my identity as a writer, really, where wordiness and detachment may well render me impotent, and to my identity overall.  everything i say or do, no matter how superficial or silly, has deeper roots somewhere, and reflects the sum of my experiences.  i assume that is the case for everyone.  and while i am too often overly sarcastic and irreverent, with mixed results, i no longer feel i am capable to making the gravity of anything known anymore, and even more, i find myself not giving a shit about things that should be important.  this may be february 2004 me projecting onto june 2003 me, but nevertheless, this has been a recurring theme these past few years.  why is this so important to me?  what is wrong with me?  and maybe even more importantly: does anyone even care?i have funny, sad, horrifying experiences, and try to share them as i might, at the end of the day, they are mine alone.  this might be the essence of why denver mattered. 
(6 comments |comment on this)thursday, february 12th, 20049:37 pm
and an lj meme that happens to come in handy states i have visited:create your own visited states mapand if we're counting states i have passed through:for handy reference, states i had visited before this summer:i think i'm almost ready to make that denver entry.  just maybe though. 
(comment on this)9:29 pm
statistics of my trip (x-posted to dailythemes with additional commentary)( lj-cut for your pleasurecollapse ) 
(1 comment |comment on this)saturday, august 9th, 200312:22 pm
more proof i'm not dead or eaten or anything obviously i'm a deadbeat when it comes to writing in this thing.  the problem, i think, is that i've got the next entry all written up in my head.  denver is the site of the sketchiest hostel ever, so it was an incredibly amusing stay, though it makes for a monstrously long entry.  also my computer ate my entry halfway through, and i was actually happy with that one.  so maybe i'll get it written by september.i also have many exciting entries to make about kansas city, minneapolis, and chicago, the details of which will more clearly explain the actions i plan to undertake (as described below) than i can do here.i also owe an entry about my job experience this july.  as rumored, i chose to keep a low profile these past few weeks, shunning manhattan in favor of brooklyn and living my days lurking in the hallways of an obscure "non-profit" "organization."  i have made connections with individuals who are considered by many to be unsavory elements within our society, abetting convicted felons and many others at government expense.  i have no regrets.yet any entries i have promised to make here or otherwise will have to wait, as i must take responsibility now for my actions in the past few months.  you see, i'm fleeing the country.  in less than four hours, i will be on a dinky 37-seat plane to boston, which will hopefully deceive the authorities as my destination is not in this country at all, but in paris, where i plan to arrive tomorrow morning.  yet my ultimate destination will be many hours away by train, in an aging industrial city, one of germany's largest, which nonetheless goes unlisted in any guidebook.  hopefully such a set-up will allow me to proceed with my plans unfettered.i'll be back.  i promise.  though you all know my record with promises. current mood: on the move
(4 comments |comment on this)tuesday, july 15th, 200311:54 pm
day 33- bus from salt lake city to denver so i'm at home right now and in the middle of the second week of my summer job.  it's been interesting and i will be sure to write about it when i have a chance.  but first let's head back a few weeks.the problem with writing a travel account after the fact is that it loses its element of immediacy.  recalling events becomes much less fun when there's no chance i might fall into a hole in some strange city and die the next day.  but still, i'll try.the last time i wrote an actual entry, which was a long time ago, i was leaving salt lake city for denver.  actually, let me backtrack a bit.  so i had spent the time i was supposed to be exploring the salt lake city sleeping and the time i was supposed to be spending sleeping surreptitiously on the hostel's computer.  so between my sunrise bedtime and 10:00 checkout, i didn't actually get much sleep.  it didn't help matters that at about eight in the morning, i get woken up by a phone call.  it was my mother.now recall that i spent a good part of the previous day sleeping, so i would have missed any calls i got then.  having no access to an electrical jack since seattle also meant that my cell phone battery died right about then, a fact that i paid no mind to while i was at the arts festival.  i had let the phone recharge in the dorm overnight in the salt lake hostel, but of course, i was downstairs most of the time.  all of this explains why my mother sounded so panicked on the other end.the last time i had spoken to her, however, was less than 36 hours ago in boise right after i came out of "bend it like beckham."  she had also called twice during the movie.  this and my highly irregular sleep patterns during those 36 hours explains why my initial reaction was annoyance.  this reaction only grew stronger over the course of the phone call.it's silly.  i talk to her maybe once a week during the course of the school year.  i understand that i face a different, and more immediate set of pressures and vulnerabilities while on the road, but at that point in the trip, even when i didn't know what i was going to do before doing it, in a mental sense, i knew exactly what i was doing.  it's inevitable.  in strange settings filled with unknown characters, especially one after another after another, supreme self-confidence is not merely an asset, but a necessity.  and i didn't need anyone second-guessing me, especially from two thousand miles away.i had also been lying to her about many of the specifics of the trip.  many of the stories i have detailed in this journal have been exciting and eye-opening, to me at least, but most parents would not want to know that their teenage daughter, say, hung out in a bar in the french quarter with someone she met in another bar earlier that day until three in the morning or walked around by herself in a mexican border town notorious for the number of women that had been murdered there.  while some parents know that it is best then not to ask certain questions, my mother is not one of them.  she fully expected me to be in my hostel by nightfall every night.  this, needless to say, was rarely ever the case.  she also called most evenings.  fibbing about my location at the time and other details saved me a lot of trouble, and cell phone charges too.specifically, i'd lied about my whereabouts the last few nights.  i decided that it might be best for her not to know that i was taking two overnight buses in a row, so i told her that i was staying in a hostel the night i took the bus from boise to salt lake.  she of course asked a lot of questions about the hostel and such that i was already exhausted from covering my tracks, not to mention physically as well.  also, i am generally not in a pleasant mood when someone wakes me up before i've had my share of sleep.  so in short, i was not very patient with my mother over the phone that morning in the salt lake city hostel.i know it's been hard for her to have me away in unknown circumstances over the past few weeks.  she worries about everything, often needlessly, so for something like this, she very much made it known for me that she would not get a decent night's rest before i came back home.  i'm glad that she let me take the trip anyway, though i don't think my decision to take the trip would have changed if she had been more resistant.  and i know that she had been taking a lot of flack from other people, like friends and relatives, for letting me go.  but it's one thing to be concerned and quite another to be overly anxious, especially since there wasn't anything she could do from such a distance.i'm sorry i made her cry over the phone.  but i resolved a long time ago not to let her get to me and i'm keeping my resolution.so salt lake city would have been wonderful to walk around a bit, but the weather wasn't cooperating and again, i was being pressured to go home, so i decided to take off for denver.  so i didn't end up seeing any of the mormon sights or most of the rest of the city.  it's not a big loss.  it seems like a nice town, but probably isn't the most exciting one.  besides, i could find more interesting things to do in denver.i took a bus in the morning, which brought me through some interesting territory.  i've heard plenty of positive remarks on the natural beauty of southern utah, but the northern part of the state isn't bad either.  the interstate weaved through lush green mountains, with scarcely a building in sight for many miles in some parts.  of course, there were also some neat little towns, probably resort towns from their looks.  interspersed among the green were also bare many-creviced walls of red rock stretching for a hundred vertical feet or more.the bus stopped in a little town called echo just off the interstate.  the station was a little general store which may have served local customers if there seemed to be any local customers to be had.  there didn't seem to be much more to the town, a restaurant down the road a ways and maybe a few houses, but it didn't seem like there could be more than a few hundred residents in the area, if even that.  the general store in echo made the one i visited in the rural town of west tisbury on martha's vineyard last year look like a super stop and shop.  the space was cramped, with goods all over the walls and the shelves.  the magazine selection was limited to back issues from someone else's subscriptions with the part of the cover where the recipient's address is printed cut out.  there were also greeting cards, though their faded colors and outdated graphics suggested they were at least fifteen years old.  there was also a counter where several people, probably locals, were having breakfast.  whenever someone from the greyhound came into the store, the elderly man behind the counter announced all of the beverages he had in stock in list form, as though he had recited the same list to weary travelers on their way to california or the midwest dozens of times every day for half of his life.  pasted to a wall near the door were photographs of perhaps 30 greyhound drivers, many of them smiling.  there was no phone available, the man behind the counter said, because the phone company wanted to charge forty dollars a month.  clearly, that was unacceptable.it was obvious to me before the trip that sitting on a bus for six weeks would allow me to see a sort of america a cross-country flight or even a long-distance train ride has no way of capturing.  namely, i wanted to see some of these tiny, remote towns in the west so romanticized in the american imagination as something other than a blur, a minute-long blip on my consciousness, one indistinguishable from the other.  of course, i was already aware that much of the charm of these small towns, at least in my mind, was in their supposed insularity, or the idea that they all have their own unique peculiarities, while the infiltration of companies such as fast food chains or most notably walmart have contributed considerably to making small towns everywhere in the country increasingly similar to each other, as well as to their overall drabness.  i do realize that many of these small towns, which are often hit hardest in times of economic slump and left behind by the pervading cultural trends of the past few decades, are increasingly unable to offer their residents options or opportunities within their limits, and that having a walmart, which to me seems like a symptom of the further mass corporatization of rural america, is very much a boon to these towns, and that walmart is in fact what keeps them going.  walmart provides jobs, as well as a way to buy products that would otherwise be more expensive or may not otherwise be available.  without walmart, these towns might be ghost towns.  and is that any better?so i was thinking that greyhound might serve a function in these small towns similar to that of walmart.  i don't know how many buses stop in echo, utah every day, but even one bus headed in each direction might mean nearly a hundred potential customers a day.  no one on the bus would buy very much, since most people only want a snack or a drink, but the business the store in echo gets from greyhound passengers is probably still substantial.  so what would echo be like without a greyhound stop?  i'm not sure, but i'd like to find out.besides utah, the bus also went through wyoming before hitting colorado.  in a way, it was too bad, since it would have been nice riding through the rockies, but wyoming was interesting as well.  no one knows anything about wyoming.  at least one of my readers remembers alyson liedy giving a report in speech in tenth grade about this fact.  sure, it was the first state to offer women the right to vote, but the last time wyoming played a large role in the news was the matthew shepherd killing, which still scares me.  if i thought south carolina was a shitty state because the ads were for fireworks sales, i guess wyoming might also have to qualify as one.  in any case, there were many of those billboards.  the landscape was hilly, but not particularly mountainous.  though the state is supposed to be dry, it rained a bit.  at some points, there was white powder whipping across the air, which i would swear is snow were it not june.  i saw more cows than at any other point in my trip.  before the trip, i had envisioned miles and miles of ground in the west interrupted by nothing but the road, so i was a bit surprised by how many fences there were.  the towns the bus went through didn't look particularly charming or interesting, but i guess i'll have to lose my romantic images as well.the northern part of colorado the bus went through, which included fort collins, wasn't particulary interesting.  my stay in denver, however, was, though i have no idea what the city itself is like.  i'll explain later.  for now, i should get this entry up before everyone stops checking this livejournal.  leave me encouragement or something.  and i'll write later about my last week and a half at home too, i promise. 
(10 comments |comment on this)thursday, july 3rd, 20032:42 pm
these filler updates suck.  i am also not dead. lack of non-kinko's internet access means that i'll be updating only when i get home, which is in less than twenty-four hours.  i'm in chicago now and i've my final overnight bus ride to look forward to.  in the meantime, a short list of things i have to write about: the sketchiest hostel ever, many shopping malls, my forthcoming unexpected trip to germany, pride and its consequences, and binge eating.  and have a happy independence day, everyone. 
(3 comments |comment on this)friday, june 27th, 200312:25 pm
okay, playing catch-up so i tend to fall behind.  meh.  i'll go write the entries from denver on in chicago or something.ben, i just saw your parody journal (well, the user info).  you are brilliant in every way.  i'm choking from stifling my laughter.  now stop winning fantasy baseball and we'll be even.i don't know what my summer job plans will be yet.  i thought i was going to be working for the children's aid society until i got an e-mail from the guy doing the job placements, zhi, that they wanted a bio and resume.  i yelled at him though he didn't deserve it.  the cas job looked boring, so i'm doing something else instead, though i don't know what.  there's a great chance i'll end up working in brooklyn, which would be interesting.  i'm also only working for five weeks instead of six.  something came up...here are my chicago plans: i'll be there sunday morning and hang out for a couple of days.  i will be crashing with sarah nerboso, cool girl extraordinaire, so if any hunterites have greetings to pass on, i'll take them.let's see... re: recent supreme court decisions, am very happy about the texas sodomy one, though scalia continues to piss me off as usual.  he and i go back a long way... am mixed about the michigan affirmative action ones.  the points system clearly was shady, but i would've preferred an end to all race-based aa, instead of a weak reaffirmation of bakke.  oh yeah, and congrats to new zealand for legalizing prostitution (by one vote, no less).  i know i'll get vehement disagreement on this, but one of the best points i've heard on this issue is that it's ludicrous for sex to be the one service that's legal if provided for free, but illegal if money is involved.  i'm of the school that finds that the exploitation of women is not inherent in the tradition of prostitution itself (especially since not all prostitutes are women), but only in some of its (not universally shared) practices, and feels that legalization would actually prevent prostitutes from being exploited.okay, yell at me as you wish.since denver, i've been in kansas city (missouri) and now i'm in minneapolis.  those entries are forthcoming.  i have lots to say, but not enough time to say it, and besides, i wouldn't want to reveal anything too soon.in any case, it's weird thinking that just as my trip's really kicking in, it's about to be over.  these have been some of the most interesting weeks in my life, and while i'm not sure what they amount to yet, i think i'll find out once i get back home.  but this goes to everyone: i recommend that everyone does a cross-country trip at least once, and a long solo trip at least once.  there's something about traveling on the ground that flying can't replicate.  some things you have to see up close.  and as for traveling alone, i'm incredibly glad i did it.  being by myself provides maximum spontaneity and self-reliance, and it makes me so much more aware of my surroundings.oh yeah, i think i might have said this before already, but i think it's silly how americans backpack in europe and europeans backpack in america and how people don't really travel in their own countries.  america's a diverse place.  every rinky-dinky town the bus passes through reminds me of that.  and i think this trip is also giving me a better sense of what new york is like.  it's ridiculous how little i know about new york.  and the same argument applies here: what the hell am i doing in other places if i haven't even been to most of the city where i grew up?  so that'll be my project for the rest of the summer.this trip and this journal will end sometime in the second half of next week, meaning that there's less than a week left.  thanks for reading, people, and i hope you've enjoyed the ride.  but there still is a surprise or two left... 
(8 comments |comment on this)tuesday, june 24th, 20038:08 pm
day 32: salt lake city, ut "notice to minors: no one under the age of 21 is permitted to enter this store unless accompanied by parent or spouse of legal age"-notice at the state liquor storei'll make my salt lake entry short and sweet because that was how my visit was.  my bus took seven hours, and after taking two overnight buses in a row, i was exhausted.  somehow, i dragged myself to the hostel, checked in, passed out on the common room couch, got woken up by one of the workers, and passed out in my dorm room.  i bet all the hostel workers felt sorry for me, because they were all really nice to me.  i ended up waking up at around 3, so i headed out at four.  picked up a baguette and two cookies at the supermarket, and headed downtown.  it was deserted.  even one of the malls was closed because it was sunday.  so goes life in mormontown.i wandered some more, however, and bumped into the utah arts festival.  so that's where everyone was.  i coughed up the seven bucks for admission, which was entirely worth it.  the festival was ridiculously good.  so there were plenty of artists hawking their wares in front of their booths, but there was also lots of food and a shorts film festival and live music.  all the bands i stuck around for were great, like new generation of gospel, which of course was a gospel band, and the zach parrish blues band, which did folk-infused rock with a sense of humor.  i have such a crush on the harmonica player.  there was also blues on first, a terribly-named band full of great performers, and i have a crush on their harmonica player too, and finally the james cotton blues band.  there's something really nice about watching a band play outdoors with the sky dark and the air full of smoke and everyone young and old up and dancing.  one of the strangest things i've ever seen, however, was an australian street theater troupe called strange fruit.  imagine six people, all of them in heavy white makeup, half in brightly colored shirts and black cape, half with fluorescent wigs and giant hoop dresses, each of them standing on a 15-foot pole.  six performers, six poles.  now all the poles are swaying back and forth and all the performers are swaying along and miming with each other and the audience, all in time with music.  it was an odd intersection between theater, dance, and acrobatics.  okay, fine, here's a link: http://www.strangefruit.net.au/  it was so weird, but so cool...salt lake city might be a mecca for mormons but the city sure knows how to throw a good party.so i ended up wandering salt lake at night too, and got back to the hostel.  instead of sleeping, i browsed the internet on the hostel computer all night (if i had actually paid like i was supposed to, it would have come out to $30 or something, eep) and slept about three hours.  the next morning in salt lake was rainy (in the desert?!) and miserable.  why ruin a nice visit?  so i took a bus to denver. 
(2 comments |comment on this)7:03 pm
day 31: boise, id so i spent 3 hours on that seattle entry, which left me really emotionally exhausted (about as much as after the san francisco entry, actually), though i really don't know how it reads.  sometimes i'm afraid my writing is all turning to crap, which would be unfortunate since i consider it an extension of my spoken voice.  but since the denver library has the wonderful policy of unlimited internet usage, i'll write about boise, which should calm me down a bit.there was really no excuse for me not to visit idaho on this trip.  as a person who claims a "fetish fetish," i develop irrational fixations all the time.  idaho was one of them.  as the prime spot for growing the ever-versatile potato and home of some of the best whitewater rafting in the world, who wouldn't want to live there?  i had even gone through the college handbooks in the elmhurst library and handpicked lewis-clark state college in lewiston as my future alma mater.  of course, as a fifth grader, i had not yet heard of ruby ridge or the white supremacists who tend to have compounds in that part of the state.  still, i figured there was no bigger way to pay homage to a former dream than to pay a visit to the state capital.after taking a bus from seattle to portland and having dinner there, i took an overnight to boise that brought me to my destination at nine in the morning.  mountains in the distance formed a backdrop to the city as fluffy cumulus clouds drifted through the brilliant blue sky overhead.  the temperature was a perfect 74 degrees.  i had not seen such favorable weather on the trip, so it seemed only proper that exactly a month after i started my trip in new york, there would finally be a nice day out.boise has a surprisingly good modern rock station (the x, 100.3 fm), as well as a surprisingly good independent record store.  the record exchange was close to the bus station, so i browsed there for a while, picking up a copy of the first of dredg's two weird, progressive concept albums, "leitmotif."  heading towards downtown, i bumped into a farmer's market featuring all sorts of food, sort of like pike place market, but with a much more homey feel.  after nabbing some free samples there, including one of elk jerky, i walked some more downtown.  boise's downtown is small and dominated by office buildings and small businesses, though that's set to change soon, with the construction of a large new office-retail complex.  but overall, the city seemed like any other, clean and friendly and welcoming.after paying a visit to the public library, i walked through julia davis park, which is the home of several museums and plenty of open space.  it also had a beautiful rose garden.  after stopping at the winco supermarket and buying the worst wrap ever, the remainder of which i left on a garbage can so someone else could try to eat it, there weren't many more places to go to, so i just walked the same streets again.people on the streets often talk to me.  what they say ranges from a simple "hello" to some unwelcome propositions, but out of all the people who have come up to me and all the things they have said, boise had one of the best and one of the worst.  the best was when some kid across the street yelled to me, "hey lady, i'm a professional skateboarder!"  i have no idea when i become "hey lady," especially since he was probably older than i was, but i'm glad he's happy doing what he does.the worst was when i went to the bus station to put my bag in storage in the afternoon.  i was tired and bruised from the day, and so i wasn't in a good mood as i was walking across the bus station parking lot.  as i passed him, a nondescript man walking in the other direction asked, "where are you going?"  something about him really gave me the creeps.  i said, "i'm putting my things in storage."  i started walking again.  he said, "you're not from around here, are you?" and i replied in the negative and kept walking.  then he asked where i was going again.  this time, i stopped and said, "i'm not going to tell you.""why not?""i just don't think it's a good idea."  i picked up my pace and walked to the station very quickly.i have no idea what that was about but i'm glad i didn't end up hacked to pieces in his basement.since downtown was so small, i ended up walking a bit further off and ended up at an ice cream stand, fanci freez, which definitely was a local institution.  tourists were not found anywhere.  i had a boston shake, which was a shake with a sundae on top, making it the biggest, thickest, sweetest shake ever.  boise actually has an artsy movie theater, so i went there and watched "bend it like beckham."  this was a movie that i had been meaning to see for months, partly because i like sweet, quirky british films, but also out of obligation as a former soccer player (okay, fine, i did varsity for a season).  it was excellent.  not only was it better and more moving than "my big fat greek wedding," which had too much tired slapstick for my taste, but hot soccer-playing girls cannot be a bad thing, and jonathan rhys-meyers isn't so bad on the eyes himself.  so that was thoroughly enjoyable and helped me burn a couple of hours.walking around boise at night probably isn't the best idea but i did it anyway to burn time before my 12:15 bus.  it was nice.  besides, there wasn't much to do in the bus station, though i did write my portland entry there, and watch and wonder why groups of two or three girls kept on walking into the bus station, going into the bathroom, coming back out, and leaving again.  but eventually the bus did come, and i got on.  and that's how i ended up in salt lake city. 
(1 comment |comment on this)3:38 pm
days 28-30: seattle, wa so i was thinking about the prejudice against backpackers that i wrote about in the last entry and how different people react to me.  in a lot of situations, such as visits to the public library or the movie theater, some form of photo id is required.  since i never feel like digging out my passport, i usually just give them my student id.  watching the cognitive dissonance play out on people's faces, as they see the name of the school on the id and a scruffy kid (not trendy scruffy or sporty scruffy, but by this point, just plain scruffy) in front of them is amazing.  some people don't say anything and some make awkward comments about yale or new haven.  sometimes i feel like saying something obnoxious like, "yeah, they even take women and minorities these days."seriously, i should've just taken my hunter college id along.the only people who have no reaction are the bus drivers.  they've seen everything.  they don't care at all.  and this is where i take back everything bad i've said about greyhound.  while the one thing i wasn't looking forward to while planning the trip was having to ride on the bus for weeks, i like it a lot now.  so what if my first thousand miles on greyhound (all taken before this may) were really unpleasant?  the next six thousand were fine.  and more than any other form of transportation available in this country, greyhound is the most accessible and democratic one around.  everyone wants to get where they're going on time.  everyone gets treated the same way.  and there are plenty of interesting people, or if you don't want to talk to people, you could read or listen to music or stare out the window.  taking an overnight bus is cheaper than staying at a hostel.  and you can't get scenery like that out of a plane window.on to seattle, which was just a straight four-hour shot up i-5.  i totally bitched some guy out, and he didn't really deserve it, but it felt good anyway."it's so relieving, to know that you're leavingas soon as you get paidit's so relaxing, to hear that you're askingwherever you get your wayit's so soothing, to know that you'll sue methis is starting to sound the samei miss the comfort in being sad"-some seattle band, i forgethi-seattle is not among my favorite hostels.  there's nothing wrong with it, really.  it's just annoying having to get through three security doors and then end up in a huge dorm.  big city hostels tend to be too anonymous for my taste.  but a bed is a bed and that's all i really needed.i really didn't do much the first day except wander out by the water and downtown.  had indian food on the first time this trip.  i had forgotten how good it was.  but downtown didn't seem like the best place to wander around at night so i ended up back at the hostel relatively early.and really, i had good reason to call it an early night.  after all, i had a phone interview scheduled for the next morning.  it was set for 10:30 eastern time, but that meant 7:30 on the west coast.  so i figured i should rest up and then be nice and awake for the interview the next day.okay, it's storytime.  everyone knows where this is going, but i'll write it down anyway.the dorm did have an in-suite bathroom with a bathtub inside so i took a nice, long bath and headed for bed.  now i often sleep in the buff for reasons of both comfort and laziness, though mostly in my own bed and not among strangers.  in other words, naked sleeping in hostels is sketchy.  however, i hadn't done laundry since santa monica and didn't feel like putting dirty clothes on after i had just taken a bath.  so i set the alarm on my cell phone for seven in the morning, curled up in my sheets, and fell asleep.i woke up the next morning to find my phone vibrating next to my head.  which meant it was... 7:30.i've had a number of interesting interviews in my time, such as the one where i was being grilled by a dozen people and all i had was this wilting yellow rose, the one where the interviewer was expecting this pierced goth kid, and the one where the interviewer was not very attractive, but damn, she had a nice rack.  all important interviews, by the way, and all inexplicably successful.  so this one shouldn't be too bad, right?except the phone had stopped vibrating and just started ringing.welcome to the "it's 7:30, i'm naked and in a room full of sleeping girls" interview.i picked up the phone as quickly as i could and hoped that it didn't wake too many people up.  "hello?  yes, just a second!"  so i put the phone down and considered my options.there was no way i could do the interview in the room.  i had probably already pissed everyone off by monopolizing the bathroom the night before.  and i could always go into the hallway and have the interview there.  but that's the kind of thing clothed people do.  clothes.  yes.  that's what i'll do.as i was scrounging around for pants, the person on the other end said, "you did know we were calling at this time.""i'm really very sorry.  i slept through my alarm.""slept through your alarm..."  he chuckled, but not in an appreciative way.but that's what happened!  oh, forget it.  i grabbed a towel (this hostel did supply towels, which were white and fluffy, and not brown-or-something and sketchy), slid out of bed, and hopped into the bathroom.as i closed the bathroom door as quietly as i could, the voice on the other end said, "you know, we could call back later.""no, no, it's okay.  i'm awake now."so i paced around the bathroom in my towel and had the kind of interview i would have at 7:30 in the morning- that is, if i had been up the previous twenty hours and had been drinking as well.  keeping in mind how much the entryway k bathroom echoed when people were talking inside, i tried to keep my voice down, but probably woke up all the girls in the dorm anyway.  afterwards, i took a long shower as i thought about how i should have answered the questions, as i tend to do after bad interviews, and probably pissed off the girls in the dorm even more.  then i went back to bed and slept until noon.and that is the story of my stay in seattle.okay, fine, there was a bit more to it than that.  after waking up again, i finally did put on clothes and went for a walk.  i had a latte and walked through pioneer square and ended up in the chinatown/international district.  it was reasonably legitimate, though not the greatest i've seen.  i did, however, go into uwajimaya village, which i will now dub the greatest asian supermarket ever.  it was huge and had a great selection and also a food court that covered every country in east and southeast asia.  i got my lunch of pollo adobo at the one selling food from the philippines.  and then i headed for seattle center.seattle center: the site of the space needle, a bunch of museums, including the oh-so-cool but overpriced experience music project, and an amusement park.  i didn't feel like paying for anything so i just walked around.  eventually i found a bench next to the kiddie rides.  there was one with miniature cars that went around a track.  at first i just waved to the little kids on it and gave them big smiles.  most of them looked like they were just so excited and were having the time of their lives.  the parents were waving and smiling too, and everywhere, i saw happy families.  then i found myself tearing up and couldn't stop crying.the feeling is difficult to explain.  i love little kids.  i find it a pleasure to be around them and i indulge them in whatever they want.  but sometimes, it's hard for me to see them so happy.  i never had the kind of carefree, idyllic childhood that is seen as so american, so ideal for creating functional, productive adults.  a lot of my experience growing up was accepting a certain amount of frugality and deprivation, both material and emotional, actual and on principle.  sacrifice.  my parents may have given up the most to get to where they are today (where, really?  certainly no one's image of paradise, or even purgatory), but so did i, and i didn't even know it at the time.  i never even really asked for much as a kid.  i didn't know how.  and on those occasions when i did, more often than not, i received a "no" or got a lecture on how spoiled i was.  and it was just normal.and in a way, i still live that way.  i'm not really talking about my experience now of living out of a bag, sleeping in dorm rooms and buses, finding ways to avoid spending that dollar.  it comes naturally to me.  i don't even notice it.  but i'm talking more in a broader sense, how even as i get thrown a ridiculous number of opportunities, i have a very "look, but don't touch" attitude about everything.  i still don't know how to ask for anything, even if i need it.  sometimes a situation could be sitting right in front of me, ready for me to take advantage of it, and i just let it sit there.  it never occurs to me to go for it.  carpe diem?  it was never mine to begin with.at the same time, i know (intellectually, at least) that i'm better off than 90 percent of people on this planet, that i've had some extraordinary amounts of luck, that in all terms practical and otherwise, i've made it.  i've obtained a certain set of knowledge and a certain pedigree, i have incredible connections, and in two years, i'll have a little piece of paper that will say all that for me.  and whatever i believe now about myself, my past, my upbringing, is self-pity and self-indulgent to the extreme, and really, shouldn't i be ashamed of myself?  i should repeat this to myself every day: i've never had to live on the streets, i've never gone without food for days, i've never been seriously ill, count your blessings, count your blessings, count your blessings.self-pity and guilt are a terrible combination.and i look back at the families and know that everybody's got their dark secrets, everyone experiences pain, and really, how do i know anyone's troubles are better or worse than mine?  i look at the kids and think, that one right there's going to become a drug addict, that one will get pregnant at 15, that one's in for a lifetime of selling his labor to the factories as his body breaks down through the exhaustion of the years just so he could have his tv dinner on his foldout card table and his beat-up old couch so he can rest his calloused feet and calloused soul night after night.  this is the happiest time of their lives.  why begrudge them that?  things become less fun as you get older.  at least they'll have happy memories.as i rationalize myself to death, i still have the feeling that i missed out on something irreplaceable a long time ago.fuck interviews.  what can i possibly say that will give an impression of what i really am?and so i walked down to the waterfront again, chest tight, miserable, and sat on a bench for an hour or two.sometimes i just want to entertain everyone with funny stories and wacky adventures but how can i do that if everything worth talking about is both pleasure and pain?  i am shy with pleasure and stoic with pain, so how can i throw myself headfirst into anything, let alone love, hate, or both swirled together to form a delectable frozen dessert atop a crispy waffle cone?  and goddammit, why can't i be serious about anything, instead of reveling in bitter, bitter irony?maybe i'm just being a drama queen.i hadn't had days like that in a while.  while anyone who was around me for a reasonable amount of time during freshman year knows that i've had mad days turned into mad weeks where storms raged inside my skull and my soul and threatened to push me over edge after edge, sophomore year by comparison was calm and tranquil, with occasional spikes of agitation but nothing that i couldn't be distracted from.  on this day, i felt better after having a frozen drink from tully's, a local coffee chain.  blame it on hormones, blame it on seattle weather, blame it on immaturity.  sometimes i get carried away.(a note: i'm writing this all down a week later.  i'm in denver, actually.  many things have happened since seattle.  but while i was recording all of this, i came pretty close to breaking down in tears as well.  i can't explain it.  something about reopening old wounds.  and i'm re-reading this and realize how shallowly this all comes off because i'm being too abstract, as i tend to be.  so i'll tell a little story.my first christmas in the united states, when my family was still living in my aunt and uncle's house, all i wanted was a box of crayons: a nice new box of 16, the crayons with perfect nubs that haven't been dulled from use, the colors vivid as i drew across a blank page.  i never asked for them because i was too scared to, but i did spend a lot of time under the christmas tree shaking a small wrapped package that was my present and hoping.  well, they didn't turn out to be crayons, of course.  i think it was days-of-the-week underwear.  but i didn't get outwardly upset and i never told anyone what i actually wanted.  i just kept it to myself.in the second grade, there was a spelling bee in class.  i don't know enough about language-acquisition theory, so i can't explain how i picked up english with its idiosyncratic rules and idioms so quickly, but i handily won.  the teacher, ms. playtis, offered me a prize of a book from the library or a box of 16 crayons.  i chose the crayons without even thinking.  at long last, they were mine.  i haven't thought of that incident in at least ten years, but now that i think about it some more, it was easily one of the happiest days of my life.  it's kind of sweet and depressing at the same time.  but throughout the years, one thing i had really wanted but never got was a barbie doll.  for anyone who was curious as to why i wrote a certain formac paper last year, here's why.  if i had actually gotten one, i swear my life would be completely different right now.)so, back to seattle.  i ate, walked around some more, and went back to the hostel and did laundry.  i slept and woke up the next day, and then walked around some more.  i went to the temporary library location and wrote an entry.  found the very-cool first rei store and then wandered around capitol hill, a neighborhood full of college-age folk.  spent my last hour in seattle wandering around the tourist-laden and overrated pike place market, and then caught my bus to idaho.  all very anticlimactic, i know, but the damage was done early.  i think seattle was a big stop for me in the way san francisco was, even though i actually didn't do very much in either place.  while san francisco was painful in that i had involved myself with the fragility of other people's psyches in such a short time only to leave them again quickly and forever, seattle reminded me how fragile my own psyche is, and, like the kid in san francisco, what a long, long way i have to go.  he might not make it.  i hope i will.  and i can count my blessings for that.(p.s.  if you name the band, or felt tempted to, you deserve a big virtual asskicking. :-)  besides, i prefer soundgarden and aic.) 
(7 comments |comment on this)monday, june 23rd, 20035:28 am
days 26 and 27: portland, or sure, i'm updating on portland, but i'm actually in salt lake city, where i'm having a surprisingly awesome time.  i'll save that for later.one last note on san francisco before i move northward.  now i've been visiting a lot of public libraries lately and san francisco's is easily the most beautiful i have seen.  for those of you from queens, think of the flushing library and then multiply that by about ten.  their internet usage policy for visitors is not so great, or i'd be caught up by now, but i shouldn't complain.the issue of creepy guys in bus stations came up, so i'll just reiterate here on how that's not really an issue.  creepy guys at hostels are a bigger problem.  on that, i'll just say this: please don't ask me to dinner if you're going to express concern about their being underage girls in your dorm and then act a little too curious about how pedophiles operate in the new york subway, especially if you were alive during the nixon administration.  people i think are trying to rip me off have also been an issue.  i think there were several of those in new orleans.  but this would be a typical bus station creepy guy (setting: transbay terminal, san francisco, 8 pm):so i'm looking at the schedule of departures when behind me, i hear, "china."silence.  and then again, "china."it takes me a while to figure out i'm being summoned since no one calls me that outside my neighborhood.  so i turn around and some guy asks, "how are you?""i'm pretty good.  how are you?"and he grins and nods.see, that wasn't very creepy at all.so i take the bus to sacramento and transfer there for the bus to ashland.  i had been debating on whether to make ashland a stop and i had decided to go for it.  on the second bus, i promptly fall asleep, and wake up just in time for the driver to pull out of ashland and say, "medford, twenty minutes."this is also the bus driver that says after every stop, "anyone missing?  too late."missing my stop turned out to be serendipitous, however.  on my itinerary, which i had lost in el paso and found again in santa monica, i had been running a day behind since san diego.  going straight to portland meant that i would catch up.spending the morning on the bus instead of being groggy in ashland allowed gave me interesting eavesdropping opportunities.  in ashland, a girl had gotten on and sat behind me, and she was joined at grants pass by a boy.  they started talking.  now the girl was 16 and blonde, though she was not hot.  she was probably slutty though.  she had on a slipknot shirt and a tool third eye patch on her bag (think "third eye," not "eye patch").  now, alex, i might not like your ex-lj friend acidexia very much, but she was right about one thing: maynard and company were brilliant for getting teenagers to buy shirts labeling them as a giant "tool."so the girl didn't seem too interesting or intelligent, but the boy was pretty well-spoken, and also apparently had been spending a lot of time in jail and court-ordered rehab despite being only 19.  at one point, he asked her if she liked metallica and she said she did, though she apparently only knew "enter sandman."  i was so tempted to play my "sandman" ringtone (yeah, i buy stupid shit sometimes) but i didn't.  after everyone got off the bus at portland, i saw them outside playing hackeysack.so in portland, i checked in at the hi- northwest hostel, though the hawthorne one was recommended to me.  the northwest one was closer to downtown, however, and it's also in a cool neighborhood.  a couple of blocks away, there were a bunch of coffee shops and interestings stores and such.  the hostel itself was an old victorian house, and was one of the smaller ones i had stayed in.part of the fun of staying in hostels is hearing crazy stories.  so i was talking to this one man whose name i didn't catch, but he was 48, a big black dude from hawaii wearing a tank top with suspenders on top, telling me about how he was in love with russian women and how he had made all these trips to russia and had married one girl until she turned out to be bitchy and high-maintenance, so the next day, he had an affair with another russian girl who now writes him e-mails every day.  man, crazy stuff.now i was already predisposed to liking portland for several reasons: 1) no sales tax, 2) free downtown transit, and 3) powell's city of books.  powell's is amazing.  i don't know if it's bigger than the strand, but it's easily one of the best bookstores i've ever been in.  i spent a few hours reading there, and went to the hawthorne one was all, which was also great.  hawthorne, by the way, is a cool neighborhood.  i might not be hipsterish enough for haight-ashbury, but i fit in fine here.  also, it wasn't touristy.  downtown probably had more tourists, and the chinatown was especially not to my taste, but i really appreciated how portland's not really a tourist city.probably one of the best people-watching places i've encountered on this trip was pioneer courthouse square, right in downtown.  from any point in the square, it's possible to see plenty of activity on the other side, since there were so many people eating lunch and walking around.  so i was sitting on the steps eating a turkey crepe i had gotten from a stand when i saw these two kids.  they were dressed in black carrying beat-up backpacks.  the boy had an overgrown mohawk and the girl had an american flag sewn upside-down on her left pant leg.  i watched as they rooted through a garbage can and then the girl went around talking to people, presumably asking for food or money.  nobody gave her anything.i feel bad for kids like that.  they're exposed and vulnerable in a way adults aren't.  something i've noticed on this trip is how different people treat me.  most people are civil, but every so often, people treat me with a kind of wariness and repulsion.  now i couldn't quite figure out by until i began seeing other kids with backpacks who were definitely homeless.  i can't help thinking that those kids in the square will probably have a rough time ahead of them.  if i decided to leave home permanently right now, i'll probably do okay since i have a decent financial cushion and i've acquired a good set of street smarts over the years.  but i wonder how many kids i see on the street are runaways with no money alone in a city for the first time.  and hopefully, they end up fending for themselves, but as was obvious from the headlines from that day's local papers, which were about this girl who had been murdered by homeless youth, her friends, some kids don't make it out.  there were several points in the past when i contemplated running away, but now, i would hate to know what would have happened to me if i had.and part of this trip is acquiring more survival skills, like when i was in a burger king late at night and the place was filled with unsavory characters.  the cashier was standing quite stiffly, which wasn't a good sign.  so as i waited for my order, i wondered what i would do if someone pulled a weapon out, whether i would hit the floor, run outside, or try to defend myself.  but no one did.  so i got my chicken sandwich and left. 
(4 comments |comment on this)friday, june 20th, 200312:37 pm
filling gaps in the san francisco entry wow, i'm far behind, especially since i'm about to leave seattle for boise.  quite ridiculous, i know.i've replied to a bunch of your comments.  leave some more so i can look popular, even if only five of you read the damn thing. :-) oh yeah, i have a bunch of lj codes if you want them, since i have trouble telling the difference between the different anonymous posters.  you people are tricky.congratulations to canada for legalizing gay marriage.  now if only the legislators south of the border here would realize that limiting marriage to a man and woman only is economically discriminatory, then i'd be happy.okay, san francisco... well, i spent the ride up from santa barbara amusing myself with christian rock from the radio and in my possession.  was glad to see that there was a virgin megastore in town, since i'm absurdly attached to that store, especially to the one in times square.  also found a copy of "hagnesta hill" there, marked down from $28.99 to $18.99.  it was also in swedish.  my copy's in english and cost $5.99, so yay for me.stuff eaten: pho (vietnamese beef noodle soup), some thai noodles i forget the name of, and chinese, of course, but i forgot to go get dim sum.  the place hilary and her mom took me to was called "the stinking rose" and specialized in garlic.  places like that are always fun.let's see, re: homeless in the tenderloin: i can't figure out quite why, but the most disturbing thing i saw my entire time there was on my way to the bus station.  so i'd pass by a lot of homeless people sitting on the sidewalk, but walking by, i was a bit confused to see a bunch of teenage girls (white, suburban, middle-class, probably) sitting in a circle around one homeless man.  okay, i figured maybe he was especially wise and enlightened or something, but then, a few blocks down, i saw another bunch of these scrubbed-clean suburban kids around another homeless man.  one of them was wearing a t-shirt that said something about "tuscaloosa" and "homeless."  and later, as i was walking down market, there was another bunch of these kids, one of whom approached a man with a shopping cart and offered him hot chocolate.  okay, i realize these kids were well-intentioned and were trying to help, but at the same time, i was thinking, "who the fuck are they to come in one afternoon and try to 'empathize' with people they never have to deal with in their squeaky-clean neighborhoods?  they'll go home at night, mentally pat themselves on the back for performing community service and 'helping' those less 'fortunate' than themselves, while their little visit probably didn't make a damned bit of difference to those they were trying to understand and instead made them objects for some stupid 'what i learned from a homeless person' college essay some years down the line.  stupid kids."  and please tell me if i'm being completely insane, but in general, no one wants anyone's fucking charity.  i sure don't.  and to give it anyway is an insult. 
(10 comments |comment on this)tuesday, june 17th, 20037:38 pm
days 22-25: san francisco, ca so like i said in the last entry, something changed in san francisco and i can't quite put it into words.  but i can say this: with the not terribly probable exception of washington, dc, this is the only city i'd been to up to that point that i could actually live in.  and it's a nice feeling.so why san francisco?  i'm not sure what i like better, the international flavor or the presence of a real chinatown or the food or its compactness (read: it feels like a real city) or its identity as a gay mecca or the generally accepting nature of the place.  but it's nice.  i like it a lot.on to specifics: ended up at the hi- sf city center location which is really nice.  sure, it was in the tenderloin, which isn't the most attractive location in the city, but the neighborhood had a real, gritty feel that i would have lost out on if i had stayed in, say, nob hill.  it's pretty much a hotel, which makes sense since it was converted from one.  class all the way, which makes it the polar opposite of the pirate hostel, but i like both anyway.  the four-bed dorms were nice, since they tend to be quieter and it's easier to meet people that way.  so in my dorm were the first canadian i've met so far this trip (from calgary), an older woman from iowa, and a japanese painter.  the person i spent the most time talking to, however, was anne, 21, from salt lake city, who was very much the pierced far-left social activist type.  she was doing an internship in a non-profit organization that provides services to the homeless (and she happened to agree with me on the not-giving-money-to-the-homeless-directly-because-that's-a-stupid-idea policy).  we had the lower-middle-class-kid-working-her-way-through-college thing in common, so we had a nice common base to relate from, which is something i haven't been finding all that much on this trip.  if i went home looking like her, that'd be disastrous, but i sure could take a lesson or two from her.so within the city, i actually ended up going to a lot of places twice.  it was such a reassuring feeling going to an actual chinatown, with produce stands and chinese bakeries and people speaking cantonese everywhere.  the tourists were as annoying as they are in new york's chinatown, but it's strange that despite the fact that i am a tourist too, the san francisco chinatown was the one place i could actually blend in the most.  and i liked that.so i also ended up going to north beach twice.  had dinner with hilary (freshman year suitemate) and her mom, who had this great crazy story about how she did a solo trip to europe after college and ended up having all her stuff stolen by a hostel manager and had to work her way back home.  they also took me to the golden gate bridge and ghirardelli square, where we had ice cream sundaes.  those were also places i went to twice.  also headed for the haight twice.  i'm not hipsterish enough for the haight.  i swear i was destined not to go there since the first time, i ended up with too much of my lunch on my shirt and the second time, i realized i had left my notebook at the hostel and went back to get it.  also went to soma, mission (i now know where to get a fake id in the city if i wanted one) and castro once.  really liked castro.  hot boys in tight pants are awesome.  fisherman's wharf was touristy, true, but it wasn't worse than the south street seaport (which i hate).  and i ended up walking through the presidio.now for the odd revelatory part, which i can't do justice to with words, especially since i've got ten minutes to write about it and it probably seems like nothing to anyone else.  since this travelogue is narrative-style, i often feel like themes that have come up don't get the proper attention they deserve here.  so one thing i've been doing all along was meeting people in hostels and outside them as well.  they're from all over, so it's already unlikely enough that i would meet them, but i think personality is where the real diversity is.i'm not explaining myself well, so i'll start over.  at school and at home, there are certain people i gravitate towards and others i would never talk to.  that's the way it is.  but on the road, it's possible to talk to anyone and get their story.  it's impossible not to meet people.  they're all over the place.  most of my interactions have been good, but even those people who left a bad taste in my mouth have taught me something, which is more than i can say for some of my acquaintances i've known far longer.and here's another thing: even if i know someone for an hour or two and will never see them again, i end up caring about them.  and sometimes people bring parts of me out that would never, ever emerge if i just stayed in my comfort zone.  that's what travel does.  i'm forced in new, awkward situations all the time.  and i end up better for it.sometimes on the road, you have one amazing and wonderful experience after another.and sometimes, you take a note written by a homeless and friendless 22-year-old kid from wisconsin who's newly out of the closet and giving it to this black-haired, apple-cheeked boy ("you're fucking hot"), who rejects him because he thinks the kid is creepy and unstable, and you end up accepting a mug of whiskey and coke (mostly whiskey) from a sleazy blond guy who this gorgeous irish girl had said had covertly taken pictures of her changing, and down it in about five seconds because your heart just broke and drinking's the only way you could think of to deal with the pain and indignity that is life, baby. 
(18 comments |comment on this)sunday, june 15th, 200311:26 am
days 19-21: la metro area and santa barbara i figured that even if i couldn't find free/cheap internet access, i should write things down before i lose the details.  so this entry is costing me a hell of a lot of money but it's okay.  alice suggested that i charge a subscription fee for this journal, which might actually be nice, and after all, i have a paypal account.  actually, please don't send me money.  ten bucks here or there really doesn't make a difference.okay, so let's start with lyrics from my favorite song about la:"some say the end is nearsome say we'll see armageddon sooni certainly hope we willi sure could use a vacation from this bullshit three-ring circus sideshow of freakshere in this useless fucking hole we call lathe only way to fix it is to flush it all awayany fucking timeany fucking daylearn to swimi'll see you in arizona bay"-toolso my opinions on the city are, uh, mixed to say the least.  or maybe i just should have had a car there.last time i wrote, i was in the santa monica public library.  so after i wrote a quickie entry there, i headed to borders, which i tend to do nowadays, on the promenade.  as it turned out, there was a performance of parts of this new play called "the dadaists."  so i stuck around and watched.  it was semi-historically based, but also had a reenactment of cabaret voltaire with a dash of improv and audience participation, like the spontaneous creation of a refrigerator magnet poem on an actual refrigerator door.  the performance itself was uneven but promising.  so it opened on friday at the met theatre in hollywood.  i wasn't around for it, of course, but i know some of you might be interested.afterwards, i headed back to the hostel and watched the second half of "the pretenders," which was not a well-made movie at all and the score was particularly horrible, but had great performances, some also really bad and generic cbs sitcom, and then "almost famous," which is the kind of movie i can't help but like.  speaking of cameron crowe movies, i'm up for another viewing of "vanilla sky" sometime, so maybe in a few months.another day requires another quotation, so there you go:"i can't help my feelings, i'll go out of my mindthese players come to get me 'cause they'd like my behindi can't love my business if i can't get a trickdown on santa monica where tricks are for kids"-weezerso i started the day with the vague intention to take the bus down santa monica to hollywood.  my supply of clothes was running low, so i threw on a pair of khaki shorts and headed out the door.  now, the mass transit in this city doesn't make any sense at all, especially considering that there are multiple bus systems, so i somehow ended up taking the bus to ucla.  now, ucla has a nice campus, but it's too big and just casual observation confirmed that there was too much racial self-segregation for my comfort.  it's not like i could ever go there.  but westwood village is a nice place.to cut a long story short, i eventually ended up in hollywood.  i also should mention that that was seven hours after i started and i ended up taking a very, very long walk that took me through century city, beverly hills, and west hollywood.  now this was an interesting walk, since it involved gleaming office buildings, an insanely yuppie-ish mall (in century city), posh boutiques, manicured hedges, trendy art galleries, organic food stores, thrift shops, a russian enclave, warehouses, strip malls, strip clubs, and pretty much anything else in just about that order.  it was interesting to get a decent cross-section of how the city was, but i wasn't a fan of most of the places i passed through, nor did i feel blended in with the crowd at all.  so i began to play this little mental game called "i'm better than you are."  it worked very well for the sats and it worked when i walked through beverly hills as well.  the essence of the game involves obnoxious thoughts running through my mind as i walked by other people: "i am better than you are.  i am superior despite the fact i'm wearing khaki shorts.  in fact, i'm better than you because i'm wearing khaki shorts.  so shove it."  result: a facade of totally cool self-posession.so i ended up in a sketchy part of hollywood at about seven or eight in the evening and wasn't quite sure what to do.  so i kept on walking along santa monica until i hit vine street.  a certain live b-side popped up in my head and told me to "take a left on vine street," which seemed like a reasonable thing to do if i ignored the facts that that particular vine street was in philadelphia, actually listening to ed kowalczyk's lyrics would mean i would have to put bagels in his oven and other crazy shit, and everyone hates or shuns live except me (hey, i've got a strong underdog mentality).  however, left in fact was the proper turn to take, since there were at least brightly lit buildings and people, and so that's how i stumbled upon the tourists.so the best part of hollywood was stumbling upon amoeba music, which people had been telling me to go to and is notorious in its own right anyway.  it's a fun place.  i like huge warehouse-type places.  i didn't really spend too much time there though, since it dawned on me that i actually had to get back to santa monica without dying or something.i made my way back to vine street and accidentally ran across the hollywood walk of fame, which i followed not out of some unconscious desire to experience some perverse oneness with has-been celebrities, but because it would lead me to people.  it did, rather well, and also brought me past all the landmarks everyone's so crazy about.  i didn't really stop though, since for the first time on this trip, i was feeling a sort of bottom-of-stomach dread that made me really paranoid.  living in new york had taught me that it's okay to walk around in most places at night as long as they're brightly lit and there are people around.  okay, so hollywood boulevard had both, but that didn't really help matters.  and then i remembered i had to take the bus back.the walk i took down la brea towards santa monica had me scared out of my mind.  i followed these two girls for a while, but they turned at sunset, so i was alone on the latter stretch.  thoughts running through my mind during that walk, unabridged and uncensored:okay, stores.  stores mean i'm not gonna die.  woman with shopping cart means i'm not gonna die.  strip club with bouncer outside means i'm not gonna die.  okay, the bouncer says "hi" and is leering a little too happily.  oh yeah, i'm still wearing shorts.  fuck, better get out of here before he recruits me.  gas station means i'm not gonna die.  flower shop means i'm not gonna die.  happy crowd of people means i'm not gonna die.  except they went into that bistro.  and there's a creepy guy with a baseball cap.  fuck.  okay, he's just a creepy guy with a baseball cap.  except there's no one around anymore.  hope someone doesn't jump me.  better walk faster.  oh fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck... okay, there's a preppy guy parking so i'm not gonna die.  strip mall means i'm not gonna die.  and what's this?i'd hit santa monica.  i'd never been happier to see a strip mall in my life.the bus back took an hour.  i watched this man with shaggy hair dyed strawberry blond and a kilt talk to this man with spiked hair dyed strawberry blond and earrings.  back at the hostel, i went to bed very early.and it was a good thing i went to bed early, since i got up at seven the next morning and did laundry.  after all, my bus that morning was supposed to leave at 10:30.  so i packed up all my things and got ready to leave.  but first i had to take a shower.so the following is one of those stupid jen stories that aren't very amusing at all except to me but i tell them anyway.  enjoy.now, as i said, i was planning on taking a nice shower before leaving.  doing laundry involves a decent amount of waiting time, so i put everything in the wash and left for the bathroom, when i realize that i'd put my towel in the wash as well.so i had few options.  my towel was probably soaking wet by then, so i couldn't use that.  in my dorm room, the hot blondes (so not an oxymoron, alice, i'm not even joking) had gradually been replaced by nonhot brunettes.  okay, they were still pretty hot, but i wasn't on speaking terms with any of them, let alone towel-borrowing terms.  so i headed to the bathroom and took my chances.in the bathroom: one of the four shower stall's occupied, with the shower on.  someone's brushing her teeth.  plastic shelves didn't have anything but toiletries, but on a hook, i see a brown-and-green-and-something-colored towel.aha.  there we go.so i had my shower.  the bathroom door slammed, so i guessed that the toothbrushing girl was gone.  i peeked past the curtain.  the girl across was still having her shower, so i grabbed the brown towel really quickly and hoped it wasn't hers.then i wiped myself really, really dry.peeked out curtain again and extended my arm to put the towel back on the hook right as the other shower curtain swung open.  i stuck the towel on the hook really quickly and hid in the shower until the coast was clear.  mission accomplished.oh yes, i'm very aware you can get all sorts of diseases from sharing towels.  sucks to be me, i guess.this is the end of the stupid jen story.  you can pay attention again.and right here, i'll stick in the names of people i met in san diego and los angeles.  all have a story attached to them, some of them really interesting, but i don't have the time to elaborate.  so before i forget who they are completely: arnad, helen, alaina, matthew, christina, rachel, henny, jules, elizabeth.so the night before i left los angeles, i had decided not to go back to the downtown greyhound station, which was way too far away and genuinely sketchy to boot, and headed to the terminal in hollywood instead.  hollywood sure looked different in the daytime and without excessive levels of adrenaline in my bloodstream.  the station had a good number of backpackers.  i got myself a hot dog at 7-eleven and waited.the ride up the coast was actually very nice, with plenty of mountains and greenery.  california scenery is great, or at least much better than on the east coast.  so at one in the afternoon, i ended up in santa barbara, meaning a new city requiring a new quotation."how am i supposed to explain a city of 90,000 to someone from new york?"-mattreally, you did a good job.  i think i have a better understanding of southern california, at the very least.for those of you not attending yale, matt lived upstairs from me last year in the infamous entryway k.  he has insane pictures of houses and scenery in santa barbara and montecito, where he lives, on his computer, so i just had to see these places up close.some urban planning background on santa barbara: it's very much a planned city.  from its early days, there have been strict ordinances regarding zoning and architectural style, among other things, so instead of having grown organically, like most other cities, it was very much sculpted.  also, the city has the shore on one side and mountains on the other, so it's all very picturesque (read: "what the fuck?  this is real?!").i wandered around the main drag, state street, and the pier and then matt drove me around through the mountains and the beach and by ucsb.  like the bmw, by the way, but i still maintain it's ridiculous to have oprah's house and the pillsbury guy's house and the mall of america guy's house and the pacer guy's house in your neighborhood.  that is all.okay, so i crashed at his house for the night and his parents were really very nice and as much as i've liked my hosteling experience so far, it was nice to get away from that for a night.  the next morning, i caught the bus up to san francisco, where i am right now, getting ready to leave.  now, i have a lot to say about san francisco.  this was a really big stop for me, and i think things are coming together.  but i need to digest it a bit and then i'll write about it.  so i'll turn to a lighter subject now: gossip.okay, for you potential wives of faraaz: i saw a picture of his beard and i like it. a certain friend of faraaz and mine has expressed interest in advertising his search for a wife here as well, so whenever you want to, man, just say the word.  also, i got this message too late to advertise it but let it be known that on june 11, 2003, in addition to being several important people's birthdays, was also the date on which several illustrious hunter personalities, such as faraaz, jason feldman, glen, ed vuong, jonathan landsman, and i think derek karlevaegen, hung out together.  it sounds good; wish i was there.and since i'm doing high school gossip, i might as well do elementary and junior high school gossip as well.  in regard to a certain situation involving certain p.s. 13/i.s. 93 alums, don't worry, my lips are sealed, though it all really is fascinating and kind of depressing at the same time.  i know that i haven't been on the best terms with certain people and they are justified in hating me completely, but i really wish them the best and hope that everything will turn out all right in the end.  and the same goes for everyone else as well.  i've heard that a lot of people whose welfare i care about have been going through some rough times and i wish i could help though too many times, i know i haven't come through in the past.  so many people are really much better friends to me than i am to them and as much as i get frustrated with people sometimes, i don't always let people know how much i appreciate them as well.  sometimes the smallest favors performed are really the best, and the ones i remember.  to those of you that have been there and remain still: i love you all.  thank you.so this entry ended up costing me 11 dollars.  i think it's been worth every penny.  next stop, where hopefully there will be a computer: oregon. 
(21 comments |comment on this)monday, june 9th, 20035:33 pm
days 17, 18, and 19: santa monica, ca "if you hitchhike in los angeles, you will probably die."-let's go usa 2003so i took the bus instead.greyhound, that is, up the coast from san diego, during which i got far more sick than i did during the 23-hour trip from albuquerque to san diego.  that was because i wasn't wearing these motion sickness patches behind my ear.  i figured it wouldn't be too bad.  wrong wrong wrong.  and the radio on the way up was so awful that i was flipping between the adult contemporary and r&b stations.  blah.i must say that out of all the cities i've been to, la is the only one that left me baffled upon leaving the bus station.  i had no idea where to catch the city bus and only later in my little travel guide did i read that the greyhound station was in an extremely rough part of town.  oops.  but i got to santa monica okay.  an hour and a half after i left the bus station, but that's local transit for you.the santa monica hostel is hands-down the nicest hostel i've stayed in so far.  the lobby's sleek and modern, and there's a courtyard with a fountain.  also, it's got all these tours and organized events.  it's huge but i recommend it anyway.didn't do much the day i got there, though i did have a chili dog at pink's with michael a., who you all know to be an associate of sm 1728.  the next day, i started by wandering down wilshire, which was fruitful, since i happened upon a branch of second spin.  since i peruse their web site regularly, this discovery made me happy, and today i got these cds from there and tower records:matthew good band- beautiful midnight (us- explicit)jj72- jj72kent- hagnesta hill (only available as a european import and really hard to find)pearl jam- no codepoe- helloswitchfoot- the beautiful letdownnot bad for $26.99.  so i ended up walking around westwood and brentwood as well, which was interesting and not scary.  the third street promenade was an okay diversion, but not nearly as interesting as its reputation suggests.  in all, i probably walked ten miles yesterday, which explains why my calves feel so dead now.  today, i also walked on the beach down to the santa monica pier.  these past few days have been cloudy and not too warm, so i'm disappointed.  maybe it'll be better tomorrow.why are the streets in santa monica named after western states and hyps (harvard yale princeton stanford)?i seem to be spending a lot of time at borders lately.since it was suggested to me that hamburgers here were worth trying, i've had too: one at fatburger, which was pretty good, and this guacamole and bacon one at carl's jr., which was also surprisingly good.  but for my money, rice and beans is the most filling, delicious, foolproof, and cheap meal around.why are there so many hot blonde girls in my dorm?  and why do they all seem to be going to or coming from fiji?i was walking down the hall the other night and this guy asked me in cantonese, "are you from hong kong?"  now, i speak with a hong kong accent, but damn, he's good.  so we talked a bit, half in cantonese and half in english.tomorrow i might actually go see some sights so i can say i actually did something while in la.  i'll be here in the area until wednesday.  then it's up the pacific coast highway for me. 
(9 comments |comment on this)saturday, june 7th, 200311:34 am
days 15 and 16- san diego, ca horton plaza lies in the heart of san diego's downtown.  in bright mediterranean hues, it declares itself a monument to shopping in high style.  an innovative design gives shoppers a view of the bright california skies as they stroll on any of the multi-tiered levels of the mall, cleverly connected with a series of stairs and escalators.  i had first come across horton plaza in alexander garvin's "study of the city" last year, and often enough, this trip of mine has seemed like a tour of his most discussed sites.on this day, however, the sky is gray and my spirits sink as i walk amongst the crowd, bright and smiling and equipped with shopping bags with expensive names advertised on the outside.  a random stroll through the streets of san diego ("america's finest city") does the same for me, until i reach the harborside, where, seeing the cruise ship terminal, undoubtedly packed with duty-free goods for white-clad retirees to take home to their respective countries, and the various buildings going up in the distance in various states of construction, my tear ducts start filling up and i wonder if i'm going to sit on the dock and start crying.my emotions respond to seemingly unconnected stimuli at times so i walk until i find the place that advertises 99-cent chinese food again.  i order in english.  the women behind the counter don't speak my dialect.  i sit at the counter facing the street and i watch a young man and woman outside waiting for the bus, talking, their eyes and lips smiling.  the food was flavorless and i ate it anyway.i didn't feel like wandering the streets anymore, but wasn't in the mood for returning to the rowdy hostel, so i went to borders and read a couple of the "gossip girl" books i had seen at b. dalton.  unabashedly trashy ya novels- these were about overprivileged upper east side youth behaving badly, sort of reminiscent of nick mcdonell but less sordid- do serve their function by providing a sort of escape and seeing references to all these places i knew, like 3 guys and jackson hole, provided a little reminder of home away from home.  so i ignored myself until the store closed and i headed down to wendy's to feed myself for $2.13 among the graveyard shift workers.i wonder if i go to fast food joints all the time because i hate spending money or because eating at restaurants by myself makes me nervous.back at the hostel, i make my usual survey of the other people in the room, whose adventures are all much more impressive than mine.  after all, i'd never worked picking apples in new zealand or served as a cook as a hostel before, though i do wonder how an international traveler winds up in springfield gardens, queens.the next morning, i eat the free waffle breakfast and make the usual small talk ("where have you been traveling?" "how long have you been on the road?" instead of "how are your classes?" "what are you doing over the summer?") and walk to balboa park.  the sky is gloomier than the previous day's, but there are trees and solitude.  i follow a squirrel with a leg wound for a while, and then hike.  my shoes have no tread.  the park has many trails, and the desert one takes me to the museums.  beautiful buildings have a way of cheering me up and i don't even mind the photographers, who seem to be all over the park taking pictures of the many brides there, all plastically smiling amongst the scenery.  i kept walking, moving restlessly as my thumb flipped between 91.1 and 94.9 on the fm radio dial, glad that my faith in commercial radio and white boy music was being restored again.i decided to try horton plaza again for dinner.  sarku's chicken teriyaki is the same everywhere, but the men behind the counter were ingratiating in the way people are when they are really making fun of you.  i wonder if they spit in my food.  back to borders to read the third "gossip girl."  i wander a few blocks in the wrong direction and walk past many people sleeping on the street.  people seem to do that a lot in san diego.  i shuffle past in my worn clothes and beat up shoes.  there are advantages to looking poor.  there are signs on the door at borders advertising a performance by a mary dolan.  on my way upstairs, i walk past a woman with platinum-colored spiked hair with several large guitar cases.  she smiles at me.  i read against the backdrop of acoustic guitar strumming downstairs, accompanied by lyrics of lesbians and falling in love in eighth grade basketball coaches.  there is something comforting about hiding from the night.back on the street, northeast corner of 5th and g, approximately 11:30 pm:"where are you from?""i live in new york right now.""no, i mean where are you originally from.""well, i was born in hong kong.  just curious?""well... i like oriental women.  what's your name?""my name's jen.""nice to meet you.  you're very beautiful."crowds of well-dressed clubbers make me nervous and i slip into the hostel, walking past the party in the common room (sign near door: "open bar") to gulp down half a mug of coffee in the kitchen.  upstairs, i see an ohio state garment bag on the bottom of the other bunk and wait to see a ruddy midwestern boy walk in.  he does.  he played football at school.  i hope he doesn't ask which school in connecticut i went to.  he does.  the conversation becomes awkward.sleep becomes impossible when caffeine is making your heart thump out of beat with the heavy snores of the other bed as porno for pyros blasts out of your earbud headphones: "we'll make great pets, we'll make great pets, we'll make great pets, we'll make great pets..."staying in the same place for a few days means you develop a routine, so this morning i go to the library as usual.  the next computer's not available for another hour so i go to get breakfast.  the guy selling coffee outside the library really is beautiful.  his closely shaved head turns to me and he smiles with his mouth and dark eyes as i walk out of the library. i smile back and give him a little wave as i pace briskly past.there is a little breakfast dive near the hostel called lee's and i walk in.  the women behind the counter have their ancestral idols set up as my mother does and a familiar calendar with a familiar girl smiling on the wall, though i'd never seen it before.  i order in english.  the woman taking my order repeats it to the other woman in cantonese.  the eggs and sausage are fine, but the food sinks to the bottom of my stomach.  i leave a 35 percent tip. 
(3 comments |comment on this)thursday, june 5th, 200312:18 pm
days 12, 13, and 14- who knows anymore?  (probably albuquerque, nm and san diego, ca) "i'll-be-quirky?  don't mind if i do!"-homer simpson (paraphrased, i think)i haven't been near a computer in a couple of days, but i do recall my last entry from el paso as being pretty eh, so apologies for that.  also, once again, i appreciate your e-mail, and i'll have to find some way to respond.okay, now a hugely rushing recap of the past few days:after leaving the el paso library, i got breakfast at the tejas cafe, bought a postcard for my brothers, and got invited by some man on the street to go live in his apartment.  then i caught a midday bus to albuquerque, which is unusual for me.  talked to aristides, 58, originally from panama but now living in albuquerque, who was coming back from his son's high school graduation in corpus christi, tx.  the southern new mexico desert is a lot like the western texas desert, only more interesting.  sometime during the ride, the bus stopped at this border patrol station and a border patrol guy came onto the bus and interrogated people.  that was new.  also another observation: there's a walgreen's in every town and i was surprised to see a favorite new haven institution, family dollar, in so many places, including (get this) moriarty, nm.  now here's a town that doesn't even have a proper bus depot.  i was amused.okay, on to albuquerque.  stayed at the route 66 hostel.  the most interesting thing about it is that it serves free dinner (that night chicken and vegetables and rice), which was very nice.  people talked to include jennifer, 28, from maine, who was biking in new mexico until her job at a girl scout camp started and dominique, 39, originally from paris but now from denver, who was taking teacher certification classes at the university of new mexico.  spent the evening reading harlequin romance novels (hey, if i'm going to make fun of something, i should educate myself on it).  they were a very poor excuse for erotica, and weren't too well written either.  really, mentioning that your romance novel hero has a "beautiful manhood" doesn't tell me anything but that you couldn't come up with a better euphemism.  but it was an amusing enough diversion.now, new mexico is a state where i actually know people, but stupidly enough, i didn't make contact with anyone.  oh yeah, miriam, i was going to contact you, but as it turned out, i had no idea how long i was going to be in new mexico.  am very sorry about that.  also, the albuquerque library charges for internet use.  boo.  walked around and looked at the old adobe buildings in old town a bit and also visited the albuquerque museum, which had a lot of pieces by local artists and also a fun little exhibit on '50s americana.  good stuff.as the bus schedules worked out, i ended up leaving albuquerque at night, so i missed the scenery in half of new mexico and all of arizona.  originally i was vegas-bound, but that would have involved a four-hour layover in the middle of the night in flagstaff, so i passed.  waiting to get on the bus in albuquerque was not pleasant.  they had guys there rifling people's bags and patting people down for weapons.  now, i do carry a knife, which does come in handy, but i wasn't eager to have these guys find it.  so i hid it in my pack, they didn't find it, and all was well.  but it still wasn't pleasant.since vegas was out, i ended up going to san diego instead.  time left albuquerque: around 10 at night.  time arrived in san diego: 8:30 at night.  time zone difference: +1.  so i pretty much spent yesterday riding the bus.  it wasn't so bad, since i slept through half of it.  the mojave desert's pretty, with shades of brown and yellow and green.  and once there were actually trees and mountains?  pretty fucking gorgeous.  so i quite enjoyed.my time spent in san diego so far, i have to say, has not been great.  i checked into the hi hostel in the gaslamp district here decently early to be informed that there was space last night, but none tonight, because supposedly they have a group of 55 from ireland coming in.  what the hell.  so i basically spent last night figuring out what the hell i was going to do, then getting fed up and going to bed.  also my mattress creaked whenever i turned over.  and there were some really loud people in the hallway at four in the morning.  blah.  blah.  blah.okay, so i was pretty unhappy this morning but i did find a bed at the usa hostels location here, which ended up being (slightly) cheaper and cooler than the hi hostel anyway.  i was kind of desperate food-wise, so i got some 99-cent pizza, which wasn't too awful.  the man at the counter said to me, "arigato."  for some reason people seem to think i'm japanese.  it's very odd.so i'll hang out here for a few more days and i'll be in los angeles this weekend.  the sky's overcast right now, but maybe the weather will stop sucking so i can actually go have a positive opinion of san diego.  some fun trivia: did you know that i haven't slept in the same place for two nights since may 23?  tonight makes 13 nights of sleeping in different places.  ah, the joys of being a vagrant.  let's see what's next. 
(1 comment |comment on this)monday, june 2nd, 20039:13 am
days 10 and 11: austin and el paso, tx "gone in a flashdon't drive into water!"-ad on austin bus #30 (barton creek plaza)with a couple of hours left to kill in austin, i had decided to go to this spring everyone was raving about, barton creek, where the temperature was forever 68 degrees fahrenheit.  but i didn't know where i was going, so instead i ended up at a shopping mall.my experience with suburban shopping malls is minimal, since i try to stay far away from them.  but if i was going to be at a shopping mall, well, i'd better take advantage of the opportunity, right?layout: 2 floors, 3 main wings, maybe 200 stores excluding kiosks.  it had a 14-plex movie theater and four anchors (soon to be five): sears, jcpenney, dillard's, foley's, and nordstrom, later.  these giant space-age shopping complexes scare me.  if there weren't directories everywhere, i'd probably get lost there forever.  however the guy handing out chicken teriyaki on a toothpick in front of sarku was a welcome reminder of home (and queens center, blah) and there was a bank of about 40 gumball machines with different flavors.  that was cool.  i also had my first sample of dippin dots ice cream.  way overrated.so i went to catch the bus back.  at the bus stop, there was a circular metal bench, though i was wearing shorts and didn't want to burn my thighs.  at first, i hadn't noticed a guy, around my age, who was sitting on the bench.  next to him, he had a cane with multiple legs, the kind elderly people use.anyway, he turned to me and asked in a thick, affectless voice if i would like to sit down.i said that i was okay standing.  a minute later, he had moved to the end of the bench and invited me to sit again, which i did, but got up again (metal gets very hot on a 100 degree day).and a little after that, he invited me to sit again where he was sitting before.  this time, he had gotten up and was now standing, leaning heavily on his cane.  there was no way i could refuse, so i sat down.he asked me which bus route passed by a movie theater and i didn't know, but suggested that he ask the bus driver.  just then, my bus came and i got on.  his bus came right after mine, and i watched as he made slow, awkward steps toward the bus.i know i complain about humanity a lot but some people really are too nice to me when they shouldn't be.i took the bus to zilder park, where the spring was and was pleasantly surprised to hear live music in the distance (a shame not to catch any music in the "live music capital of the world," after all).  it turned out to be an event called the rise up music fest, a church fair (the second i'd encountered in about a week).so i saw a table with a sign advertising free bibles.  now i'm in the market for a bible, especially if it's a free one, so i went over there.  they didn't have any pocket bibles, but the people were friendly and offered me water and asked me about myself.  i couldn't very well tell the truth that i was a heathen liberal backpacker, so if anyone asks, i'm a student at the university of texas.as i left, they offered to pray for me.  that was nice.you'd think with two hours to get to the bus station, i'd have plenty of time.  somehow, i forgot that buses don't run too frequently outside of major cities.  i had to make a run for it, which was very unpleasant, but i caught my bus to san antonio.  then i had a 3-hour layover, which i spent eating warmed-over nachos and watching people.there were lots of interesting people in the station that night.  there was this guy who was in texas for his son's graduation and was complaining about the 36-hour ride back to buffalo.  i'm always surprised at the number of little kids in the stations at night, and there was one who was maybe two feet tall who was using all the strength in his little body to drag his grandmother's duffel bag across the floor (awwww!).  there was also this woman who was about 4'6" in very short shorts who started crying, then took this passing boy's soda, and then, after she gave it back, started crying again.  it was odd.bus to los angeles (with el paso as a stop) had to be turned around and we got on another bus.  maybe five hours later, at around 7 in the morning, we ended up at fort stockton, where we stayed for around two hours.  what a shitty place.  there wasn't much of anything there.  the store inside the gas station was selling used magazines and clothes and chewing tobacco.  also, since this was western texas, the landscape was really desolate.  i had my first taste of the desert.  this desert was mostly rocks and it happened to have a lot of vegetation, mostly in the form of shrubs.  also, the guadalupe mountains formed a backdrop to the desert.  they were very brown.with a stop in van horn, ended up eventually in el paso, where i sprung for a private room in the gardner hotel, which was still really cheap.  it was nice having some privacy and a tv, even if the room wasn't exactly luxurious and was stuffy as hell.  i walked around downtown for a bit.  it's definitely not a tourist town, and reminded me quite a lot of some of the hispanic quarters of new york.  then i crossed over to mexico for the first time ever.  border crossing: 25 cents, very easy going to mexico, a bit more difficult coming back, though i had my passport so it was okay.  on the way back, i saw some men getting arrested.  the city on the other side is ciudad juarez, chihuahua, and seemed basically an extension of el paso (or, more properly, el paso is an extension of it).  didn't bother exchanging currency; i just walked around.  there were lots of drugstores advertising viagra and lots of food places.  also, quite a few elderly women begging in the streets.  i was worried since there was an article posted at the austin hostel about the murders of hundreds of women in juarez but i didn't get too bothered.  somewhere along the line i walked to this cathedral, where there was a big performance, with dancers with bright yellow and blue and white costumes and someone in a skeleton jumpsuit.  anyway, i only spent a short time there since i was nervous about not knowing the language and being by myself (and i obviously can't blend in too well), but it was okay.back at the hotel, i spent the evening talking to george, 29, from london, who had studied physics at cambridge.  he was very much your veteran backpacker type, been all over, quite liberal, though this was his first trip in the united states.  he was in mexico for a year and is headed there again.  he didn't like the united states too much.  so i talked to him for a few hours and eventually went to bed.right now: i'm in the el paso library and i'm leaving for albuquerque in an hour and a half.  we'll see what happens from now on. 
(4 comments |comment on this)

[ << previous 20 ]





about livejournal.com































