     bristol group dealer in bristol tn | johnson city kingsport abingdon group dealership tennessee                                         



















wallace imports of bristol







call now
423-650-4292



service & parts
423-278-9934

parts
423-499-4135



320 volunteer pkwy
bristol, tn 37620
        
   






service







map







contact























wallace imports of bristol


24/7 support
  



      call 423-650-4292   directions    
             home   new   search inventory   payment calculator   buy from home   get pre-approved - no ssn      used   search inventory   vehicles under $15,000   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   buy from home     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     finance   get pre-approved - no ssn   buy from home   payment calculator   finance application     sell/trade   service & parts    service & parts    schedule service   wallace advantage plan   order parts   service repair financing     research   our locations   our group   careers   contact us                      home   new   search inventory   payment calculator   buy from home   get pre-approved - no ssn      used   search inventory   vehicles under $15,000   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   buy from home     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     finance   get pre-approved - no ssn   buy from home   payment calculator   finance application     sell/trade   service & parts    service & parts    schedule service   wallace advantage plan   order parts   service repair financing     research   our locations   our group   careers   contact us            









click to get directions to wallace imports of bristol

















    inventory search    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       






                 
      search new inventory     search used inventory        search by make
















     
select a body style




convertible





sedan





coupe





suv





truck





minivan




     


kia, subaru, and volkswagen dealer serving bristol, tn 
wallace imports of bristol in bristol, tn treats the needs of each individual customer with paramount concern. we know that you have high expectations, and as a car dealer we enjoy the challenge of meeting and exceeding those standards each and every time. allow us to demonstrate our commitment to excellence!
our experienced sales staff is eager to share its knowledge and enthusiasm with you. we encourage you to browse our online inventory, schedule a test drive and investigate financing options. you can also request more information about a vehicle using our online form or by calling 866-287-9743.
learn more

 

 


             
          



     


group dealership in bristol, tn
welcome to wallace imports of bristol, serving bristol and the tri-city area of johnson city, kingsport, and elizabethton, tennessee, as well as abingdon, virginia, since 1961. we are your premier dealership for kia, volkswagen, and subaru vehicles in the region and are pleased to offer the very best in selection and service to our customers in these and other nearby cities and towns.


award-winning sales and service
wallace imports of bristol is among the most awarded dealerships in tennessee and southwest virginia. family-owned and -operated since 1961, we put absolute value on customer satisfaction and it shows. in the 2018-2019 year alone, we have been awarded the kia dealer of excellence award, the volkswagen gold pin award, and the subaru customer & community commitment award.
our service center is staffed by highly trained, expert technicians who hold ase, oem, i-car, kia collision repair facility, and subaru collision repair facility certifications. you can be sure that when we take care of your vehicle, you're getting only the best repairs with quality oem factory parts out of a state-of-the-art repair bay.
whether you're looking for a new subaru crosstrek or outback, a kia forte, a vw jetta or atlas, or even a pre-owned vehicle, we'll get you behind the wheel in style.


why shop at wallace?
your shopping experience here begins with a warm handshake and a legacy of quality service dating back nearly six decades. we are known for offering higher-than-market-value trade allowances, a buying process that's lightning-fast and super convenient, and a goal toward accepting any finance application.
our staff members are friendly and expert at what they do. it's this approach to honesty, transparent dealings, and customer satisfaction with a stress-free, no-hassle process that has been the mark of our success all these years. besides our four comfortable customer lounges with complimentary snacks, beverages, and wi-fi, you'll find great offers and incentives on vehicles.
we offer two complimentary oil changes on every new vehicle and most pre-owned vehicles. pre-owned vehicles come with a complimentary carfax report. need service? we have complimentary service loaner vehicles to keep you going. best of all, we offer financing solutions to everyone, so if you've been turned down elsewhere, we're happy to help.


giving back to our community
we aren't just a premier car dealership. we're your friends, family, and neighbors. because we live here, too, we believe in giving back to the community. we support a variety of local groups and organizations, including the crossroads medical mission, tennessee high might viking athletic boosters club, tennessee high yearbook club, tkgc animal shelter, anderson elementary, the ballad health island road cancer center, american heart association, and healing hands, among others. we're proud to play this role in our community. keep an eye out for our presence at many local events, and be sure to stop by and say hello when you see us!
if you're ready for a next-level experience in new or used car shopping and service, turn to wallace imports of bristol. stop into our showroom and check out our inventory today!


                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | wallace imports of bristol | 320 volunteer pkwy, bristol, tn 37620 | sales: 423-650-4292             


















call  service & parts






           