










        
    home

    
































skip to main content











  
                login
            



                register
            














top navigation menu





home


                                about
                                


trion city schools overview
superintendent's message
vision, mission, beliefs, & nondisclosure statement
board of education
district information
pay fees or make purchases




                                departments 
                                


central office staff
esol
federal programs
finance
human resources
instructional services
maintenance
multi-tiered system of supports (mtss)
nutrition / cafeteria
student services and support
technology department
resource guide for parents of kids 0-12
¿su familia necesita apoyo?




                                parents 
                                


english classes for parents
testing security plan & consequences 
powerschool for parents 
enrollment forms
free/reduced lunch forms
ferpa
section 504 guidelines
student insurance
student insurance [spanish version]


teachers
calendar
news


                                community 
                                


english classes for parents
health resources
school system presentations & info
senior citizen tax exemption 
transcript request form
miss trion pageant




                                schools
                                


trion elementary school
trion middle school
trion high school







































search



































































































































































helping hands website




































previous



next


















                pay fees
            










                new student enrollment
            














                students
            










                tcs clip goals
            














                parents
            














                staff
            














                merchandise
            














                my school apps: apply today
            



















mission statement 





the mission of tcs is to work in partnership with students, families, and the community to ensure each student acquires the knowledge, skills, and core values necessary to achieve personal success and to enrich communities as an engaged and productive citizen.non-discrimination policy: it is the policy of the trion city school system not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, or disability in any employment practice, educational program, or any other program, activity, or service.










georgia's safe schools act notice






parents and guardians of trion city schools students,as part of our commitment to keeping our schools safe, trion city schools will be conducting unannounced intruder alert drills once per semester in accordance with georgia's safe schools act (hb147). these drills are designed to test our school's emergency response procedures and to ensure that all students and staff know what to do in the event of an intruder. as per the guidance in hb147, trion city schools will report information on the completion of these drills to the georgia emergency management and homeland security agency (gema).we understand that these drills can be disruptive, but we believe that they are an important part of keeping our schools safe. we appreciate your cooperation and understanding.parents and guardians who would like to opt their children out of participation in the drills may do so by contacting their child's school principal.



















        tcs news
    








                        early learning center program job vacancy
                    


                        click here to read more...
job description:  contract position for a full-time daycare provider for 6 children between ages 6 weeks and 1 year of age
hours: monday through friday between the hours of 7:30 am and 4:00 pm / 190 school days
                    


mon nov 11 12:58 pm










                        ths curriculum review
                    


                        trion high school is proposing a new health curriculum (linked below) for our students. community members have until december 23rd to review and/or fill out the form below with additional comments/concerns about the proposed curriculum. the form will be reviewed each wednesday from october 22 - december 23, 2024. (click to read more)
                    


wed nov 06 03:52 pm










                        vacancy announcements
                    


                        tes is seeking candidates for the pre-k paraprofessional position.
qualifications:  paraprofessional certification issued by the ga professional standards  commission.  candidates must have either passed the gace paraprofessional assessment or have an associates degree (60 semester hours or 90 quarter hours of college to be eligible for paraprofessional certificate. position is 190 days per year, 8 hours per day. salary is based on experience and education.
please submit a resume or letter of interest to beth pelham, principal, elementary school.
                    


tue oct 15 03:45 pm










                        notice of public hearing: 2025 budget
                    


                        pursuant to georgia code 20-2-167.1, the trion city board of education will hold two public hearings for the exclusive purpose of providing an opportunity for public input on its proposed annual operating budget for the 2024-2025 fiscal year.
                    


tue jun 18 07:45 am







            view all
        











quick links



distance learning




powerschool: parents




powerschool: teachers




my school bucks




tcs covid guidance




finalized 2023-2024 budget




red cross water safety resource




ymca water safety resource















by the numbers



















3 schools

















15:1  student teacher ratio

















99%  college acceptance

















#3 safest school districts in ga.

























99%  graduation rate

















1,360   students

















#4   best places to teach in ga.

















#6   districts with best teachers in ga. 


















































find us239 simmons streettrion, ga 30753
ph: 1.706.734.2363
fax: 1.706.734.3397






































we are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of technology or ability. we endeavor to comply with best practices and standards defined by section 508 of the u.s. rehabilitation act, and we use wcag version 2.1 level aa guidelines when measuring our efforts toward achieving this goal. if you encounter any technology-based barriers when accessing any of our sites, please contact us at (706) 734-2363 for assistance or email us at info@trionschools.org.




































copyright © 2025 trion city schools


 
















