





decorides, a superlative custom car design company and much more!











our recently completed pacific prototype with bmw v-12 engine is for sale. 
							click picture for details.

our new "kidney bean" window is just one of a host of four fresh designs of 
							fiberglass type 57s bugatti bodies that we are proud to announce.

our frank lockhart boattail speedster recently sold at the mecum collector 
							car auction in indianapolis.

 the "bugnotti" boattail with type 57 bugatti grille and figoni type 135 delahaye 
							pontoon fenders was one of our most successful conglomerations. 

after being on display in the petersen automotive museum in los angeles 
							for the past 13 years, our iconic "scrape" 1939 zephyr was sold 
							at the recent burbank auction.


 








											bella figura coupe



										
boattail kit car 



										zephyr kit cars 




										delahayeusa.com

										cars for sale

									deco liner & deco scoot



									
zephyr sedan delivery

											figoni boattail


										bugnotti

											cars under construction


 jean pauline "teardrop"

											wheel pants




									sonny & cher cad

									
lee pratt's buick


										
cord


										 bugatti-delahaye

										 europe by lowrider

										viper "creamsickle"





									
scrape zephyr

									
maserati boattail



sheep rodder 

d-cars


									 scrape story 


										bella figura 
										history - part 1






in 1990 terry cook bought a postcard of an 810 cord at the auburn-cord-duesie museum in indiana, took it home and chopped it and dropped it with an x-acto knife and scotch tape. together, with influence from the work of joseph figoni of paris, it inspired him to buy a '41 hupp skylark. that was the seed that blossomed to become deco rides.
today deco rides offers fiberglass kit cars and turnkey zephyr coupes, convertibles, fastbacks, and is working on sedan delivery bodies. we also manufacture kit car and turnkey boattail speedsters. other projects under construction include a maharaja duesie, three v-8 and v-12 boattails, a motorcycle carrying sedan delivery, and a pair of v-12 powered, aluminum bodied, modern day clones of the figoni & falaschi type 165 1939 delahaye and the van vooren shah of persia 1939 bugatti. we hope you take the time to visit our site, enjoy it, and come back again to check on our progress. we're busy just following our dream. -- terry cook



about decorides & appleton productions


who is terry cook?
mission statement
contact


site map
cars for sale
weblog


lead east
testimonials








terry cook,
deco rides
a division of appleton productions inc.
po drawer g
14 schooley's mt. rd.
long valley, nj 07853
908 876-9100
fax 908 876-1692
decorides@aol.com









