






professor daniel torres – 10th degree judam martial arts master







































































start here
submissions
gallery
about me
contact me
 



book now 



✕














i’m a 10th degree judan
teaching vee jitsu jujitsu,
dan tor ryu jujitsu, & mma
 based in orlando, usa. 
							about me 
							

 












five common submissions

submissionsare an integral part of jujitsu / mma. it is effective in both full-contact fighting and self-defense situations. some submissions are fancy, while others simply get the job done with no flash at all. here are five of the most common submissions you will find in the sport of mma or in self-defense.


 rear naked choke:

this is a relatively easy submission to pull off in jujitsu / mma or in self-defense, yet it can be extremely effective when done correctly.  

arm bar:

the arm bar is another submission frequently used in jujitsu / mma. it is a joint lock than puts tremendous pressure on an opponent’s elbows.

triangle choke:

this is an excellent choke, especially for mma fighters with long legs.    

guillotine choke:

this is another simple, yet effective submission used in jujitsu / mma. it is usually used as a counter to a takedown.

arm triangle:

this is another common mma choke that can be performed from many positions. the dynamics of this technique are like that of the triangle choke but using the arms instead.


i’m always interested in teaching. private classes are available.
say hello, i’d love to hear from you.gallery

check out my selected events or look at one of my social media channels.

instagram 





















52
years of experience229
professional eventsas official92
awards and prizes
want to see even more?
check out select events that i had the pleasure to oversee.show more

about your hansi

prof. daniel torres also known as hanshi daniel torres is currently active after 52 years of martial art training (jujitsu) and is the founderof his own system+interpretation. 
prof. daniel torres
is the only martial artist due to his knowledge and experience of the professional fight game in the history of the state of florida athletic commission, any state athletic commission in the united states and in the world to hold a rank of 10th degree red belt in jujitsu and license(s) as a professional mma referee/judge, professional boxing judge, professional kickboxing judge.throughout his career
as a martial artists, hanshi torres remained a faithful student to his teacher and the late supreme grandmaster visitacion. as a result of his die-hard commitment and allegiance to the study of vee jitsu jujitsu. prof. torres was acknowledged and certify of unquestionable moral character and having met all the qualifications as a student, instructor, master and grandmaster was held in the highest regard with the vee jitsu family.  inaddtion, to this noteworthy accomplishment his teacher personally and publicly bestowed upon prof. torres, the title of hanshi, (grandmaster), dai shihan and the exclusive right and honor to create his own interpretation of vee jitsu jujitsu system known as dantor ryu jujitsu/mma school of modern vee jitsu jujitsu. 

in addition, hanshi torres trains people who just want to learn self-defense or improve their combated art such as professional mma fighter, professional boxer or martial artist (s) who just want to add a little favor to the art.
contact me

i’m always interested in working with individuals. say hello, i’d love to hear from you.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *comment or message *submit 
not sure how to get started ? it is this easy!
simply call and talk to me today.  +1 407 733 7159




















						call or get in touch today. why wait?          









                2020-2022 jujitsumaster.com professor daniel torres all right reserved.              









book now 













































