



duck hunting leases on the mississippi flyway near reelfoot lake, tn - donaldson farms









 


 



 


 
 
duck 

            hunting land for lease - hunting 

            land for sale - port 

            of cates landing property for sale - guided 

            duck hunts - aerial photos 

            of reelfoot lake - lease area 

            map - blind location map

donaldson 

              farms duck club - donaldson farms is located between reelfoot 

              lake and the mississippi river, just north of tiptonville, tn. we 

              have a wide range of hunting grounds including; flooded timber duck 

              hunting, flooded grain fields, hardwood bottomlands, open fields, 

              hundreds of acres of woods, sloughs, etc. food plots are plentiful 

              and have proven to be the key to holding so many varieties of wildlife. 

              acres of corn, clover, soybeans, millet and much more keep the farm 

              well stocked with native wildlife. deer, turkey, ducks and many 

              more species make our private wetlands home.

 

              we have three remaining areas available for duck hunting lease for 

              the 2012 - 2013 duck hunting season as well as reelfoot lake guided 

              duck hunts and flooded timber ducks hunts on our farm. all of our 

              duck blinds are floating and can shoot at least six hunters. our 

              duck blind leases will be good for a specific area of the farm but 

              the blinds can be moved anywhere within that area. take a look at 

              an aerial view 

              of the farm with blind sites labeled. freelancing is possible as 

              we have many acres of willow trees that are perfect for hiding but 

              still give you plenty of visibility. 
during 

              normal water levels our duck blinds are accessible by wading in 

              from the fields but there is always the possibility that the water 

              levels will rise and a good jon boat will be needed. this is a dynamic 

              duck hunting habitat and conditions change often. water levels often 

              dictate the types of waterfowl food that we plant making our area 

              different than the typical duck lease with a single blind in a flat 

              corn field. we are in the middle of the flyways and our farm is 

              about as natural a duck hunting property as you will find. 

if 

            you would like information on non-guided duck hunting, non-guided 

            goose hunting, seasonal duck club memberships or duck blind leases, 

            contact donaldson farms by filling out this information 

            request form or contact 

            us by email. we can be reached by telephone as well at (731) 627-4848.
guided 

            duck hunting on reelfoot lake - for 

            more information on guided duck hunting contact reelfoot lake duck 

            hunting guide james "bb" baltezor  

            at (731) 446-7337 or visit his website at www.reelfootducks.com. 

            
deer 

            and duck hunting land for sale near cates landing
 reelfoot 

            area duck hunting land, deer hunting land with tillable acres for 

            sale. located in the heart of the mississippi flyway between reelfoot 

            lake and the mississippi river and within two miles of the proposed 

            cates landing river port, this property is ideally suited for duck 

            clubs and deer clubs. 
a 

            combination of high ground and road frontage make the farm perfect 

            for a hunting club and lodge overlooking the hunting grounds. not 

            only is this a prime hunting property but the farm has nearly 300 

            acres of tillable acreage with rental income. this property is also 

            adjacent to 1,200 acres of nrcs wrp ground and may qualify for federal 

            wetlands programs. 
with 

            low ground suitable for flooded duck hunting fields and high ground 

            suitable for a hunting lodge, this hunting property is ideal for serious 

            outdoorsmen or hunting clubs. this property is seperate from donaldson 

            farms duck club. 
coming 

            october 2012 - the 23rd annual reelfoot lake waterfowl festival 

            and sporting collectibles show has moved back to the waterfront 

            at samburg, tn. samburg was home to the festival before being moved 

            up the road to kirby pocket but now it's back and the prize money 

            is better than ever for all of the duck calling competions. visit 

            www.reelfootwaterfowl.com 

            for detailed information about this year's event. 
mississippi 

            flyway reelfoot lake duck report 
- 

            click for a look at what 

            was happening last season. 

 links 

          to other reelfoot lake area sites:
lower 

          mississippi river levels - from 

          smithland, il to new orleans, la.

 


 
web design by tencom
 





