






caressa kisses | dfw's elite private escort






































enter



exit





disclaimer
all models are at least 18 years old” 18 u.s.c. 2257 statement.
in compliance with the federal labeling and record-keeping law (also known as 18 u.s.c. 2257),
all models located within our domain were 18 years of age or older during the time of photography.
the custodian of records, which is listed below organized by producer, holds all models proof of age.
all content and images are in full compliance with the requirements of 18 u.s.c. 2257 and associated regulations.
this website is dedicated to professional modeling. any money exchanged is for time and modeling only.
this site contains images and videos of professional models that may be offensive to some individuals.
the material on this server is adult oriented. beyond this warning page, there are links to material of adult nature.
access is made available only to those who accept the terms of the following agreement.
under penalty of perjury of law, i solemnly affirm that i am at least 18 years of age and have the legal right
to possess adult material in my community. i understand the laws and standards set in my community,
site, and computer to which i am transporting this material, and am solely responsible for my own actions.
i am not accessing caressakisses.com for the purpose of obtaining information that will be used by me or others
in any capacity against the webmaster of this site, host of this site, its owners, designers, content writers, employees
or any other parties associated with caressakisses.com. by continuing past this page i will have released and
discharged the providers, owners, and creators of this site from any and all liability which might arise.
i am not a law enforcement agent or do i work at all with criminal law.
if i use these services in violation of the above and below agreement,
i understand i may be in violation of local and federal laws and am solely responsible for my own actions.
i understand that bookmarking to a page on this server/site whereby this warning page is
bypassed shall constitute an implicit acceptance of the foregoing terms herein set forth.
reproduction of this site is strictly prohibited, this includes pictures, design, and all text.









©2023 – caressa kisses – all rights reserved



 

















