















spiritual heritage education network inc | spiritual heritage education network inc.

































































          skip to main content
        





































donate






events


donate


















about shengraduate schoolhappiness academycontact us


























 offering science and body-based programs for complete health and transformation





unlock your inner powers to reach your full potential
live a life filled with peace, happiness, and vitality
become a builder of a better world






vision
our vision commits us to research, development, delivery and promotion of formal and informal education to cultivate lived feelings of unity in diversity.



mission
the mission of our organization is to provide educational access to the thinking and findings of those who have spent their lives studying the nature of humankind and its relationships in the universe.




























graduate school





neurobiology of transformation
discovering purpose, health, happiness, and global peace








shen's inclusivity policy
please note that shen offers a sliding scale of discounts for its coursework fees. as a result, students from developing countries can get as much as a 90% discount on their coursework fees.

we are enrolling now for april 2025!

introductory offer
all students enrolling in 2025 will receive a 50% discount on their fee payable to shen for its coursework certificate.
shen also offers financial aid to deserving students on an online meeting with the applicant.
want further information? visit here
interested? have a one-on-one conversation with a faculty member by booking an orientation call.



book an orientation call














happiness academy





shen happiness academy
inspiring kindness, well-being, and harmony, scientifically! 






happiness is not only a pleasant sensation and the absence of life stresses, problems and pain; it is a complex state of mind whose essence is captured with many words such as joy, bliss, contentment, satisfaction, mental peace, physical health, fulfilment, friendliness, elation, cheerfulness, well-being, inclusivity, harmony, serenity, thriving, exhilaration, and exuberance. it is a gentle, soothing presence that brings comfort, joy and clarity. it encompasses positive emotions, gratitude, kindness, compassion and a sense of belonging.
the cultivation of happiness involves intentional practices that promote inner peace and well-being, such as meditation, nature connection, deep breathing, yoga, tai chi, unplugging from modern technology, and self-compassion.
your free-will donations help us continue offering such learning opportunities, to which all are welcome. 
happiness doesn't just happen. it needs to be cultivated. we will show you how. do you want to learn? click on this button below to tell us that you do:




yes, i do.














take life off autopilot





a digital breath training assistant to take life off autopilot
until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life, and you will call it fate. — carl g. jung






free online app
teach your children and grandchildren the practice of making their unconscious breathing conscious. it can lead them to lives of health, happiness, and harmonious relations.



breathe













the body is humanity’s common ground





the human form is more than flesh and bone; it's the nexus where healing meets the fullness of our boundless potential, offering a gateway to collective fulfillment.










































jeevan gita-book of life





understanding the science of perennial philosophy (sanatan dharma)
a course by the shen happiness academy







a seven-session program from oct. 29-dec. 10
every tuesday from 7:30 to 9:00 p.m. eastern (toronto/new york time)
unlock the timeless wisdom of the perennial philosophy, also known as sanatan dharma, through the lens of modern science. this transformative course offers a deep exploration of the fundamental truths that underlie all spiritual traditions, revealing the unity between ancient metaphysical insights and contemporary scientific knowledge.
discover how the perennial wisdom, which emphasizes the interconnectedness of all life, aligns with the latest findings in psychology, neurobiology, and evolutionary biology. you will learn how survival instincts shape human behavior and how transcending conditioned identities can lead to a profound sense of oneness, peace, and purpose.
by bridging the gap between spiritual wisdom and scientific understanding, this course empowers you to:

deepen your self-awareness and connection to others.
cultivate conscious living by harnessing the power of the mind and body.
access tools for personal transformation and holistic well-being.
become a change-maker and architect of a harmonious world.

join us in exploring the eternal truths of sanatan dharma, guided by science, and gain practical insights into living a life of health, happiness, and spiritual fulfillment.



register now

























about shen






shen story overview


shen story in media


shen story in detail


vision, mission, strategy


human condition and related problems


shen's yearly world unity conferences


cloverleaf - the shen journal



















who are we?






retired board members


shen advisory board


shen board


shen faculty



















top level centres menu






centre for health and wellness


centre for meditatuve sciences


centre for spiritual sciences


centre for contemplative learning and research



















user menu 2






volunteer opportunities


mailing list


donate


recent conference






































