 





anne thimble - the girl who simply loved to write












































 


skip to content



 anne thimble
the personal blog of anne thimble




navigation


close

anne thimble
family
food
health
life
money
nature
travel
work
contact
 












search for:

















family10 good gifts for seniors in retirement homes 




lifefun hobbies and activities after retirement 




work7 easy marketing techniques for small businesses 












lifehow to enjoy retirement lifestyle with friends by anne thimbleupdated on october 11, 2024october 1, 2024 

retirement is a chance to slow down and enjoy life without the stress of a full-time job. a great way to enjoy this time is by spending it with friends. whether revisiting old hobbies, trying new things, or being together, retirement feels even better when shared with others. having friends around during retirement is fun … 


read more







travel9 easy and practical travel tips for beginners by anne thimbleupdated on may 21, 2024may 4, 2024 

hey traveller! are you ready for the trip you have been planning for months? travelling across the world is a great feeling and achievement, but it can be equally worrying when it’s your first time. still, that should not hinder you from experiencing the best of your trip.  that brings you to these travel tips for beginners to take note … 


read more







health12 common grief activities for adults by anne thimbleupdated on may 17, 2024april 29, 2024 

grief is always a challenging process. you might feel like you don’t want to do anything with your time, and you might not even feel like you can get out of bed. however, getting out of bed and at least trying to do something can help you feel better. grief activities can allow you to … 


read more







work5 fun corporate video ideas for businesses by anne thimbleupdated on april 24, 2024april 20, 2024 

corporate videos are designed to reach different audiences so your business can communicate with clients, investors and workers alike. while they are there to entertain, inform and advertise, they often fall flat, and viewers lose interest fast. this can be discouraging because you invest a lot of money and time into producing them, and if … 


read more







workwhat to know before vaping for the first time by anne thimbleupdated on may 6, 2024april 7, 2024 

in recent years, vaping has gained immense popularity as an alternative to traditional smoking. if you’re considering vaping for the first time, all the information online about different vape devices and practices can be overwhelming.  being well-informed is essential to ensuring a safe and enjoyable experience. this guide will walk you through the basics of … 


read more







lifewhat to do when you are retired with no friends by anne thimbleupdated on may 1, 2024march 31, 2024 

retirement can come with different challenges and uncertainties. sure, retiring allows you to have a lot of free time and spend much time with your family and friends. but what if you have no friends?


read more







life9 bathroom renovations for seniors by anne thimbleupdated on may 10, 2024march 31, 2024 

as more older adults choose to age in place, more homes need to be renovated to keep seniors safe. aging in place allows seniors to remain independent and comfortable in a familiar place. yet, falls and injuries are real risks when our loved ones age. home remodelling is a crucial step to enabling their independence.


read more







money14 characteristics of top mortgage agents by anne thimbleupdated on april 3, 2024march 30, 2024 

mortgage agents who excel in their field are guided to the top by combining acquired skills and applied knowledge. a mortgage agent who routinely delivers a strong performance can offer clients in-depth assistance in navigating the complexities of mortgages and their place in real estate transactions. clients often require personalized solutions based on their unique … 


read more







foodhow to stop being a picky eater by anne thimbleupdated on august 26, 2024march 30, 2024 

it’s a frustrating ordeal to spend time thinking and choosing what to eat. it’s also highly annoying when you don’t know what you want to eat. food becomes your enemy in time because you don’t know how to fulfill the hunger pangs by eating something healthy, nutritious, and delicious. there could be times when your … 


read more







moneytips for buying tax sales properties in ontario by anne thimbleupdated on april 16, 2024march 30, 2024 

are you looking to buy some property in ontario? it is one of the hottest markets in the country, with prices that restrict many buyers from getting in. while this is distressing, purchasing a home below market value is possible.


read more




posts navigation
page 1
page 2
…
page 13





 
~ anne thimble ~
the girl who simply loved to write

anne thimble is a self-published author, hoping to capture the attention of a bigger publisher for her next novel. when she isn’t dedicating all her free time to writing, reviewing, and thinking about her story, anne also writes on a freelance basis. 
the life of an aspiring writer trying to promote herself is tough, especially on a meager salary. anyone interested in a quick, versatile author with an extensive writing history, please contact anne for more information on her rates and availability.
contact anne




search for:






10 good gifts for seniors in retirement homesfinding a thoughtful gift for a loved one in a retirement home can be challenging. you want read more ➔
fun hobbies and activities after retirementretirement is a chance to explore, create, and connect in ways that may not have been possible read more ➔
7 easy marketing techniques for small businessesmarketing is crucial for any small business’s success, but it can seem daunting with a tight read more ➔
how to enjoy retirement lifestyle with friendsretirement is a chance to slow down and enjoy life without the stress of a full-time job. a great read more ➔
9 easy and practical travel tips for beginnershey traveller! are you ready for the trip you have been planning for months? travelling across the read more ➔









2025 copyright  anne thimble.  blossom chic | developed by blossom themes. powered by wordpress.                    
        



top





























