









sharp realty, inc: melbourne and izard county arkansas homes and real estate














skip to main content










email

870-368-7839








sharp realty






home



						listings
						

our listings
mls listings



why list with us



						about us
						

agents
testimonials




		local info
		

melbourne, ar area info




contact us









phone
email




skip past categories 








view 427 homes listings












view 71 commercial listings












view 802 land listings







skip past listings in local communities

listings in local communities

calico rock, ar27
guion, ar15
horseshoe bend, ar108
melbourne, ar39
mount pleasant, ar8
pineville, ar4
fulton county, ar389
izard county, ar232
sharp county, ar399
stone county, ar174




 
sharp realty, inc. - arkansas ozark mountain real estate
melbourne, izard county arkansas and white river real estate, homes and land for sale.
at sharp realty, inc. located in melbourne, izard county arkansas, we serve the real estate needs in izard county and the surrounding areas of sylamore, mt. olive and the white river in the ozarks mountains of northern arkansas. our professionals know the area well and we are able to offer a wide selection of homes, farms, land, river front property and timber land. give us a call or stop and see us today if you are looking to buy or sell quality real estate property in one of the most beautiful areas of our country..
if you\'re still searching for that perfect place to relocate, look no further. with our historic sites, picturesque landscapes, growing industry, schools accredited with distinction and many friendly, helpful and caring neighbors, you will find the perfect place here in izard county. you will feel right at home as you arrive in our part of the ozarks mountains..
large tracts of land • river front property • land development • rentals • river lots
farms • subdivisions • new homes • timber • wet lands • commercial property



our testimonials
this is what people are saying about us





roger fleener 
from google opens in a new window
"not much within my price range on listings more of a higher price range realty company"






brandy brannon 
from google opens in a new window
"trey was very nice and also agreed to show us our new property. he was very accommodating and made the paperwork process very easy and enjoyable."






b d a 
from google opens in a new window
"used they"







view more testimonials









receive new listings
sign up!receive new mls listings meeting your saved criteria in your inbox! it's free, you can change your search criteria or cancel at any time and we won't share your data with anyone.
						

sign up now






what's my home worth?
							tell us a little about your home and we'll prepare, for you, a free analysis of your home’s approximate market value. 
						

free report












sharp realty
				david sharp • broker/owner				605 main st
				melbourne, ar 63863
view on google maps in new window
				office: 870-368-7839870-368-7839 treylamb34@gmail.com 


 

				powered by  marketlnk (opens in a new window) 













		we use cookies on our website to provide you with the best possible user experience. by continuing to use our website or services, you agree to their use.
		privacy policy. 
		i accept






privacy policy | 
	terms of use / dmca |
	accessibility








