





wisconsin school music association – growing the future of music education



 









































  













wisconsin school music associationgrowing the future of music educationabout us

our purpose
wsma board of directors
contacts/staff
committees & involvement
field representatives
maps & directions


account portal
awards store
donate
resources

wisconsin school musician
adjudicator center
advocacy resources
board access
festival manager resources
festival music list
pbs wisconsin education
permissions, alternate editions, music transfers
professional learning opportunities
re/sound: songs of wisconsin


press releases
search

membership

become a member school
member resources

wsma accreditation
wsma timeline
festival music list
dues & program fees


membership benefits
family membership
non-member festival music list subscription


concert festivals & clinics

about
festivals vs clinic experience
calendar & scheduling
frequently asked questions
festival resources

festival rules
festival music list
permissions, alternate editions, music transfers
weather emergency procedures
adjudicator center
dues & program fees
festival manager resources




solo & ensemble festivals

about
district calendar & scheduling
state festivals
festival resources

festival rules
festival music list
permissions, alternate editions, music transfers
resources & faqs
dues & program fees
festival manager resources




state honors project

about the project
middle level state honors
high school state honors


marching band activity

about
resources
independent shows & results
state championships
marching band hall of fame


composition project

about
guidelines & entry form
composition resources
results


for teachers

re/sound: songs of wisconsin
professional learning opportunities





































 



welcome!
key information and calendars
state solo & ensemble festival information
important dates & deadlines
concert festival calendar
district solo & ensemble festival calendar


link to account portalyou can now find a link to the account portal in the navigation at the top right of the page. bookmark wsma.users.membersuite.com.

adjudicator centerlooking for the adjudicator center? it can now be found under both the concert and solo & ensemble tabs.


for our members
school membership enrollmentwsma is now accepting enrollment submissions from schools for the 2024-2025 school year. enroll today!

record updatesdon’t forget to update all information in the new account portal to keep our records current! (this is especially important if you have changed schools.)

wsma district mapview the map of the wsma districts by county. a list of schools by district is available to the left of each district board member’s name.

 
wsma accreditationwsma is proud to announce this year’s list of wsma accredited schools! interested in recognition for your outstanding music program? learn more »

 

general news
wisconsin arts in education week
governor evers and state superintendent dr. jill underly have proclaimed “wisconsin arts in education week” september 8-14, 2024.  wisconsin state level arts organizations have joined together to highlight the transformative power of the arts. for more information about how to celebrate, visit americans for the arts – national arts education week site.




music teacher new to your school?if a music teacher is new to your school, they will need to update their account portal profile in order to update our records. if you are a primary contact/account portal admin, you can also add them to the contact list in your school’s profile.

professional development workshopscurrent schedule »


festival news
festival music listgeneral information
information & revision schedule »
access:
teachers at member schools
schools must enroll as 2024-25 wsma members to access benefits such as the music list.
learn how to enroll your school »
login to the account portal »
students and teachers at member schools (requires music list passcode)
go to the music list »
private teachers and music stores
more information »
subscribe now! »

state solo & ensemble2025 state festival dates
locations/schedules/information »
first weekend: april 26, 2025
second weekend: may 3, 2025


new edition available now!
january 2025
“a look back”
this wsm edition reflects on music education, highlighting what has worked well and what we might improve upon to meet current and future needs.
read the full january edition »
 
 

an educational collaboration by wsma and pbs wisconsin education
re/sound: songs of wisconsin
in a state-wide survey and listening sessions with music educators, we learned about the need for current, authentic, culturally diverse resources, as well as support in teaching with and about music from different cultures. this multimedia collection for general music programs serving grades 4-8 includes video interviews with wisconsin musicians, performances, audio files, and educator engagement guides designed to help activate the media with learners.
learn more »

contact us
wisconsin school music association 
1005 quinn drive 
waunakee, wi 53597 
608.850.3566 
800.589.9762  

business hours: 
m-f 8:00 am - 4:30 pm

quick links
advertising opportunities
board access
professional learning opportunities
wisconsin award for excellence in teaching music
wisconsin center for music education

host an event at the center


wsma branding & logo use

connect with us
wsma public page
wsma private group
wsma twitter
wsma instagram

partner organizations
wisconsin music educators association
wisconsin foundation for school music



wsma is a registered 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. dmca policy
copyright © 2025 · wisconsin school music association · log in












