






home - fst america | machinery division















































skip to content


 






home
about us
product line
our services
contact us
current ad
 














fst america / machinery division








lots of features








a better future











parts department






service department






machine specials









welcome to fst america / machinery division

fst america | machinery division, a subsidiary of femco machine tools, is an importer of fine crafted cnc machines tools manufactured in taiwan. fst america offers a variety of cnc machines tools including cnc horizontal slant bed lathes, vertical lathes, horizontal boring mills, vertical machining centers, double column machining centers, and machines explicitly designed for the wheel manufacturers. among the cnc machines tool brands imported by fst america is femco, which has been manufacturing metalworking tools since 1958. fst america is dedicated to providing affordable pricing and dependable performance for the finest cnc machine tools in the industry. all the cnc manufacturers that fst america imports have years of experience and expertise. fst america mission is to provide top quality cnc machine tools to companies through our network of highly qualified machine tool distributors. we make it our business to increase yours. if your company is looking for quality metalworking tools, browse through our product offerings, and if you don’t find what you’re looking for please contact us because we import a massive line of cnc machines tools. to find the perfect machine solution contact our sales department for more information. phone +1-714-898-2066 or email: sales@femcousa.com .





                interested in learning more how femco cnc machines can help your business?            


    				call us today for more information and a free price quote    			


                call us today!                 




meet our cnc machines






 




vertical machining centers









 




turning centers









 




wheel machines









fst america | machinery division

7142 belgrave ave, garden grove, ca, usa, 92841
+1-714-898-2066
sales@femcousa.com

 









fst america | machinery division7142 belgrave ave, garden grove, ca, usa, 92841+1-714-898-2066sales@femcousa.com



copyright © 2024 fst america all rights reserved. | theme: dikka business by creativ themes.























