










home - morehead-rowan county chamber of commerce
























































  

















skip to content









member login | join the chamber | contact us






















































menu


about

about the chamber
board of directors
directory
contact us


events

community calendar
chamber calendar


business resources

kentucky business one stop
business license and occupational tax
economic development council
community data


membership
live here

live and work
shopping
dining
lodging
real estate


young professionals
 















 





welcome to the






morehead-rowan county chamber of commerce























our members 
 
















member login 
 
















member benefits 
 
















join us 
 












the morehead-rowan county chamber of commerce, inc. has taken an aggressive leadership role in the industrial, educational and economic planned growth for morehead and rowan county. we are confident you are seeing the progress our area has experienced and is continuing to experience. the chamber continues in our mission to assist with the development of morehead and rowan county into one of the finest places to live, work and visit.

















mark your calendars






in conjunction with the economic development council and downtown morehead, inc., we have been instrumental in helping bring business and industry to our area while supporting those already located here. we also work with our city/county governments and morehead tourism commission to bring thousands of visitors in to experience this beautiful region we are so blessed to live in.
















chamber events 
upcoming events hosted by the chamber


go to calendar


 


















member events 
upcoming events hosted by our members


go to calendar


 










upcoming events



























who we recommend






morehead and rowan county is a progressive community taking the challenges necessary to ensure planned growth and development.  we are home to morehead state university, who is only one of four universities in the nation to offer a space science degree and will soon have the center for advanced manufacturing through maysville community & technical college to train our workforce in specialized fields.





















                                realtors                            














                                shopping                            














                                restaurants                            














                                entertainment                            















welcome new members!



















view directory


















why join the chamber?






facilitating a network of our business and professional people is paramount in our effort to nurture a successful business environment within our city and county. exposure, support, credibility and networking offered by our chamber offer big advantages for your business/organization.












become a member










 












© 2025 morehead-rowan county chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!













(606) 784-6221 














150 east first street morehead ky 40351 














info@moreheadchamber.com 










strategic plans






downtown morehead strategic plan
morehead-rowan county housing recommendations
 
 
 
 









stay connected!






































 © 

 morehead-rowan county chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top














