






poetry.com





























login 

the stands4 network

abbreviations.com
anagrams.net
biographies.net
calculators.net
convert.net
definitions.net
grammar.com
literature.com
lyrics.com
phrases.com
poetry.com
quotes.net
references.net
rhymes.com
scripts.com
symbols.com
synonyms.com
uszip.com

 






by titlein poemsfor poets 



#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new poems
 











by title
in poems
for poets



 






welcome to poetry.com!



poetry.com is a collaborative platform for poets worldwide, offering a vast collection of works by both renowned and emerging poets. it's a community-driven project that serves as a hub for poets to share their works, receive feedback, and connect with like-minded fellow poets.


explore our poetry collection by navigating through subjects, using alphabetical order, or search by keywords. you can contribute a new poem, share your thoughts and rating on existing works, listen to poems with voice pronunciation, and even translate pieces into a variety of languages, both common and uncommon.

submit your poem










rate this poem:5.0 / 4 votes a poem waiting to be found

luciana fisher
lifereflective 
free verse
promoted 




there is a poem here,
but i don’t want to promote it.

i don’t want it to come to you—that easy.
i want you to come to it.
to find it.
to rescue it from a strange corner on the internet,
from a dusty shelf,
or a quiet store.

i want it to find a home in your home,
to travel with you in your car,
to be tucked in your purse.
i want your eyes to see it,
and your heart to feel it.
for you to treasure it,
because it brings meaning to a moment,
or revives a memory.

and in the process,
i want it to rescue you.

i want you to find it in the corner café,
in the hands of a beautiful stranger,
so captivated, they miss your gaze.
to find it in the book your best friend swears you’ll love.

i want it to surprise you,
to stop you mid-scroll.
to be among the pages you turn
with careful fingertips,
you’ll press to your lips.

i want you to read it on a subway car in a strange country,
on your commute to work,
in the back of a car on a mid-summer ride,
with your windows down,
feeling the breeze and the warmth of the sun on your skin.
i want you to remember it.

i want it to consume you, to inspire you.
for you to give it meaning—
draw from it what you need,
whatever it serves.

i want you to rescue my poetry from its solitude.
to give you pause.
to keep you company,
and to be the company you keep.

to be found by chance,
and kept by choice.

i don’t want to promote my poetry,
but quietly, i hope it finds the world.
i want it to speak volumes,
to find you when it’s ready—
to slip into your heart
and add poetry to your life.


about this poem
this poem is an invitation for those who don’t typically read poetry, consider it a quiet moment waiting to be uncovered, something that doesn’t demand attention but rather hopes to find you at the right time. 

font size:


 collection 
                						 
                						 edit 
                						 
                						 
                						 
                					
 
written on november 07, 2024
submitted by @lbfisher on november 07, 2024





1:51 min read

297 views









luciana fisher
 · 1982 · niteroi rj luciana fisher is a brazilian-american immigrant, rising poet, and passionate writer currently pursuing a ba in social sciences with a concentration in economics at new york university (nyu). after graduating with honors from bmcc and earning an associate's degree in the arts of economics, she reignited her passion for poetry, which helped her in overcoming challenges after a cancer diagnosis. her writing explores themes of identity, vulnerability, personal growth, and the intricacies of communication through poetry and prose. more…
all luciana fisher poems | luciana fisher books

 follow
21 fans











translation
find a translation for this poem in other languages:



select another language:

- select - 简体中文 (chinese - simplified) 繁體中文 (chinese - traditional) español (spanish) esperanto (esperanto) 日本語 (japanese) português (portuguese) deutsch (german) العربية (arabic) français (french) русский (russian) ಕನ್ನಡ (kannada) 한국어 (korean) עברית (hebrew) gaeilge (irish) українська (ukrainian) اردو (urdu) magyar (hungarian) मानक हिन्दी (hindi) indonesia (indonesian) italiano (italian) தமிழ் (tamil) türkçe (turkish) తెలుగు (telugu) ภาษาไทย (thai) tiếng việt (vietnamese) čeština (czech) polski (polish) bahasa indonesia (indonesian) românește (romanian) nederlands (dutch) ελληνικά (greek) latinum (latin) svenska (swedish) dansk (danish) suomi (finnish) فارسی (persian) ייִדיש (yiddish) հայերեն (armenian) norsk (norwegian) english (english)







discuss the poem a poem waiting to be found with the community...









https://www.poetry.com/poem/203418/a-poem-waiting-to-be-found



newest
oldest
popular


6 comments





















0:00
0:00
 clear






 notify me of new comments via email.




publish








susan.brumelhmmm. this poem is very familiar to me. it’s brilliant, luciana. you’ve captured all of our hearts with this one. thank you for sharing yours.likereply8 hours agoakinpet23a good form of attraction and reflection of what poetry is and should be.likereply14 hours agothembieangieemti love how this poem invites readers to discover it naturally, in their own time and place. it feels like a quiet companion, waiting to resonate when needed most. beautiful.likereply 115 hours ago@lbfisher: thank you. i am glad it came to you and that you found value in it. it is the dream of every writer, right?likereply 114 hours agothembieangieemtyes. to have our work recognized and acknowledged is one of the best feelings.you're welcome.likereply13 hours agoalanswansea18you have a lot of talent and you know it.likereply 23 months agophilmaundto be able to express what every poet feels is a rare talent.  to do it so well and so vividly, rarer still.  i reread this several times and i stopped mid-scroll in a different place each time. this is so good! "to be found by chance, and kept by choice" is brilliant! more »likereply 13 months agolf860thank you so much for your beautiful words. it means a great deal to know that a poem waiting to be found resonated with you and captured that shared experience so vividly. hearing that you stopped mid-scroll at different places on each reading is incredibly touching—it’s all i could hope for as a writer. i’m especially glad the line “to be found by chance, and kept by choice” stood out for you. thank you for taking the time to connect so deeply with this piece. more »likereply3 months agogary_deani share that dream which probably doesn't surprise you. it feels like writing them and dropping them randomly to find their fate. i drop them here and there. i promoted one here to introduce myself hoping it might spark interest in reading more. i suspect we'll never know what effect our words might have, if any. we live in hope, and that's not a bad way to live. more »likereply 23 months agolf860, indeed. i was reflecting on that dream. the dream of not having to promote it. i guess being published would help.likereply3 months ago






×close
report comment


we're doing our best to make sure our content is useful, accurate and safe.if by any chance you spot an inappropriate comment while navigating through our website please use this form to let us know, and we'll take care of it shortly.






cancel
report








×close
attachment






close









×
you need to be logged in to favorite.




 

 




or fill the form below



create a new account











your name:*required







your email address:*required







pick a user name:*required






join






log in







username:*required





password:*required





log in

forgot your password?   retrieve it









 


citation
use the citation below to add this poem to your bibliography:



style:mlachicagoapa
"poetry.com" poetry.com. stands4 llc, 2025. web. 19 feb. 2025. <https://www.poetry.com/>.


powered by cite.me

 






become a member!
join our community of poets and poetry lovers to share your work and offer feedback and encouragement to writers all over the world!



signup












close










the web's largest resource for
poets, poems & poetry
 a member of the stands4 network



enter our february contest to win cash prizes!
×


 



february 2025
poetry contest


join our monthly contest for an opportunity to win cash prizes and attain global acclaim for your talent.
submissions due in...



9
days


17
hours


35
minutes






93 entries submitted — 57 remaining
enter here »












special program
earn rewards!


unlock exciting rewards such as a free mug and free contest pass by commenting on fellow members' poems today! 
learn more »





our awesome collection of
promoted poems

»

moving forwardsharona reeveslanterns-lit year of the…william hegone but not forgottenjordane garritythe calming stormguy albertyou never were on timejessica wheelera poem waiting to be fou…luciana fisherthe reason why i sleep.robert allen
get promoted 






browse poetry.com



#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new poems 









quiz
are you a poetry master?

»

who wrote the poem "ozymandias"?


a
william wordsworth


b
rudyard kipling


c
rainer maria rilke


d
percy bysshe shelley



















fresh
our latest poems

»


a cupt that never came
by thembieangieemt
destilling
by heather lydia thornhill
ca-502
by b. hernandez
fluttering of pr0verbial butterflies
by mark e. s.
the crone maiden.
by w.b. harrington.
red bloods of the rock
by bangbula brahma uzir
"for dad"
by lungu


submit a new poem







our favorite collection of
famous poets

»

robert frost1874 - 1963rabindranath tagore1861 - 1941dylan thomas1914 - 1953walt whitman1819 - 1892william wordsworth1770 - 1850john keats1795 - 1821rainer maria rilke1875 - 1926


















your adhere!




your adhere!















company

home
about
news
press
awards
testimonials



editorial

login
add a new poem
become a member
meet the members
recently added
activity log
most popular
poetry forms
faq







services

tools
your collection
tell a friend
bookmark us
help me out!
poetry api
promote 
haiku checker
poem generator
articles



legal & contact

terms of use
privacy policy
contact us
advertise
affiliate program





the stands4 network

abbreviations
anagrams
biographies
calculators
conversions
definitions
grammar
literature
lyrics
phrases
poetry
quotes
references
rhymes
scripts
symbols
synonyms
zip codes


© 2001-2025 stands4 llc.all rights reserved.






















