


web design and development india, search engine optimization (seo), 
digital media marketing, web hosting service, jaipur-rajasthan india





























about us
mission & vission
services
technology
portfolio
contact us














about us
next wave 
		india is proudly celebrating its 14 years of success with a keen vision 
		in digital media in jaipur, rajasthan. 

		next wave india fastest growing it services provider companies which 
		provide web designing, web development, web applications, e-commerce 
		shopping sites, portals development, software solutions, branding & 
		search engine optimization (seo)/digital marketing solutions and android 
		mobile apps etc.

		we’re glad you visited our website. as a bunch of young, passionate and 
		dedicated professionals, we are keen to associate with you. let’s start 
		our relation with a hello….

		 










mission & vission
our mission
		our mission is to provide the client satisfaction and creativity at 
		lowest and nominal rates. 







our vision
		to be one of the leading companies in the field of website designing, 
		developing and web hosting. we help the customer to advertise them self 
		so that they can get involved more in the market. as per the requirement 
		of the client we give them satisfactory work.we also provide different 
		kinds of templates some for free to download and some payable.
		 



services
its too different & unique 
recommended it designing services

in the competitive market novel web creation offers the best it services to the 
client. our company is using the upgraded technology in the website designing 
and development. the main aim of the company gives the maximum return with low 
investment for every industry & company. we are working on every latest 
technology such as .net, php, java and also involve in the services of mobile 
application development in i-phone, blackberry, android and windows.

as we know in today's everyone wants highest profit from the business whenever 
that enterprise small, medium or large. so that internet marketing & seo is the 
best option for your business. we have great experienced team of seo that helps 
you to improve your business. our company services always connected with the 
client need & demand. 

 
 



technology
what is web 
		technology?
web technology relates to 
		the interface between web servers and their clients. it includes markup 
		languages, programming interfaces and languages, and standards for 
		document identification and display.
technologies used for web 
		development, we offer first-rate web solutions using latest in market 
		web technologies in according to the needs of clients. we help you to 
		boost your business sales and harvest best possible outcomes. depending 
		upon the nature of client’s website, we make use of advance scripting 
		languages for development projects. our company is a web design agency 
		providing our clients with creative websites that offer complete 
		satisfaction and offshore web design.
some of the 
		languages used by us includes following
xhtml
xhtml is a markup language 
		designed to structure information for presentation as web pages. rather 
		than relying on wysiwyg programs, we write all our xhtml by hand, 
		ensuring that it is clean, valid and of the highest standard. this means 
		that pages have fastest download times possible, are viewable on all 
		browsers, are search engine friendly, and have maximum forward 
		compatibility.
cascading style 
		sheets – css
cascading style sheets 
		control how web pages are displayed in the browser, and allow the 
		separation of presentation from structure and content. css help ensure 
		that web pages are presented in an accessible way to all visitors, over 
		a wide range of media.
javascript/ecma 
		script
javascript is a lightweight 
		scripting technology which is used alongside xhtml documents to make 
		websites more interactive.
php
php is a fast, server-side 
		scripting language that is used to create interactive, dynamic web 
		sites. it is particularly well-suited to integrating with a range of 
		databases.
cgi/perl
perl is a programming 
		language that can handle input and output from a web server, usually 
		through the common gateway interface. it is most commonly used to 
		process information through forms.
xml/xsl
xml is a software and 
		hardware independent markup language designed for describing and 
		transmitting information. it is set to become the most common tool for 
		all data manipulation and data transmission. xsl is a language for 
		defining, transforming and formatting xml documents.
mysql
mysql is a fast, 
		open-source relational database management system that uses the popular 
		structured query language (sql). it is perfect for most websites that 
		need database functionality, and works hand-in-hand with php.
postgresql
postgresql is a more 
		sophisticated open-source relational database management system. it is 
		well-suited to sites that require robust database functionality, such as 
		e-commerce sites.
linux/apache
linux is a popular 
		open-source operating system, and apache is the most widely-used web 
		server on the internet. together they provide a fast, extremely 
		reliable, secure platform for web sites.
ssl/secure servers
unlike normal web servers, 
		secure servers ensure that information exchanged between the visitor and 
		the web site cannot be viewed by any third parties. a secure server is 
		essential when handling confidential information, such as online credit 
		card transactions or personal medical details. ssl, or secure socket 
		layer, is one method of exchanging data securely.
database servers 
		for support

ms sql server
mysql or ms access

our specialized web 
		development services include:

customized cms 
			development
search engine friendly 
			web development
customized e-commerce 
			web development
open source cms design 
			& development
php web development
intranet solutions
web portals and many 
			more





portfolio
we have a wealth of 
		experience in catering for crowds in the thousands. we believe that the 
		client deserves quality service at affordable prices.

listed below is the list of clientele we have catered for: 




apna bazaar ajmer

anurag villa

agarwal properties

ajmera tours



amer city heritage 
				hotel

arihant inc

arihant jewelry

asa design india



ayurvedic remedies

balaji dham jaipur

bearin graces

bhati tours



briquette india

beauty palace

bubber handicrafts

casa de plata



champion plastic

charak ayurveda

ccb chittor

dolphin gems



many more...






contact us
let's call, discuss and interact in 
detail on how we can assist your various web requirements. stay connected with 
us to come out in flying colors.
next wave india
address: a-430, 
		vidhyut nagar,  near ajmer road, jaipur -302021 (raj.) india

mobile: +91-8947836661

email: 
		info@nextwaveindia.com 

web:  
		www.nextwaveindia.com 

		-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
enquiry





your feedback is always important 
											to us for our continuous 
											improvement.


















company details :-










name :-








contact no.  :-
















email  :-









subject  :-









query/comments :-








 


















															 




															 

															 









 



 

dentist in jaipur  i
dental clinic in jaipur  i 
dental hospital in jaipur  i 

dental implants 
jaipur 


