








healdsburg hotel | bella luna inn | sonoma wine country b&b




























































skip to content








phone: (707) 395-0117 

check availability 














  


search for:








homeaboutroomspoliciesbreakfastexplore healdsburgabout healdsburg, cahealdsburg restaurantswineries & tasting roomsoutdoor adventuresmore things to docontact 


search for:








homeaboutroomspoliciesbreakfastexplore healdsburgabout healdsburg, cahealdsburg restaurantswineries & tasting roomsoutdoor adventuresmore things to docontacthomeaboutroomspoliciesbreakfastexplore healdsburgabout healdsburg, cahealdsburg restaurantswineries & tasting roomsoutdoor adventuresmore things to docontact 










 





healdsburg luxury inn 
							 


central location - sonoma wine country 
							 


rich furnishings & original art 
							 


3 private suites & a cottage 
							 


near world class restaurants & wineries 
							 





 




homechristine gustafson2024-12-05t14:13:47-08:00 
welcome to our sonoma wine country inn located in downtown healdsburgbella luna inn was first built in 1909 and has been fully remodeled both inside and out to offer our guests comfort and privacy in a welcoming, memorable setting. each spacious and thoughtfully decorated guest room has a luxurious private bathroom that includes all the amenities guests come to expect. the backyard deck and pool are surrounded by lush gardens, providing a serene environment for your relaxing vacation getaway. free wi-fi and private parking is also provided for our guests.
check availabilityluxury amenites
the bella luna inn is an owner-operated bed and breakfast in the heart of the vibrant and culturally rich healdsburg. we provide our guests with outstanding service and first-rate amenities, including the following:

complimentary wi-fi (5g)
heated pool
king beds
micro-fiber sheets (500 count)
40″ led hdtv
private bathrooms
walk-in spa showers
hotel brand towels
in-room mini-refrigerator
free parking
lush gardens
backyard deck
personalized concierge service

select a roomexperience the sonoma wine country
our sonoma bed and breakfast is the perfect choice for a rejuvenating and memorable escape to sonoma county. we are located a pleasant, five minute walk from the enchanting healdsburg town square, where you will find restaurants, art galleries, boutiques, tasting rooms, and so much more. a cultural hub for events and festivals, locals also love to stroll through the square on warm summer nights or enjoy a picnic among the trees, gazebo, and fountain.
sonoma county is widely considered one of the best wine destinations in the world. oenophiles come from all across the globe to try the wines at sonoma’s unique, internationally acclaimed wineries. sonoma is home to 425 wineries and boasts over 60,000 acres of vineyards stretching from the pacific coast all the way to the lovely mayacamas mountains.
for active guests, sonoma county is a mecca for nature lovers and outdoor adventurers of all stripes. while you are staying at bella luna inn in healdsburg, you can bike, hike, canoe, kayak, fish, swim, play tennis, view wildlife, and so much more.
plan your getawaybreakfast
…at a world class french bakery
all guest’s of the bella luna inn are treated to a full breakfast at costeaux’s, 2007’s national retail bakery of the year! it is less than a 2-minute walk from the inn.
view breakfastbook direct and save
the best way to make a reservation is directly on our website or over the phone with us. here’s why:

lowest rates possible – every time
no hidden costs, booking or services fees
priority consideration for room requests
early check-in / late check-out consideration
most flexible cancellation terms

book directsurround yourself with nature
a stay at the bella luna sonoma is a true luxury escape. our lush garden is the perfect place to relax and enjoy a delicious glass of sonoma wine. you will feel totally at peace surrounded by our fragrant palm, orange, fig, olive, and tangerine trees. located near the swimming pool and deck, our tranquil garden oasis beckons guests looking to unwind with a good book, good wine, or good company.
about our innsign up for our newsletter
get news from bella luna inn, stay up to date on healdsburg happenings, and be the first to know about special offers!
*please know that we respect your privacy and only use your email address for our newsletters.
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *submit 

beautiful inn, great location
we stayed at the bella luna inn for one night, and everything was superb. very clean, beautiful grounds, and we were fortunate to stay in the extremely comfortable large, quiet “cottage” room near the pool. every single amenity has been thought of and supplied. daniel is a gem; very helpful and easy to work with when we had to change our reservation due to a restaurant reservation rescheduled. the coupon for breakfast was to a cafe we weren’t aware of – it was excellent! we’ve stayed at other higher ticket hotels in healdsburg, but for now on the bella luna will be our top choice for a perfect stay in healdsburg.
~ rose, san francisco 12/23




 
 





 bella luna inn
sonoma wine country
530 healdsburg avenue
healdsburg, ca 95448
phone: (707) 395-0117
email: daniel@bellalunasonoma.com
web: https://bellalunasonoma.com

 

 let’s connect
 

 

 quick links
check availability & book online
accessibility statement
privacy policy
site map

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025  |  elegant website design: innlight marketing  |  dedicated wordpress hosting: acies communications 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link






winter special 20% offfebruary/march 2025book now























go to top






