






denver | kindred hospitals

































                skip navigation
            















                find a location
            



                refer a patient
            



                news & stories
            



                careers
            



                contact us
            

















label











patients & families


patient care


why kindred?


patient success stories


frequent questions


ca "help paying your bill"


schedule a tour




healthcare professionals


why refer to kindred?


research & insights


refer a patient




types of care


respiratory care


wound care


infectious disease care


medically complex care


intensive care


brain injury & stroke care


cardiac care


kidney care


rehabilitation


view all care options










                        find a location
                    



                        refer a patient
                    



                        news & stories
                    



                        careers
                    



                        contact us
                    




            skip to menu toggle button
        




















long-term acute care
kindred hospital denver
1920 high street, denver, co 80218 | 303.320.5871





schedule a tour













 






















explore hospital























plan your stay























visitor info























get directions











 










 


















about our hospital

kindred hospital denver and acute rehabilitation unit (aru) is an all-private room 81-bed hospital located on one of denver’s important medical campuses, just east of st. joseph’s hospital and presbyterian st. luke’s medical center. with 68 long-term acute care hospital (ltach) beds, we offer the same in depth care you would receive in a traditional hospital, but for an extended recovery period. our 13-bed aru is designed for people who have experienced the debilitating effects of an acute injury, impairment or illness and like the ltach, we partner with your physician and offer 24-hour clinical care seven days a week so you can start your journey to wellness. our care has touched individuals from the front range, the western slopes of colorado, and throughout the country.


about kindred









 















 









care for complex conditions

patients come to our hospitals with serious conditions such as respiratory failure, complex wounds, sepsis, stroke, congestive heart failure, or even a combination of these. their diagnoses are often complicated by existing health problems like diabetes or copd. many of our patients require treatments such as mechanical ventilators, dialysis, or iv therapy.


see all types of care






respiratory carewound careinfectious disease caremedically complex careintensive carebrain injury & stroke carecardiac carekidney care
comprehensive rehabilitation







 















 


















our acute rehab unit

our acute rehabilitation unit (aru) is located on the second floor of kindred hospital denver. our inpatient rehabilitation services are designed for people who have experienced the debilitating effects of an acute injury, impairment, or illness. the goal is to help each individual function as independently as possible through specialized treatment programs for conditions including stroke, brain injury, spinal cord injury, orthopedic injury, neurological conditions, amputation, and trauma.


learn about acute rehab unit









 










 



nearby locations



 

























kindred hospital aurora
long-term acute care








 



view location > | get directions >




schedule a tour >



 















 















 







want to know more?




get in touch







 


































680 south fourth st
louisville, ky 40202
866.kindred 















who we are


patient care


healthcare professionals


managed care


types of care


find a location


schedule a tour


news & stories


careers


contact us


site map




legal


website privacy policy


terms of use


accessibility policy


notice of privacy practices


notice of privacy practices (espanol)


price transparency


notice of nondiscrimination


transparency in coverage


california consumer privacy policy


california privacy rights policy


california "help paying your bill"









about kindred hospitals
kindred hospitals is a nation-wide network of long-term acute care hospitals, providing specialized treatment and rehabilitation to medically complex patients.  with physician-led, interdisciplinary care and early mobility, we help patients with multiple serious illnesses or injuries regain their independence and return to the lives they love.








                        copyright © 2024 knight health holdings, llc
                    



















