







water systems







































































































              welcome
            

        about
      

        our commitment
      

        customer care
      

        contact
      



        pay your bill / login to account
      

        get water systems
      

        customer service: 800-366-0206
      



















































welcomeaboutour commitmentcustomer carecontact











pay your bill / login to accountget water systemscustomer service: 800-366-0206









scroll






      












 

abouton a sunny day in 1993, a group of experienced property managers came together to solve a problem plaguing their industry: water management. high water bills, leaks, and other issues were causing financial hardships for multi-unit housing professionals across the board. the managers knew they needed to find a way to reduce operating costs and conserve water. after hard work and testing, the team developed a unique system of monitoring monthly water use, billing each unit individually, and installing a shut-off valve in every unit. within three months, the overall water bill of the property was reduced by 50%! today, water systems provides both superior equipment and a state-of-the-art billing service to over 600 properties across 30 states.  we account for every drop of water used and accurately bill the responsible resident. our technology is the leading the sub-metering industry! don’t get left behind. give us a call to speak with one of our experts about how water systems can save both water and money at your property today!

 







 









 











valuewhy water systems? the answer is simple. water systems inc., is a unique submetering and utility billing company that can save you money. you don’t pay for your neighbor's hbo channels and you don’t pay for your neighbor’s dog walker, so why would you pay for their utility usage?  at water systems inc., we bill residents individually. that means you only pay for what you use! go ahead, use the extra money for something fun. 

 











innovationall of us at water systems care about our planet. our state-of-the-art sub-metering systems can reduce individual water usage up to 39%! and with over 600 properties across 30 states, that’s a lot of water. the team is working hard and improving our operations daily in order to shrink our carbon footprint and create the most positive impact on the environment. help us conserve water today!

 











serviceat water systems, we have a commitment to excellence. while property managers and owners may be the people we sell our product to, you, the resident, are our end user. we have a robust customer service department ready to answer any questions or concerns that you may have regarding your bill.








water systems ended up saving me an additional $30 a month on my utility bills because of a leak that they caught in my unit. their customer service has been second to none and i always know if i have an issue that someone will pick up the phone. it's made utility bill paying so easy! ** satisfied client **









 

customer care we’re here for you! please do not hesitate to contact us at 800-366-0206 should you have any questions about your service.bilingual customer service available m-f, 8am-5pm cst

 

paying your bill just got easier! credit card or echeck: online or via calling customer service free iphone and android appfree ach automatic draftebill for emailed billing statementsto sign up for free ach draft and/or ebill, click here*(convenience fees do apply for credit card or echeck payments)

 
















send payments to:utility billing servicesp.o. box 31569clarksville, tn 37040-0027email: info@watersystems.com








home



about



our commitment



testimonial



customer care



contact








 


    pay your bill
  

 



water systems, inc. / utility billing services
franklin, tn 37064
tel 800-366-0206
info@watersystems.com


hours
mon 8am-5pm
tue 8am-5pm
wed 8am-5pm
thu 8am-5pm
fri 8am-5pm




homeaboutour commitmentcontact


 











 






