



  



ipad mounts, ipad holders & ipad stands | tablet accessories by octa





























































logincart 




productstablettailkitsotterbox universespider monkeylynxlynx 360rhinorhino 360whalecomponentsspidergravity plateclampvacuum dockwall mountmonkeytailbridgebridge 360whaletailotterbox plateotterbox caseaboutabout uscareerssupportvideofaqcontact usshippingwarrantyreturnswhere to buynewssocialpressmediagallery 





 









lean back and relax.learn more compatible with all models of ipad, surface, kindle, galaxy, venue and beyond... 
works with all tabletsuniversallearn morethe perfect setup every timeany tablet , any wherelet us hold that for you.easy fast 360° adjstumentsto your living room  from the coffee shop

learn more     or music standor cookbookor security monitora portable easelwhat ever you needlearn more     our ipad stands make your apps easier to use. feels like  hardly workinglearn more     portableplaytimedesigned to be mobile, durable and magical.let your device flyvacuum suction you can trust.  
3 pumps and you are locked and loaded.






you’ll enjoy books and movies in comfort, with this flexible ipad holder for bed.  move your tablet stand to the couch or sofa for hands-free, eye-level relaxation.


learn more







get inspired by your portable ipad stand. take photos with a collapsible tripod mount. make melodies with a music stand for your digital device. take your muse everywhere!
learn more







the workday goes faster with a mobile device. at the office, warehouse, store, or workshop, this ipad stand keeps your technology conveniently close. use it on android and windows tablets too!
learn more







whether you study at your desk, in a dorm, at the library, or on the go, this tablet stand has your schoolwork covered. ditch the heavy backpack. let this sleek stand hold digital textbooks instead.
learn more







create culinary perfection with the help of your technology. with a kitchen mount for your tablet, you’ll make more space on the counter. recipes and cooking tips will never be far from reach.
learn more







this flexible ipad stand holds any tablet, anywhere. create your own mobile entertainment station! wherever you go, you’ll enjoy unparalleled access to media and apps.
learn more












“the spider monkey by octa is the creme de la creme of tablet holders. ”





“when its attached correctly, you can shake it as hard as you can, and it won’t budge.”





“the device made the tablet much easier to hold, carry and set down when i needed to pick up something else.”





“despite its firm grip on the back of the tablet, the dome is easy to remove.”







shop

whale kitmonkey kit

shopping info

returnswarrantyshipping

support

faqprivacyfine print

us

about uscontact us

news

blogpress releases
connect


sign up for our newsletter





©2025 octa, llc























