


born again redneck's daily duh!



















    
	born again redneck's daily duh!
	
  
calling this blog "born again redneck" is meant as a joke in reaction to the sanctimonious leftists but i'm neither "born again" nor a "redneck."

i'm really just a middle-aged, middle-class, middle-brow, middle-of-the-road, moderately libertarian republican, "don't tread on me", "don't fence me in" farmer.





saturday, may 26, 2012



	 
	 thomas hobbes: the father of "the social contract"
	 
    




it's a big pic. click on it if you want to see what a real mature 
beautiful adult human male looks like. and then bow down and accept your
 lowliness in his presence. 

thomas hobbes of malmesbury (5 april 1588 – 4 december 1679):


his 1651 book leviathan established the foundation for most of western political philosophy from the perspective of social contract theory.



hobbes was a champion of absolutism for the sovereign but he also 
developed some of the fundamentals of european liberal thought: the 
right of the individual; the natural equality of all men; the artificial
 character of the political order (which led to the later distinction between civil society and the state);
 the view that all legitimate political power must be "representative" 
and based on the consent of the people; and a liberal interpretation of 
law which leaves people free to do whatever the law does not explicitly 
forbid.



in addition to political philosophy, hobbes also contributed to a 
diverse array of other fields, including history, geometry, the physics 
of gases, theology, ethics, and general philosophy.


hobbes worked as a private tutor in paris from 1631 to 1637 and later, 
because of his uncompromising honesty, hobbes had to flee to france and 
lived in paris for another 11 years from 1640 to 1651.


the english civil war broke out in 1642, and when the royalist cause 
began to decline in the middle of 1644 there was an exodus of the king's
 supporters to europe. many came to paris and were known to hobbes.

the company of the exiled royalists led hobbes to produce an english 
book to set forth his theory of civil government in relation to the 
political crisis resulting from the war. the state, it now seemed to 
hobbes, might be regarded as a great artificial man or monster (leviathan),
 composed of men, with a life that might be traced from its generation 
under pressure of human needs to its dissolution through civil strife 
proceeding from human passions.



...


leviathan was written during the english civil war; much of the 
book is occupied with demonstrating the necessity of a strong central 
authority to avoid the evil of discord and civil war.



 beginning from a mechanistic
 understanding of human beings and the passions, hobbes postulates what 
life would be like without government, a condition which he calls the state of nature.
 in that state, each person would have a right, or license, to 
everything in the world. this, hobbes argues, would lead to a "war of 
all against all" (bellum omnium contra omnes).
 the description contains what has been called one of the best known 
passages in english philosophy, which describes the natural state 
mankind would be in, were it not for political community: 

in such condition, there is no place for industry; because the fruit 
thereof is uncertain: and consequently no culture of the earth; no 
navigation, nor use of the commodities that may be imported by sea; no 
commodious building; no instruments of moving, and removing, such things
 as require much force; no knowledge of the face of the earth; no 
account of time; no arts; no letters; no society; and which is worst of 
all, continual fear, and danger of violent death; and the life of man, 
solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.

— leviathan xiii "chapter xiii.: of the natural condition of mankind as concerning their felicity, and misery.", leviathan



in such a state, people fear death, and lack both the things necessary to commodious living, and the hope of being able to toil to obtain them. so in order to avoid it people accede to a social contract and establish a civil society. according to hobbes, society is a population beneath a sovereign authority,
 to whom all individuals in that society cede some rights for the sake 
of protection. any abuses of power by this authority are to be accepted 
as the price of peace. there is no doctrine of separation of powers in hobbes's discussion. according to hobbes, the sovereign must control civil, military, judicial, and ecclesiastical powers.



the hobbesian origin of jefferson's idea that "all men are created equal": 


thomas hobbes also proposed an early variant of equality among men in his treatise leviathan:

    

nature hath made men so equal in the faculties of body and mind as 
that, though there be found one man sometimes manifestly stronger in 
body or of quicker mind than another, yet when all is reckoned together 
the difference between man and man is not so considerable as that one 
man can thereupon claim to himself any benefit to which another may not 
pretend as well as he. for as to the strength of body, the weakest has 
strength enough to kill the strongest, either by secret machination or 
by confederacy with others that are in the same danger with himself. an 
as to the faculties of the mind, setting aside the arts grounded upon 
words, and especially that skill of proceeding upon general and 
infallible rules, called science, which very few have and but in few 
things, as being not a native faculty born with us, nor attained, as 
prudence, while we look after somewhat else, i find yet a greater 
equality amongst men than that of strength. for prudence is but 
experience, which equal time equally bestows on all men in those things 
they equally apply themselves unto.


jean jacques rousseau and john locke each took the social contract theory one step further: 

rousseau wrote the social contract, or principles of political right
 in which he explained that the government is based on the idea of 
popular sovereignty. thus the will of the people as a whole gives power 
and direction to the state. 

john locke also based his political writings on the idea of the social 
contract. he stressed the role of the individual. he also believed that 
revolution was not just a right but an obligation if the state abused 
their given power. obviously these ideas had a huge impact on the 
founding fathers, especially thomas jefferson and james madison. 
the bottom line of human life is that it is a "war of all against all". 
if you haven't figured that out (as well as the need for a "social 
contract") then you can't be called an adult man. hobbes was mistaken about the cure for disease but he got the diagnosis right.

ps btw if you haven't figured out yet that the perfect "social contract" is the declaration of independence and the constitution of the united states, you're nuts or mentally retarded or a thumb-sucking teenage wanker.



posted by joubert at 10:22 pm
 | 







friday, february 03, 2012



	 
	 mitt for prez
	 
    


jonah goldberg: a president romney would be on a very short leash. ... moreover,   romney is not a man of vision. he is a man of duty and purpose. he was   told to “fix” health care in ways massachusetts would like. he was  told  to fix the 2002 olympics. he was told to create bain capital. he did it all. the man does his assignments.i  usually agree with jonah 99% of the time. i hope he is right about  mitt. my hunch is that mitt wants to serve. he's one of the good guys -  a bit awkward and easily teased but stronger than is at first apparent.  the other contenders may be interesting but they are lightweights  compared to mitt.



posted by joubert at 7:20 pm
 | 







saturday, october 15, 2011



	 
	 magic mshrooms: "demedicalisation of dying"
	 
    


i recently read an article about this but it's old hat as this essay from 2004 suggests.from the hallucinogenic way of dying:almost as soon as dr. charles grob secured approval to study the effects of psilocybin on stage iv cancer patients, he faced another challenge, one nearly as formidable....psilocybin is relatively safe; significantly safer, in fact, than the drug grob had initially sought to use for the study, mdma (otherwise known as "ecstasy"); according to most research, you'd have to ingest your own body weight in "magic mushrooms" to poison yourself. but it's still a schedule i drug, regarded by the federal authorities as having a high potential for abuse and no medical application....grob hopes to find that, in addition to reducing psychological distress associated with impending death, psilocybin is the rare substance that can safely reduce a cancer sufferer's need for pain medication – not because it blunts pain, as morphine does, but because it "changes one's perception of pain." the whole essay is worth reading but it just confirms my hunch, after thirty years of working in pharmacy that herbal drugs are illegal because they would cut into big pharmacy's profits. they work better and have fewer nasty side effects and they're basically free - god-given.i have prescriptions for quite a few drugs that have "a high potential for abuse" but they are not classed as schedule i drug because they are manufactured by big pharmacy. the problem is their side-effects which affect one's "quality of life".  most man-made drugs are two-edged swords. think about the tv commercials for minor irritations like itches and sneezes. they all end up by saying that there is a "possibility" that you will piss your liver out through your kidneys. i'm sorry; but even nausea and constipation (side-effects of many man-made "painkillers" like morphine and codeine and all opiates) is a "quality of life" issue.from using 'magic mushrooms' to reduce anxiety in the final hours of life:a medical ethics expert has said hallucinogenic drugs could be used to enhance the experience of dying.the controversial suggestions include using ecstasy and 'magic mushrooms' to encourage closer bonding with family members and reduce anxiety in the final hours of life.robin mackenzie, director of medical law and ethics at the university of kent, will speak out at a workshop in london today to call for people to be given more choice over how they die.dr mackenzie told the independent newspaper: 'we have the technology to enhance the experience of dying.'...she said: 'my research into the demedicalisation of dying suggests that there is a groundswell of people wanting to exercise choices in dying beyond euthanasia and palliative care options.'we are encouraged to manage our lives and managing our deaths could be part of that.'i can see good reasons why doctors don't want to be involved. but that will increase the demand for self-help measures.'for a "real life" story read stairway to heaven: psychedelics soothe dying.i'm all for the "demedicalisation of dying." or at least the de-institutionilization of death. it's the difference between dining in a fine restaurant and getting an intravenous infusion of "nutrition" in hospital. anybody got any "magic mushrooms?"



posted by joubert at 12:49 am
 | 







sunday, october 09, 2011



	 
	 occupy wall street: the "herbal tea party"
	 
    


i know where they're coming from - but...do you want chamomile or patchouli in your hot water?i was born and raised in africa and to me these "impoverished" neo-hippies are risible.taylor marvin checks the math of the above image, which has been making the rounds:  is this true? is the income of the bottom 99% of us citizens in the top 1% of world income? short answer: maybe. from the world bank, world development indicators dataset, in 2009 per capita us income was $45,989, compared to a world average of $8,599. plugging this into the global rich list  income comparison tool tell us that the average american falls into the   top 1.43% of humanity, suggesting that the 99 percent graphic’s claim is just off.



posted by joubert at 10:06 pm
 | 







tuesday, october 04, 2011



	 
	 adbusters behind "occupy wall street"
	 
    


we all know that the kids camping out in ny are "useful idiots" but who are the agents provocateurs marxist/leninist puppeteers manipulating them?adbusters!a friend sent me over a well thought-out critique of the event from mother jones. when i saw the third word in the article, "adbusters," i immediately looked away from my screen and said out loud "oh dear god.  the poor kids..." the article clearly states adbusters' hand in perpetuating this into being, which is exactly the problem.  adbusters makes caviar socialists like dominique strauss-kahn look like the salt of the earth, saviors of the working class.  they basically prey on college students and twenty-somethings unsure of themselves but with distrust in authority, selling their massive and expensive glossy magazine.  the pages reek of anarchist navel-gazing and wankery and self-important "down with corporations/big business/capitalism" screeds that really say little if anything at all.but worst is adbusters' method of "protesting," called "culture jamming."it's a cross between an elaborate prank and choosing not to do something voluntarily.  "buy nothing day," a protest to black friday by buying...nothing?  "digital detox week," a protest to technology by not using it for a week?  to anyone else, these "culture jams" look really silly.  but adbusters sincerely believes that performing these acts of "protest," rather than confronting and attacking the institutions that harm culture directly, is the best way of changing the culture.  really.  and when you ask how the culture should change, they blather without outlining a specific agenda.  hell, adbusters' whole existence seems bent on the hopes that nobody will notice that when challenged, they are incapable of making a coherent and compelling argument defending their beliefs and politics, or seeing that their actions may not have an impact.  they live in a detached fantasy world similar to sarah palin's, only much bigger.were occupy wall street an organic creation, then i'd be slightly more sympathetic to the cause.  but this is adbusters' wet dream: twisting and diluting the positive and overwhelming force of the arab spring (even name-checking tahrir in their announcement of occupy wall street), even going as far as warping the definition of civil disobedience, to create a slightly more advanced form of culture jamming that might give them the attention they so crave.  of course the people in occupy wall street don't have clear reasons or goals.  adbusters made it that way.  and that alone fills me with rage. my immediate thought is: who's behind adbusters?here's their website.wikipedia:adbusters media foundation is a not-for-profit, anti-consumerist, pro-environment organization founded in 1989 by kalle lasn and bill schmalz in vancouver, british columbia, canada. the foundation describes itself as "a global network of artists, activists, writers, pranksters, students, educators and entrepreneurs who want to advance the new social activist movement of the information age."the adbusters media foundation publishes the reader-supported, advertising-free adbusters, an activist magazine with an international circulation of 120,000 devoted to challenging consumerism. lasn and schmalz sound like "useful idiots" too. where do they get their money? or maybe just typical opportunistic predators:in 2004, adbusters began selling vegan, indy shoes...the v2 is designed by canadian shoe designer john fluevog. it is made from organic hemp and recycled car tires." even though the founders are "jews", they have been accused of anti-semitism. sounds just like the opportunistic "jews" in hollywood.culture jam:adbusters is the brainchild of kalle lasn, an estonian-born documentary filmmaker. he spent his childhood in a german refugee camp and in australia. lasn founded a market research company in tokyo in the 1960s and eventually moved to vancouver, canada. for twenty years, he produced documentaries for pbs and canada’s national film board. then, as he tells it, a “realization” hit him.lasn stood in a canadian supermarket parking lot frustrated because he had to insert a quarter into a cart to shop there. he jammed his quarter in so that the cart became inoperable. this was the first “culture jam” (quite literally). “i didn’t stop to analyze whether this was ethical or not,” lasn would later explain in his book. “i just let my anger flow.”...adbusters magazine began as a local quarterly in 1989 with three full-time volunteers and a circulation of 5,000 copies. now an international bi-monthly (still advertisement-free), it boasts a dozen editors, over 250 freelancers, and a circulation of 120,000. two-thirds of those readers are american, but there are subscribers in more than 60 countries. the magazine is the top-selling canadian title in the u.s., and can be found at mainstream outlets like barnes & noble and borders.leafing through a copy of adbusters, however, the typical book-browser is likely to be shocked. the publication is a sort of mad magazine for the pretentious -- but much more sinister. there are always parodies and rip-offs of well-known ads. there are articles on how to be a better activist, and justifying the targeting of activism’s latest disfavored industry. and there is art: sometimes obvious, sometimes incomprehensible. one recent issue included a picture of adolescents giving the finger, and a photograph of hair being plucked from a human nipple....at the heart of adbusters is hatred of big business, in any form. as naomi klein writes in no logo, “simply put, anticorporatism is the brand of politics capturing the imagination of the next generation of troublemakers and shit-disturbers, and we need only look to the student radicals of the 1960s and the id [identity politics] warriors of the eighties and nineties to see the transformative impact such a shift can have.”this leads adbusters to its animus: the desire to make corporations extinct....self-described culture jammers are typically also rabidly opposed to economic globalization and harbor virulent hatred for multinational corporations. don’t call them “lefties,” though. lasn thinks the left is too “establishment” these days....despite all its bluster about the virtues of an advertising-free world, adbusters uses the very techniques it excoriates corporations for. it uses marketing to try and kill marketing....why do adbusters writers and editors hate personal choice so much? because their utopia would be a nightmare for most americans. “what makes you think you have the right to drive around with a ton of metal wrapped around you,” asks the september/october 2003 issue, “the right to twist a tap and get hot water, the right to flick a switch and get your house warmed up?” were the adbusters group to get its way, hundreds of years of progress would vanish....adbusters generally prefers rage to discernment. “let your anger out. when it wells up suddenly from deep in your gut, don’t suppress it -- channel it, trust it, use it. don’t be so unthinkingly civil all the time,” kalle lasn advises. “rage drives revolutions.”the very name of the group implies destruction of private property. this is specifically advocated in nearly every issue of the magazine. of course, its leaders prefer to couch this directive in lofty rhetoric, thinking of themselves as freedom fighters. “consumer capitalism is by its very nature unethical,” lasn writes, “and therefore it’s not unethical to jam it … liberating a billboard in the middle of the night can be a rather honest and joyful thing to do.”...the slick glossy has a cover price of $7.95 -- more than twice the price of people, vogue, or gq. the adbusters website features a plethora of products for sale, including videos, posters, calendars, postcards, books, and even a 3x5-foot “corporate” flag -- the american flag with the stars replaced by corporate logos. in 2002, adbusters suggested substituting its version for the real stars and stripes on july 4 in front of stores, schools, and embassies. lasn is estonian i.e. born and raised under soviet socialism and, just like his fellow former communists, the russian kleptocrats, is not human but a cockroach. sadly the "useful idiots" will keep buying his bullshit at $7.95 a pop.



posted by joubert at 10:39 pm
 | 







friday, july 29, 2011



	 
	 anders breivik - "a little learning is a dangerous thing"
	 
    


was anders breivik a troll? i’m sorry if that seems a flippant question to ask about a man who killed dozens of norwegian teenagers, but you can’t read his 1,500-page “manifesto” without being struck by how thoroughly he trawled the web. whatever the explanation for his murderous actions, this was definitely a brain warped by the blogosphere.for readers unfamiliar with blogs, i should explain what i mean by “troll”. the word can be used to describe two types of commenters who write underneath published posts. there are simple-minded folk with jokey nicknames who fling insults at each other for hours at a stretch, amusing no one but themselves. my own blog is infested with them....these trolls aren’t confined to the far left or the far right: some of the most noxious internet bores turn out to be liberal democrats. it’s true that, on the whole, their views tend to be controversial, but the essence of their trolling is their rhetorical style: in particular, an insistence that they know the truth about everything. all they really have in common – apart from an aversion to deodorant – is hysterical omniscience....he knew where to look to find statistics to support his vicious theories. he knew that the far right can succeed only by exploiting public anger at political correctness and immigration, avoiding the idiocy of neo-nazism, about which the manifesto is scathing. above all, he revelled in the special hysteria of the internet, which allows its users to bolt together whatever ideas turn them on, while ruthlessly excluding inconvenient data. (this new hysteria taints even the most trivial internet discourse – you should have seen the way supporters and opponents of vibrato-free mahler were squawking at each other after roger norrington’s prom on monday.)i don’t know why breivik made the leap from propaganda to mass murder. i don’t think he was mad, in the sense of suffering from psychotic delusions, but there’s no doubt that years spent in the echo chambers of cyberspace can cause psychological damage.in the months leading up to last friday’s atrocity, did he join in the internet discussions he read so avidly? given his verbosity, it’s more than likely. the manifesto is written in the self-righteous, autodidactic style of a troll; it will be interesting to see whether, following breivik’s arrest, one of the anonymous contributors to right-wing websites suddenly disappears off the map. sounds about right. i actually knew a troll in person. he used to stalk me on the web after i contributed to an anti-cult web group. he believed that the government was poisoning us with contrails and a bunch of other paranoid nonsense. my hunch is that breivik is also some sort of twisted closet case like a child-molester or coprophiliac or something unhealthy like that; not insane but definitely solipsistic, intellectually-challenged and half-educated.as alexander pope (1688 - 1744) wrote in an essay on criticism:a little learning is a dangerous thing; drink deep, or taste not the pierian spring: there shallow draughts intoxicate the brain, and drinking largely sobers us again.



posted by joubert at 9:49 pm
 | 







tuesday, july 26, 2011



	 
	 no medicare for ex-pats so uruguay is out of the question
	 
    


i thought i'd better check on whether i can get medicare as an ex-pat. nope. of course the medicare premium is garnished from ss before you even get paid but medicare will not pay for any health-care outside the usa. and of course medicare is mandatory. if you chose not to have medicare, you forfeit your entire ss. who the hell thought of this? stalin? it's no wonder that only the very rich can afford to retire outside the usa.



posted by joubert at 2:40 pm
 | 










	 
	 the norwegian nazi
	 
    


john derbyshire quotes ralph peters' “the ‘eurabia’ myth":peters prophesied that john/jean/josef/josé/giuseppe q. european will eventually get in touch with his inner fascist:don’t let europe’s current round of playing pacifist dress-up fool you: this is the continent that perfected genocide and ethnic cleansing, the happy-go-lucky slice of humanity that brought us such recent hits as the holocaust and srebrenica. the historical patterns are clear: when europeans feel sufficiently threatened — even when the threat’s concocted nonsense — they don’t just react, they over-react with stunning ferocity. i lived in europe for 8 years and soon found that, if you scratch a european socialist deep enough, you'll find a national socialist aka nazi. the norwegian nutcase may claim to be anti-hitler but he is an unadulterated racist nazi.



posted by joubert at 12:21 am
 | 













recent posts


thomas hobbes: the father of "the social contract"
mitt for prez
magic mshrooms: "demedicalisation of dying"
occupy wall street: the "herbal tea party"
adbusters behind "occupy wall street"
anders breivik - "a little learning is a dangerous...
no medicare for ex-pats so uruguay is out of the q...
the norwegian nazi
uruguay here i come
anders behring breivik: norway's mcveigh?


from fred thompson's blog, fred08 on november 26th, 2007:



more praise for fred’s tax relief plan - patrick joubert conlon at born again redneck called the plan, “music to a businessman’s ears.”






c.d. jewell, author of liberalstein, says about born again redneck:
"this blog interested me first because of the title. but the quality of patrick joubert conlon's writing has kept me coming back. his style is not presumptuous or pompous or condescending; it's plain and simple. good old american english. which is funny because mr. conlon was born and lived in south africa for his first twenty one years and after that spent eight years in england before finding his home here in the u. s. his blog provides a rare outsider/insider perspective on the u. s. of a. he's been linked to by cnn on a couple of occasions and one of his posts was cited by the official fred08 website. he does a lot of politics but also some lighter fare as well. he frequently posts spectacular photos taken on his oregon farm."



sharia is as barbaric as apartheid



favorites/bookmarks
blogs
ace of spades hq
big hollywood
cato@liberty
daniel larison
education for the aughts
gay patriot
hot air
instapundit
jack hunter
kaus files
max borders' blog
michelle malkin
more ramblin's
neal boortz
secular right
tammy bruce
the american spectator blog
the belmont club
the brussels journal
the conservative majority project
the corner
the daily dish
the frontal cortex
the spectator blogs
the huffington post
the plank
the telegraph blogs
the weekly standard blog
magazines and papers
imprimis
more intelligent life
national review online
reason
the american conservative
the atlantic
the spectator
the telegraph
the weekly standard
townhall
zomblog


miscellaneous and reference
accuweather satellite
americans for fair taxation
biblegateway.com
daily city photo
great books online
internet movie data-base
republican liberty caucus
standing with israel
sbdc demographics
shakespeare searched
south african news
statcounter
state & county quickfacts
the color landform atlas of the us
the free dictionary
the history place
the jefferson bible
the oxford book of english verse
the perseus digital library
the ripon society
the state of jefferson
the atlas society
web museum
youtube
zombie
zooborns




reciprocal links
123beta
a cuban in ohio
alphecca
american power
a more perfect union
andy's place
antihippies
armchair everything
assorted babble
benning's writing pad
beth's ramblings
big gay al's big gay (gun) blog
big girl pants
blame the 1st
blasting caps and dynamite
bliss
blognetnews/oregon
blue star chronicles
bob's blog
bonnie bitters blog
burkean reflections
canadian rattlesnake
captain of a crew of one
central sanity
chas' compilation
classical liberal
conservatism with heart
clintons4mccain
collecting my thoughts
crittermusings
dave and martha's place
dc republican
dhimmi wits
diary of the mad pigeon
doris day tribute
dustbunnies of the mind
eugene rant
fortress australia outpost
gayle's cyber place
genepole
geosciblog
glen's blog
grandad says
gunshow on the net
hard to swallow
how to redneck
it's a dog's life
jewell books
john eyler - rogue and poet
knee deep in the hooah!
let freedom ring america
liberal lunacy
libertarian republican
living life to its fullest
mahndisa's thoughts
marshall art's 
max redline
mb musings
mean ol' meanie
modern redneck
mushy's moochings
my own little chair
myrhaf 
netrightnation
nice deb
not so young but angry conservatives unite
nw republican
panhandle's perspective
panhandle poetry and other thoughts
paperclippings
personal accountability: thinking for yourself
proud american capitalist
quid novi?
radarsite
ramblings from a blue dot
random & incoherent
real world libertarian
rebekah's place
redneck ramblings
rednecks unlimited
res civitatus
right wing nation
right wing rebel
riteon.org
rudy carrera
s-diggity & mitchman's adoption adventure
shillsbury political cartoons
scooter's report
screw the un
seaspook's rants
sinistra's bane
sparks from the anvil
subtle oak flavor;
pleasing finish 
the cathouse
the conservative cajun
the cook shack--gab & grub 
the daily pundit
the daily blogster
the educated shoprat
the enlightened redneck
the liberal republican
the malcontent
the mench times
the moderate separatist
the old time greatest stars
the pagan temple
the peace moonbeam chronicles
the redneck rant
the silverbacks
the stubby holder adventure
the whig
the white trash republican
this and that and frog hair
three score and ten or more 
through cory’s eyes
time to choose again
tiny minds
totus
wrath of mjolnir
yeah, right
zeta woof


conservative oregon blogroll alliance
born again redneck
chas' compilation
danegerous weblob
daniel's political musings
eugene rant
ex posteriori
gazing at the flag
government is not your daddy
ikeonic
jim in kfalls
maxredline
mover mike
nw republican
oregonguy
resistance is futile!
robin's nest
the oregon catalyst
troutdale canfield
victoria taft
you are not the boss of me!

click here to see the full roster of these blogrolls







headless thompson gunner blogroll





in the
hillbilly ecosystem





  







terrorists for liberals blogroll
























wictory wednesday blogroll




join fair tax fans









the alliance
glenn reynolds says:

"if i had to chose between having born again redneck as a neighbor or a vegetarian hippie peacenik, i'd pick the gun-totin' redneck anyday even if he is a bit queer."



categories
robin's wood
personal
politics, religion
south africa





archives

july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
october 2011
february 2012
may 2012









who links to me?















powered by quotations book

view my stats






 



