




































quadrangle | washington, d.c. commercial real estate firm












































skip to content




 test   























who we are
what we do
featured properties
join our team
contact














proudly developing and owning trophy properties in the washington region for over 50 years 


who we are 

quadrangle is a leading commercial real estate firm exclusively focused in the greater washington, d.c. region. we specialize in the development and ownership of institutional-quality apartments, office buildings, hotels, build-to-suit projects including life science facilities, and mixed-use properties. more than 50 years after our founding, we remain a private, family-owned real estate company, now led by christopher gladstone and elise rabekoff.

 about us   one freedom plaza 1301 pennsylvania avenue, nw
what we do 

as a vertically integrated company, our in-house team of 150 experts programs, entitles, designs, finances, builds, acquires, and manages all of our buildings.

 learn more   washington center 1001 g street, nw
featured properties more details  lydian  more details  1850 towers crescent  more details  marriott marquis  

over the past five decades, quadrangle has built, acquired, or begun development of over 63 buildings totaling more than 20 million square feet and $12 billion at current-dollar cost.

 featured properties  
join our teamexplore careers  

“we work for a company whose owners truly care about their employees and have the ability to provide a stable work environment where we all feel like extended family working together for the success of the company.”

 fern winfield, accounts payable supervisor 

“i have found that the culture at quadrangle is built around collaboration and professionalism. in my role, i have been able to interact with just about every employee at quadrangle, and each interaction is filled with teamwork, respect, and drive to always deliver quality work.”

 dave goldstein,  controller, fund controller and accounting systems 










 1001 g st. nw, suite 900  washington, d.c. 20001 
 202.393.1999 
 contact@quad1.com 



who we are
what we do
featured properties
join our team




contact us


    


  
  




 ©2025 quadrangle. all rights reserved.



terms of use
privacy policy
sitemap





















