






nw housecleaning – house cleaning services






































 



























nw house cleaning
cleaning tips
eco friendly
organization
pets
blog
 





select page


  
 



 



 












nw house cleaning
 nw house cleaning was established in 2003. since then, nw house cleaning has provided information and tips for individuals and businesses in the house cleaning industry. 
 
over the years, nw house cleaning has become a community that keeps growing. some posts have been provided by the community, others are guest posts from people that want to share their knowledge. feel free to explore the website for cleaning tips, organization tips, eco friendly notes and pets. 
 
 
 
let us know if you want to contribute with a blog post.
 
send email






 



recurring house cleaning
most house cleaning services target recurring house cleaning appointments in order to grow their client base. one time cleanings such as, move in, move out and the occasional cleaning appointments for events or deep cleanings are the perfect opportunity for a cleaning service to increase revenue.
 
own a cleaning service? have it featured with us!
 
 

feature my business

 
 




weekly cleanings
the majority of clients of a house cleaning service tend to choose weekly cleaning appointments to keep their home clean.

 
 
 



every other week
some households don’t need cleaning service too frequently, so they choose service every other week.

 
 
 



once a month
even though you may have enough time to clean, you always need extra help. this is why you should have a cleaning service on speed dial.

 
 
 
 
 



deep cleanings
a home is for people, not for stuff, dust, and dirt. every once in awhile, you need to take back your home from the encroaching junk. every once in a while, you need a deep house cleaning.
a deep house cleaning is more than just wiping a few things down, making the bed, and vacuuming. it’s giving your home a top-to-bottom shine and feeling so much lighter and freer when you’re done. unfortunately, that feeling of being truly clean comes only after some hard work. check out our info-packed cleaning tips on how to make delivering that deep house cleaning a little easier.
 
house cleaning costs
most house cleaning companies charge an hourly rate for their services. the deep cleaning generally costs significantly more for the first appointment; after that, some companies can offer you a flat rate for recurring cleaning appointments.
 
 
 


 

deep cleaning inclussions
the first appointment usually includes all the basics: bathrooms, kitchen, general dusting of rooms and share areas. you can choose to add tasks that are not included for recurring cleaning appointments. some of the options:
 

cleaning inside the refrigerator
oven and warmers
blinds / drapery
laundry
cleaning of specialty areas, etc.

 
 
 


cleaning companies options
some cleaning companies might offer you a combination of other services to enhance the experience with a house cleaning service to earn your business.
 
 
 





carpet cleaning
carpet cleaning is done by a different cleaning crew in most cases. inquire before setting the appointment.

 
 
 




window cleaning
this service requires additional business licensing and certification in most states. confirm with the service provider to avoid potential liabilities.

 
 
 




outdoor furniture
rarely cleaning companies offer the cleaning of outdorr furniture. confirm all services needed prior to booking your appointment to asure full satisfaction.

 
 
 
 





laundry services
from doing laundry in your home to taking your dirty laundry to facilities in the city. decide what works best for you in order to enhance the experience.

 
 
 




trash removal
this is a must for most house cleaning services; just make sure they know how they should handle the recycling and other requirements by the city or building.

 
 
 




 dish washing
some companies offer to load the dishwasher and others can do it by hand. specify your preference and make sure you disclose items that need special handling.

 
 
 
 





ceiling fan dusting
don’t asume that cleaning services include ceiling fan dusting. the majority of providers have a limit of what they can clean, specially if it’s too high to reach.

 
 
 




oven cleaning
every day we have newer and improved appliances. let your cleaning service how they should clean and operate your oven to prevent mishaps. 

 
 
 




refrigerator
while cleaning the refrigerator might included on the first cleaning, the reality is that most companies don’t include this for recurring appointments. 

 
 
 
 
 




become a contributor
share your experience with our comunity of knowledgeable indivials in the house cleaning industry.

contact us today!

 
 
  


 
 
 




 

 
 
 












