


medical and nursing scrubs & uniforms | landau scrubs 










































men


women


collections


groups



 
 














durable, flexible
and ridiculously soft.
introducing landau forward.






                                shop women
                            











shop by category










women
men












women
men












women
men












women
men












discover collections








forward


                        for the launch of the new landau forward collection, we’ve meticulously crafted a type of comfort our industry has never seen. it’s high performance, with four-way stretch and moisture wicking. it’s high image, inspired by modern design. all with low impact, thanks to sustainably sourced ciclo technology.

                        the end result is comfort that’s more functional, flexible, durable, and sustainable than ever before. it’s comfort that can.
                    
































four-way stretch



moisture wicking



made to perform












proflex


                        a collection of scrubs optimized for movement, featuring stretch fabrics and sport-inspired designed details. offering a wider range of silhouettes than our essentials range, these garments stand out and are always ready for action.
                    
































two-way stretch



fade resistant



made to move












scrubzone


                        a dependable range of scrubs built to endure heavy use and frequent washing. easy to care for and industrial laundry approved, these lightweight garments are designed to work hard in the most challenging professional environments.
                    
































made to last



lightweight fabric



industrial laundry approved












essentials


                        a collection of classic scrubs that will never go out of style. practical, durable, and with a timeless design that will work in any context, these garments are designed to deliver endless versatility, with sturdy construction and fade-resistant fabrics that help wearers look sharp and professional through even the longest of shifts.
                    
































fade resistant



timeless design



made to last



















                get landau news & special deals
            

 



 





connect

instagram
facebook
twitter
pinterest
linkedin



customer care

fit guide
contact
faq



company

about
where to buy
catalog






all materials copyright © 2025 by kindthread.










