




home : midpenn legal services

























skip to main content
















facebook
facebook


















linkedin


















threads














french




arabic




russian




spanish









donate




























              advocacy, justice and hope!
            





            our legacy
          





 













              do you have a civil legal problem?
            

results that improve our clients lives.






            getting help
          





 













              connect with us!
            

get informed on the latest news and events.






            view events
          





 





go to previous slide


go to next slide
















































facebook
facebook


















linkedin


















threads












french




arabic




russian




spanish









donate



































who we are


mission & history


board & staff


careers


locations


contact us




what we do


services


pro bono programs


do i qualify?


resources




get involved


donate


volunteer




news & events


newsroom


newsletter


reports


event calendar


access to justice 2024


photo gallery


join our mailing list




justice & equity center






















our missionmidpenn legal services is a non-profit, public interest law firm that provides high quality free civil legal services to low-income residents and survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault in 18 counties in central pennsylvania.learn more and get involved.join midpenn's team!employment opportunities available.how to apply for legal help
 



            apply for legal aid
            





            solicitar asistencia legal
            









our impact in fiscal year 2023-2024




people helped
22,320




cases handled
10,186




economic benefit $
11,579,375




advocate hours
111,492





























programs
our programs are designed to further our mission and provide much needed services for our constituents.
take a look.









resources
looking for information on a particular area of law? take a look at our resources page.









apply for legal aid
how to apply for legal services.
take a look.












news & notes





february 3, 2025




                    commemorating black history month
                    



black history month is a time to remember, celebrate and commemorate the achievements and contributions by african-american men and women throughout u.s. history.






january 30, 2025




                    pa. gov. josh shapiro touts agreement to prevent spike in electricity bills
                    



bytom riese, 90.5 wesa


1/29/2025 - gov. josh shapiro said wednesday pennsylvanians will not have to absorb the state electric grid operator’s proposed rate hikes in coming years, thanks to a federal complaint he and other governors filed in december.
“if we had done nothing here … you would have seen historically high utility bills jacked up 30%,” shapiro told reporters wednesday morning.
pjm interconnection, the company which manages the electricity grid in 13 states, had proposed a new rate structure that shapiro said would cost electric consumers $21 billion through 2028 — or a few hundred dollars more per household each year.
but on dec. 30, shapiro and governors of maryland, delaware, new jersey and illinois announced they had sued the operator. weeks later, pjm agreed to a price cap and other changes, pending a federal regulatory committee’s review.






january 20, 2025




                    celebrating martin luther king jr. day
                    



how can we as individuals commemorate dr. king’s life, and further continue his legacy? here are some ideas to get started and celebrate martin luther king jr. day.




        view the archives
        











subscribe to our newsletter



        this form needs javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. sign up here instead
      















our partners










































































































administrative offices




                  100 north cameron street, suite 401 west
                

                  harrisburg, pa 17101
                



for help in adams, bedford, berks, blair, centre, clearfield, cumberland, dauphin, franklin, fulton, huntingdon, juniata, lancaster, lebanon, mifflin, perry, schuylkill & york counties:
(800)326-9177


administration phone
(717)234-0492




 














facebook









twitter









linkedin









youtube









instagram









threads












© 2025 midpenn legal services
      






privacy policy


privacy policy



what information do we collect?
when you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our website.
personal information you choose to provide
we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your email address, postal address, home or work telephone number and other personal information for such purposes as correspondence, placing an order, requesting an estimate, or participating in online surveys.
if you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. we provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
website use information
similar to other websites, our site may utilize a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "what are cookies?") and web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the sites visited just before and just after ours. this information is collected on an aggregate basis. none of this information is associated with you as an individual.
how do we use the information that you provide to us?
broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing service and support and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. the lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of all personal information provided by our users. you may at any time to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers.
what are cookies?
cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's web browser on the user's hard drive. cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that website by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related web pages. this makes it easier for a user to move from web page to web page and to complete commercial transactions over the internet. cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
how do we use information collected from cookies?
we use website browser software tools such as cookies and web server logs to gather information about our website users' browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our website and better serve our users. this information assists us to design and arrange our web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our website to better meet the needs of our users and prospective users.
cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. the information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our website as they move from one page to another. web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our website and evaluate our website's visitor capacity. we do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you.
notice of new services and changes
occasionally, we may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. as a user of our website, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by clicking on a response box when you receive such an offer or by sending us an email request.
how do we secure information transmissions?
when you send confidential personal information to us on our website, a secure server software which we have licensed encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. the information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our website.
other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. for that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as social security, credit card, or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
how do we protect your information?
information security -- we utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
evaluation of information protection practices -- periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with organization policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
employee access, training and expectations -- our organization values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of user information. in general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
how can you access and correct your information?
you may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing us using the contact form provided to you within the site structure of our website.
do we disclose information to outside parties?
we may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, website traffic patterns and related website information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy.
what about legally compelled disclosure of information?
we may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
permission to use of materials
the right to download and store or output the materials in our website is granted for the user's personal use only, and materials may not be reproduced in any edited form. any other reproduction, transmission, performance, display or editing of these materials by any means mechanical or electronic without our express written permission is strictly prohibited. users wishing to obtain permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on this site may contact us directly.







terms & conditions


terms & conditions


donation refund policy

we are grateful for your donation and support of our organization. if you have made an error in making your donation or change your mind about contributing to our organization please contact us.  refunds are returned using the original method of payment. if you made your donation by credit card, your refund will be credited to that same credit card.

automated recurring donation cancellation

ongoing support is important to enabling projects to continue their work, so we encourage donors to continue to contribute to projects over time. but if you must cancel your recurring donation, please notify us.
            








powered by firespring

















