









san jose web design, web site maintenance, seo optimization



































 








portfolio

most recent work
single page design
technology
retail
legal / law
winery
education / nonprofits
real estate / construction
professional services
complete portfolio
client list / timeline


web design services

services
website maintenance
wordpress web sites
content management
e-commerce shopping cart
mobile optimized
site speed enhancement
hacked site fix
responsive web sites


seo services

san jose seo
local seo services
seo site audit


about us

about us
our process
faq
testimonials


quote request





menu


menu

 






san jose web designprofessional bay area web design since 1997!



local web design since 1997!

web design services


san jose web design, we specialize in website redesign, new websites, fixing broken web sites, maintenance, and custom web development.
web design services »



web site maintenance


web site management including new pages, updated navigation, add gallery photos, shopping cart, change text, photos, bios, etc.
web site maintenance »





search engine optimization
organic seo expert with proprietary website optimization strategies. we are experts at local san jose search engine optimization.


search engine optimization »




san jose web design
our client portfolio include hundreds of happy customers in san jose.


are you looking for web design in the san jose area?

building a web site can be a challenging experience, your business reputation is reflected in every piece of marketing material. our web design team can help build an awesome website that you can be proud of for years to come.
our specialty has been only web design since 1997, let us put the best web designer to work for you.
our web design process is simple: we assess your needs, propose a website design, you agree, and then we begin. no complex jargon or fancy ways to disguise the process.
let us get to work on building your website instead of spinning your wheels on how to get started.

what separates frontendtech for other web designers?

we believe in content and function over aesthetics. our professional website design team will listen and guide you toward your online goals. all of the work is created on-site, and optimized by a local web designer. we reply to all inquiries within 24 hours, and our number one goal is complete satisfaction with your new website.
zero risk, no cost and no hard sell when you contact us for a free web design quote.


view the latest web designs
 mission statement


“to provide quality web design in san jose, ca offering: web site reconstruction, custom graphics, search engine optimization (seo), and web site maintenance. “


crafted with lovewe take our time, and we use care in building you the very best web design san jose sites available today.

methodical by naturethere really is a method to the madness. some even call it an art form.

lightning fastwe have the experience to complete your project on time, and within budget. in as little as two days to one week.

reliable and honestour pricing is competitive and fair, and yet we deliver a top notch product. you can count on us to deliver quality.


what others say about our web design services:



steve did an amazing job, particularly with the design aspect…
steve had to deal with my perfectionism and demanding vision, and he did so by rising to meet the challenge.
i am so very thankful for his expertise, and uncompromising dedication.
tiffany l.
i just started my own tutoring company and within two weeks…start to finish my site is up and running!
and it looks fabulous.
his rates compared to others are lower and the quality of work he does is exceptional.
courtney g.
i have to give steve 5 stars.
he is very quick at getting back to you on email, even at night and weekends, which i needed, plus he is very easy to work with.
as far as pricing, i found him to be right down the middle, so all and all a great deal. i had 4 new customers the first day it went up. thanks steve!
keith e.
i would highly recommend front end tech to anyone looking to create a website.
steve was fast and efficient throughout the entire process.
this is the second time we’ve used steve’s services.
ashley c.
previousnext
read more testimonials


trusted san jose web design company
more than ever your customers will be looking directly at your website as an indication of the quality of the product or service that you sell. for instance, even companies that have repeat business, or contracts, will now be looking to expand their clientele. the world is shifting towards online browsing, shopping and buying, and your online presence has never been more important.
serving the san francisco bay area for over 25 years as a san jose web design company, we are the right company to trust your online strategy, and plan your future online goals. above all, we will build a gorgeous website that performs well on mobile devices. our focus is building user-friendly websites that will attract customers, and enhance your reputation.

experience counts!
no other web design company in the san jose bay area can boast 25+ years of service. for example, we have worked with large and small companies since 1997. what this means to you is that we likely have experience with your industry, and we know what your customers expect to see on your website. we build in items like faqs, and quick contact forms, so that users can get information quickly, and reach out to you for a quote! in conclusion, we have more years experience than any other web design company in san jose, period.

web design guarantee
we want you to be happy with your website, and we are so confident that we will create a design mock up prior to you signing any contract. you’ll have a chance to see how it will look and perform before we even begin!


view the web design portfolio with over 100 web design examples since 1997!
 see our web design work!

   

points of difference 
» top notch customer service
» solid portfolio of clients
» small, medium and large sites
» local company
» never outsourced
»  24+ years of experience
» focus on web site usability
» proven seo results
» carefully crafted with love
» fast loading web sites
» 100% mobile optimized
» bay area’s oldest web design firm


 “i would highly recommend front end tech to anyone looking to create a website. steve was fast and efficient throughout the entire process.”
view more testimonials »

recently completed websites 
car repair web design
winery website designer
photographer website design
machine shop website design
cal color growers
employment recruiter
winery web design
a.g. sieben insurance
medical device web design
high technology web design
plant staging web design
modesto small business web design


contact information san jose, california 95124

phone: ‪(669) 221-5143‬
visits by appointment only.
hours: monday – friday 10am to 6pm(closed major holidays)

professional bay area web design services since 1997!







© copyright 2025 - web design san jose  - privacy policy  web design company   rating 5 out of 5 based on 17 reviews 
facebookbehancemailrss



 


scroll to top




















