




buttercrunch, lemon lulu cake, almond toffee | mother myrick's
























































888-669-7425

 log in   contact us   gift services   retail shop 802-362-1560   






0 items @ $0.00






close
shopping cart

0 items  subtotal: $0



continue shopping
checkout

























lemon lulu


lemon lulu cake
lemon lulu & buttercrunch




buttercrunch





business gifts





chocolates & sweets

chocolate assortments
caramels & fudge
gift baskets & boxes
fruit & nuts
hot fudge sauce
buttercrunch




bakery

cakes
cookies & brownies
gluten free
seasonal specialties




gluten free





gift ideas

gift baskets & boxes
lemon lulu
buttercrunch
chocolate assortments



sale




















hot fudge sauce



lemon lulu cake sunshine in a box



bernie bars



vermont's best buttercrunch









 featured on wcax "made in vermont"
manchester, vt. (wcax) in the late 1970s, a couple of retiring chocolatiers gave a manchester man their buttercrunch toffee recipe and the rest is history. today you can't go into bennington county without coming away with this sweet treat that's made in vermont.
watch the video >

















mother myrick's confectionery began in 1977 as a small fudge shop in the beautiful resort town of manchester vermont. during that first year, ron started making mother myrick's now famous buttercrunch toffee, caramels and chocolate assortments. jacki, ron's wife, brought her expertise in food and customer service to the fledgling business. we are very proud of all our homemade cakes and chocolates and make everyeffort to use the freshest ingredients possiblein small, handmade batches.
today you can order chocolates, candies and cakes for every celebration and occasion.  we specialize in holiday confections for personal and corporate giving, birthday treats, wedding favors and more.read more...




it wouldn’t be the holidays without your buttercrunch! the best!
—bev b.


since 1992 we have been visiting... mother myrick's confectionery store is one of the finest, and their chocolates are world class. order from the catalogue or just stop in.
—mark b.


 





















popular categories
business gifts
lemon lulu
bakery
buttercrunch


customer service
contact us
shipping info
summer shipping
request a catalog
faqs and product care
return policy
privacy policy
site map


mother myricks
retail store
directions to store
our history











©2025 mother myrick's. all rights reserved.
































 