





rix products inc. – injection plastics

























































 







skip to content








phone 812-426-1749|rixproducts@gmail.com 

facebook 



 












homerix historymodel railroad productsho scalerix products hocrossbucks & milepostgrain bins hoquonset hut hohighway overpass hoearly overpassmodern overpasswrought iron overpassrural timber overpasshouse kitsingot buggies & moldstelephone poleswater/oil tankspikestuff hopikestuff kitbasher seriescoach seatsconcrete block wallsculverthighway guardrailsloading dockpikestuff partssmalltown usa hosmalltown kitbasher seriessmalltown usa partstall town modulen scalerix products n scalegrain bins n scaleearly highway overpassmodern highway overpasspikestuff n scaleparts n scalectc knobunder layoutinstructions pdfscale feet to inchesrix model railroad layoutslot car productsweigh stationcontroller holdercarrera digital controller extenderlint roller tire cleanercustom injection moldingpaint plaquescontact us 


search for:

















search for:













 










home


home 








homerick rideout2022-03-17t12:57:25-04:00


 





manufacturer of model railroad & slot car products 
							custom injection molding 
							automotive test plaques 
							
 



click here 
go
model railroad products 
							 



click here 
go
slot car products 
							 


click here 
							custom injection molding  
							 


click here 
							automotive paint plaques 
							 





rix products / pikestuff / smalltown usa products are all made in the usa. including usa made raw plastics, plastic bags and printing.
 most all of our products are in stock and ready to ship.
 overseas and canadian orders.
we are now accepting orders from outside the usa.  please be aware that we can not guarantee delivery.  if the package is lost or is not delivered for some other reason we can not give a refund. if the package is returned to us we will refund the cost of the items ordered but we can not refund the cost of shipping.
very sorry about this but it’s totally out of our control.
 
need help with the ho pikestuff roof? 
click here for new assembly sheet.
new arburg 270s added.
with our new arburg 270s that went into service in late december it’s now helping us put a lot of model railroad kits back in stock.  it is replacing our older jaco machines and it’s doing a fantastic job. it’s doing the work of 3 old machine and we’re keeping it busy restocking a lot of inventory.  so if there was something that’s been out of stock that you’ve been waiting on, check again because we may have it back in stock now.
rix products inc. manufacturers of model railroad kits, custom injection molding, automotive paint plaques located in evansville in. usa




 
 





all of our products are made in the usa.
 

 president: rick rideout
phone 812- 426-1749 fax 812-423-3174
3747 hogue rd. evansville in. 47712
rixproducts@gmail.com
since 1980

 

 other products and companies referred to herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies or mark holders.

 

 
 
 





		copyright 1998 - 2019 rix products inc.| all rights reserved | powered by wordpress | theme fusion 


facebook
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

































































































 


go to top




