






























































land & livestock post | theeagle.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















60°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



business



crime



nation & world



politics



state



education



land and livestock post



news tip




obituaries


find an obituary



share a story




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



aggie sports



professional




lifestyles


art & theatre



movies & tv



music



event calendar



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



worship directory




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads 



special sections



the eagle archives 




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



faq



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









60°
showers in the vicinity














local
crime
state
politics
business
education
nation & world





                
                land & livestock post
                
                    

















        
        
            what type of weather should we expect this winter and how will it affect our water supply?

winter weather came roaring into texas in mid-january, bringing with it snow and freezing temperatures to parts of the brazos river basin. 

















        
        
            texas 4-h foundation receives largest single grant

the texas 4-h foundation received a transformative $700,000 grant from the adam r. scripps foundation, marking a significant milestone in their shared mission of empowering texas youth.

















        
        
            yf&r spring conference, collegiate discussion meet set for april 4-6

a statewide conference will provide opportunities for networking and education for farmers, ranchers and agricultural professionals between the ages of 18 and 35. 

















        
        
            texas a&m forest service honors law enforcement officers

the texas a&m forest service law enforcement department has 10 investigators and up to 15 officers led by connor murnane, chief law enforcement officer. officers investigate timber theft and wildfires.

















        
        
            preventing strangles in horses through diagnostic testing

since strangles is highly contagious, strict isolation is the first step in preventing further outbreaks.

















        
        
            run numbers on deworming program

the technology of an extended-release injectable dewormer can provide coverage for as many as 150 days in one dose. that lengthened protection improves reproduction, and leads to heavier calves at weaning.

















        
        
            regulating intake of self-fed supplements

the most common method to regulate intake of self-fed supplements is the use of salt since it is readily available, generally safe, and the salt level can be modified to achieve desired levels of intake. however, research has demonstrated that the daily individual intake of salt-limited supp…























        
        
            international beef trade adds value




although some producers may be skeptical of bringing beef imports into the united states, suggesting it may hurt domestic operations, trade experts say both the import and export of beef products helps the u.s. markets. 




















        
        
            livestock export testing safeguards against infectious diseases




the texas a&m veterinary medical diagnostic laboratory is the only laboratory in texas authorized to perform testing on any livestock destined for export. 




















        
        
            precision agriculture new frontier: crop digital twins




digital-twin technology combines remote sensing, big data and artificial intelligence to simulate and predict real-world crop production scenarios.




















        
        
            u.s. beef market has yet to hit top




“some day we will see producers start to save heifers, but it’s not happening yet. the numbers of heifers in feedlots is staying pretty high.”

























        
        
            hope for the citrus industry




over the past few decades, citrus trees across the country have fallen victim to citrus greening, a disease that has wiped out large swaths of florida’s once-thriving orange groves.




















        
        
            proper tree planting for more ‘fruitful’ results




establishing fruit trees in texas takes some effort, but these time-tested tips from a texas a&m agrilife extension service expert can guide the way. 




















        
        
            breakthrough could revolutionize future of tick control




research collaboration by the texas a&m department of entomology and the u.s. department of agriculture creates potential for genetic tools to control disease-spreading ticks. 






























        
        
            breakthrough could revolutionize future of tick control

research collaboration by the texas a&m department of entomology and the u.s. department of agriculture creates potential for genetic tools to control disease-spreading ticks. 

















        
        
            ‘cedar fever’ season begins in texas

it’s time for texans to brace for ‘cedar fever’ season once again. cedar fever is an allergic reaction to the pollen released by mountain cedar trees and, unfortunately, you don’t have to be allergic to the pollen for it to affect you. 









        
        
            new research details beef benefits

hree recent research studies published in the peer-reviewed scientific journal nutrients, add to a growing body of evidence reinforcing the important role beef plays in closing nutrient gaps for vulnerable populations such as adolescence, pregnancy and aging adults. each study analyzed the n…

















        
        
            preempting african swine fever in texas with research

as feral hog populations increase in texas and the u.s., they create desirable conditions for disease-carrying ticks and increase the risk for an outbreak of african swine fever virus. 

















        
        
            controlling infectious disease between wildlife and livestock on shared rangeland

the h5n1 bird flu — widespread in wild birds worldwide and the cause of outbreaks in poultry, u.s. dairy cows and even several recent human cases among agricultural workers – is a prime example of mixed species disease transmission occurring where wildlife and livestock interact. 

















        
        
            necropsy team offers first look into causes of animal deaths

the texas a&m veterinary medical diagnostic laboratory necropsy team in college station is devoted to positively impacting human and animal health one dissection at a time. every year, this group is called upon to perform 1,300 necropsies to monitor for diseases and answer questions abou…













                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know


















        
        
            bryan woman charged with abandoning 2-year-old daughter


















        
        
            lt. gen. downs chosen as muster keynote speaker




























        
        
            urban pest management conference set for jan. 8-10 in college station

registration for the 79th urban pest management conference and workshop hosted by the texas a&m agrilife extension service in bryan-college station jan. 8-10 is open. 

















        
        
            new planting tech helps high-residue fields thrive

oday’s corn plants are tough. in most cases, that’s a good thing, but strength comes with some drawbacks. 

















        
        
            agrilife research-led cotton belt sustainability effort underway

cover crops are going into the ground and protocols are being written for a texas a&m agrilife research-led project designed to help producers across the cotton belt improve efficiencies and the sustainability of their operations. 

















        
        
            livestock report: nov. 27

anderson 

















        
        
            livestock report: nov. 21

anderson 

















        
        
            livestock report: nov. 14

anderson 





more land & livestock post



























×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

land and livestock post

newsletters

myaggienation

rack locations

join our team

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

licensing

dealer returns

printing services

curated commerce






                        © copyright 2025
                        the eagle, 1729 briarcrest drive bryan, tx 77802
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






weekend things to do

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































