






michael hurst official website















biography/contact


curriculum
                                            vitae 


  appointments/awards


  film:
feature
short


  television:
directing
acting
other


  theatre:
directing
acting
other


  video
                                    & audio recordings
    & educational
                                    cd-roms


  other







michael is on instagram @raunchy_twyford.
_____________________



or for michael news follow:






also see the website for michael's solo show
no holds bard.


recent tv and film
my life is murder
michael directed episodes 2.9,  2.10, 3.1 and 3.4, and has a small role in 2.10.  watch it  in  north america, latin america, the uk, and australia on acorn tv, and in new zealand on  tvnz+.  season 2 is available on dvd and blu-ray. 
mysterious ways
michael has a small role in this new zealand film.  it was filmed in may 2022.  press release.
northspur
                michael plays green in this film set in a violent post-apocalyptic world.  northspur had its world premiere in in new zealand in september 2022, and is expected to be released in north america in 2023.  info
princess of chaos
                  michael plays former auckland mayor len brown
                in this tv movie dramatizing real-life  events.  watch on tvnz+.
power rangers dino fury and cosmic fury
                  michael directed episodes 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.19, 1.20, and 1.21 and voices the character of nibyro guardian in episode 1.20.  watch it on netflix in the us, canada,  new zealand, and australia, and on pop player in the uk.  in late 2022, he also directed 6 episode of power rangers cosmic fury which is expected to be released on netflix in 2023.



 






michael hurst
actor/director
official website


 






the golden ass
1 april 2023 at stratford shakespeare festival (book)
      note that                       michael will also perform no holds bard at the festival.
                          11-15 april 2023 at q theatre, auckland (book)
                          28-29 april 2023 at artworks theatre, waiheke (book) 
following a 25-town tour in 2022, michael is continuing to bring his newest solo show to more new zealand locations.
a modern take on apuleius' first century novel, this fantastical, hilarious, and sometimes terrifying tale is catapulted right into the twenty-first century.  this solo show is the tale of lucius, a young man who, driven by desperate desire and insatiable curiosity, performs an act of magic on himself and accidentally transforms into a donkey.  perilous advantures follow, with lucius falling into the hands of bandits, maidens, bakers, cultists, witches, slaves, circuses, soldiers, and more. 
theatreview:  "classic strong story telling: a simple set, simple tech, damn good acting and a relevant tale to tell.   ... a plea for empathy in a world, nearly 2000 years ago, gone mad.  relevant now?  i think so.  hiarious?  totally.  good theatre?  absolutely".
waikato times: "ass-tonishing tale a comedic tour-de-force for hurst … hurst makes a four-course meal of the material, switching from character to character and from species to species with gusto.  in sum, it's a riveting, salacious and very funny spectacle".


 
30 march-6 april 2023:  waiting for waiting for godot
 michael  is directing this play by dave hanson for boyd & brodie productions at q theatre.  it will star callum brodie, george maunsel, and acushla tara-kupei.  
two hapless understudies wait to go on in a production of waiting for godot, but will their time ever come?  they occupy their time backstage trying to understand art, life, theatre, and their precarious existence within it.  this hilariously witty comedy ponders beckett, showbiz, and just what on earth it's all about.  turns out, the only people who truly understand beckett's waiting for godot are the understudies.  click here for info and to book.
 
1-2 april 2023:  stratford shakespeare festival
michael will  perform two solo shows at the festival, no holds bard on 1 april and the golden ass on 2 april.  click here to book.
no holds bard is a glorious tour de force in which four of shakespeare's greatest creations (a foul-mouthed macbeth, a confused hamlet, a know-it-all othello, and a really hungry king lear) come kicking and screaming into the bursting, deranged brain of a single man.

    edinburgh spotlight:  " ... a tsunami of a performance ... a breath of shakespeare air and a comedic head bashing all in one!"

the golden ass is a modern take on apuleius' first century novel.  this fantastical, hilarious, and sometimes terrifying tale is catapulted right into the twenty-first century, telling the tale of lucius, a young man who, driven by desperate desire and insatiable curiosity, performs an act of magic on himself and accidentally transforms into a donkey.  perilous advantures follow, with lucius falling into the hands of bandits, maidens, bakers, cultists, witches, slaves, circuses, soldiers, and more. 

theatreview:  "classic strong story telling: a simple set, simple tech, damn good acting and a relevant tale to tell.   ... a plea for empathy in a world, nearly 2000 years ago, gone mad.  relevant now?  i think so.  hiarious?  totally.  good theatre?  absolutely"


 
13 june-1 july 2023:  king lear
 michael will direct and star in the shakespeare play for auckland theatre company. benjamin henson will assist with direction, and jennifer ward-lealand will also be in the cast, along with fasitua amosa, andi crown, joe dekkers reihana, andrew laing, jessie lawrence, shadon meredith, colin mccoll, cameron rhodes, beatriz romilly, hanah tayeb, and hester ullyart.
tender, violent, moving, humbling, king lear navigates the complexities and contradictions of human nature like no other piece of storytelling.  at a time when we are all reconsidering the role of monarchy, shakespeare's great meditation on succession, family, and country couldn't be more potent.
click here to book.
 











                         




 

