



bnaps
















british north america philatelic society

the society for canadian philately
 
 



 





home



bnapex

bnapex
previous bnapexes
bnapex juries



society

join bnaps! (application form)
privacy policy
exhibit awards
officers' reports
bnaps elections
archives
order of the beaver
memorials
youth program
links to philatelic websites



study/regional
                        groups

study groups
regional groups



publications &
                        online library

online resources & exhibits
bna topics
bnaps books
horace harrison online library
canadian philatelic
                            bibliography
study group newsletters
videos
bnaps member forum
bnaps eletter
bna portraits



what's new

what's new on this site
new ore postings
upcoming meetings and events
new bnaps books



contact us

contact us
offices and committees




member login

login
get password
login help





welcome to bnaps




your browser does not support embedded frames!









                        english
                    





                        français
                    



 

        the british north america philatelic society ltd. - bnaps - is an international
        organization (founded 1943) devoted to the collecting and study of the stamps,
        markings, and postal history of canada and the pre-confederation colonies of
        british north america (british columbia, canada, new brunswick, newfoundland,
        nova scotia and prince edward island).
    


            member information
         





membership renewal

                membership renewal notice for 2025
            

                the treasurer recently sent dues renewal notices for 2025 by email.  check your spam folder or
                contact the treasurer if your membership is up for renewal in 2025 and you haven't received the
                notice.  to renew your membership, click the "membership renewal" button.
            


convention info

                bnaps virtual convention 2025
            

                bnaps is holding a virtual convention on saturday, 1 march. it will feature a competitive
                exhibition and study group seminars. all philatelists interested in the stamps and postal
                history of canada and british north america are invited to attend, whether they be members
                of bnaps or not. attendance is free but registration is required.
            

don't have a password to log on the website?

                go to member login.  select get password.  your password will be emailed to you.
            

 



 

                membership benefits
             



                    our award-winning journal, bna topics,
                    contains articles on all aspects of bna philately. the issues are all available
                    online.
                

                    the most recent five years are available to bnaps members only:
                

                    
►  get the latest issue                    ►  get
                            previous issues


                    as a bnaps member, you can join one or more
                    specialized study groups, many
                    of which have their newsletters online.
                

                    in many areas of canada and the united states, you can
                    find a regional group
                    that offers further opportunity for fellowship with collectors of bna.
                

                    to join, complete the application form.  you can
                    pay dues via paypal if you wish.
                
 

                bnapex convention
             




                    bnapex, the annual stamp show and convention of bnaps, is held in
                    different locations from year to year.  bnapex 2025 will be held in mid-september in the
                    beautiful okanagan valley of british columbia.
                

                    bnapex 2025 vernon
                    
                    19-21 september 2025
                

                    in addition, bnaps is conducting a one-day virtual convention on saturday, 1 march.
                



bnaps virtual convention 2025


bnapex 2024 kingston palmares


previous bnapex conventions


 
 
 

                all about bna stamps & postal history
             




canadian philately - an outline, a free
                    handbook, outlines the many fascinating areas of bna philately.
                

online resources and exhibits
                    (ore) provides handbooks, articles, and exhibits covering all facets of bna philately.
                

                    the horace harrison
                            online library contains every issue of bna topics.  it also
                    features a searchable index to topics, maple leaves, and
                    the phsc journal.
                

                    a second search tool, the
                    canadian
                            philatelic bibliography, contains an index of english and
                    french books, articles, catalogues, and auctions dating back to 1864.
                

                    the extensive collection of study group
                            newsletters, documents the discoveries and ongoing research of the bnaps
                    study groups.
                
 

                member forum
             


feb 6/24
1934 3¢ jacques cartier "hairline from arm" plate flaw
aug 11/22
1935 13¢ royal yacht britannia with misplaced entry
jun 25/22
1935 meter with strange inscription on hudson’s bay company cover

 

                bnaps books
             




                    bnaps publishes 10 to 15 books per year devoted to bna philately, and offers
                    over
                            150 on its website.
                

                    the books cover the postage and revenue stamps and postal history of
                    canada and its provinces and territories from the stampless era to modern elizabethan material.
                

                    there are detailed studies and comprehensive catalogues.  there is also an exhibit series that
                    features award-winning bna exhibits.
                
 
 
 

                what's new
             


jan 30/25

update to slogan postmarks of canada, 2007 third edition


jan 26/25

newfoundland study group: january news bulletin posted


jan 25/25

exhibition and seminars at bnaps virtual convention 2025 on saturday, 1 march


jan 16/25

air mail study group: january newsletter, the pilot's log, vol. 18, no. 1, online


jan 11/25

squared circle study group: december 2024 update to the handbook, squared circle postmarks of canada posted


jan 6/25

19 newsletters from 5 study groups posted to website




details, and more...

 

                upcoming events
             



mar 1/25

bnaps virtual convention 2025



mar 12/25
alberta regional group 
zoom virtual meeting



mar 29/25

edmonton 2025 spring national stamp show



mar 30/25
golden horseshoe regional group 
in person meeting golden horseshoe



apr 25/25

royale 2025 filex, montreal



apr 25/25
lower canada / bas canada regional group 
in-person meeting at royale 2025 filex, montreal





details, and more...


canadian
                                    stamp news show listings


 
 
 






            copyright © 2015 - 2025 the british north america philatelic society.
            
            the documents on this website are for informational and non-commercial or personal use only.
            
            documents on this website shall not be used on other websites or for 
            commercial purposes without permission.
        
 


            this page was last modified on 2025-01-30.        
 


