





gerry sartsy wood stuff | a community of woodcraft enthusiasts
















gerry sartsy wood stuff






about


news 


blogs 


my account


contact











17 mar 20
1321 views
27 favs

knife collecting: a great hobby for young and old
knife collecting can be a fun way to collect something from another era. it can also be a very profitable hobby. beginning with knowing what types of knives are out there and which ones are real and which are fakes or counterfeits, you must do some homework before purchasing your first knife.

read full article









liberty safe expands utah manufacturing
liberty safe will be having a ribbon cutting event on nov. 11th at 12 pm. the ribbon cutting will celebrate the new 108,000 square ft. addition to their utah factory.18 apr 20

850
9



maximizing a less-than-perfect room
you love your house.  it would be absolutely perfect for you - except for that one room; the one that just doesn't work for you.01 may 20

351
46



multitool is the must have unviersal super gadget
the multitool is the must have tool for anyone in just about any occupation, hobby or trade.01 jun 20

584
24





04 mar 20
1367
55

3 drum building tips to help you make a drum set like the pros



08 apr 20
1231
124

5 reasons why should you use a portable air compressor with pneumatic tools



06 may 20
682
7

a guide to choosing and mounting plasma tv frames



18 may 20
645
13

a garage kit: six advantages of steel framing over wood



recent news
more news






17 jun 20
posted by administrator
730 views
95 favs

preventing internal leaks
 water damage in your home can be a costly and time consuming problem so it's important to protect your house from any external or internal water leaks. there are several things you can do to prevent leaks and damage they cause, all of which can save you a lot of money and hassle in the long run.







14 jul 20
posted by administrator
340 views
38 favs

process of manufacturing lumber - burton lumber, lovvorn lumber
lumber is the name used, generally in north america, for wood that has been cut into boards or other shapes for the purpose of woodworking or construction.







24 jul 20
posted by administrator
242 views
25 favs

rabbit housing project - 7 important and simple steps to help you build your own rabbit house
are you planning on building a rabbit house for your pet rabbit or for a bunch of rabbits? you don't need to sweat on it too much if you are just starting out on keeping rabbits. the project itself takes about 2-4 hours to finish unless you are to make a bigger hutch.







01 aug 20
posted by administrator
491 views
25 favs

radio flyer is 90 years old
radio flyer have been producing high quality wagons for 90 years. their durable long lasting toys have gained iconic status in the usa and through the coverage in film and television these wagons have become a familiar site to viewers throughout europe and beyond.







20 aug 20
posted by administrator
303 views
7 favs

renovating your home on a budget
 the cost of renovating your home can be very high, extra charges here and there can mount up leaving you with a bigger bill than you had budgeted for. with the current economic climate encouraging us to watch our pennies, it may seem like the worst time to consider renovating your home.







popular blogs



12 jun 20

posted by administrator
bench footing - the effortless technique for lowering the basement
in order to create an additional space in homes, people are resorting to the option of lowering the basement. and, bench footing is one of the widely used methods for it.what is bench footing?bench footing is a process through which you can lower the basement and provide extra structural support to the foundation.



31 aug 20

posted by administrator
building a greenhouse for sustainable living
greenhouses have been used in the past as a medium for hobbyists for their garden greenhouses but commercial greenhouses are becoming more and more prevalent as the world becomes more "green conscious" and energy efficient.



14 sep 20

posted by administrator
cedar chests - a perfect gift that shows you care
are you looking for that perfect gift to give someone? like, you want it to mean something, have a beautiful look, and be functional all at the same time because you don't want them to just discard it someday? well, there is a furnishing that has all of those qualities and that furnishing is lovely cedar chests. one would be a fantastic gift for any occasion.






newest blogs
more blogs



01 jul 20

posted by administrator
benefits of installing an outdoor sauna
there are many benefits to installing a sauna.  whether you decide to install one for health reasons, or just for the pure enjoyment and relaxation, justifying such a purchase should not be difficult.there are also several types from which to choose.  where you install your sauna will most likely depend on the amount of space you have, and how much of it you can devote.



02 sep 20

posted by administrator
cabinet knobs - how to decorate with them
just about every woman has a dream home in mind, and tends to accent their home in that particular style.  in every room of the home, a certain decorating theme will emerge that reveals a great deal about the person who spends the most time in that room.  from country to modern, there is a style for everyone.



26 sep 20

posted by administrator
choosing a pine chest of drawers
a pine chest of drawers is great for bedrooms and dens. these are designed to withstand the elements, including excess dust and erosion. with an emphasis on durability, the drawers are strong and particularly sturdy. most sets are slightly bulky in design, while others are a little slimmer. regardless of the look, they will match any room decor with true class.






about our company

our mission has always been a core value of our identity.  learn more about who we are and why we do what we do.

learn more 




join our community

find friends and other enthusiasts that share your interests.  join our community today and learn and share with others.

register today 




need help?

do you have any questions about our website?  send us a quick message and a representative will contact you shortly.

contact us 




sign up for our newsletter
get the latest updates, offers, and messages by signing up for our free newsletter!


sign up today





privacy policy |
terms of service |
accessibility statement


copyright © 2021 - www.gerrysartsywoodstuff.com. all rights reserved.







