


































































the pantagraph | breaking news | | read bloomington, il and illinois breaking news. get latest news, events and information on illinois sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















6°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



politics




business



nation & world



education



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



scores



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



local



milestones



submit a milestone



arts and theatre



limited



movies & tv



music



tv book



comics



games



columns



contests and promotions



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




our publications


woodford county journal




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



i love a deal



bloomington public notice



woodford public notice




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









6°
cloudy
























        
        
            heartland community college oks 1% increase for tuition, fees

most heartland community college students will pay $187 per credit hour for tuition and fees, starting this summer.

















        
        
            new principal, assistants appointed for district 87 next school year

bloomington public school district 87 has announced three changes to administration at two schools for the next school year, pending board of education approval.

















        
        
            vote for this week's tax & accounting plus pantagraph player of the week

scroll through each nominee, then make your vote. voting will continue through friday at noon.

















        
        
            charles ives festival taking stand at illinois state university

the festival kicks off at 7 p.m. wednesday with a free screening of "charles ives' america" at the normal theater; several concerts and a lecture are to follow at isu.

















        
        
            ex-gov. pat quinn calls on gov. jb pritzker to push ethics reforms

former illinois gov. pat quinn is challenging gov. jb pritzker, a fellow democrat, to use his bully pulpit to strengthen illinois’ weak ethics laws. 

















        
        
            oak ridge boys to headline fairbury fair

the oak ridge boys will headline the friday night concert at the fairbury fair on aug. 15. 

















        
        
            cali bailey's journey and growth from micro-preemie to coming home

editor's note: this is the second and final part of a story detailing caliana bailey's premature birth, her flight to the nicu at carle foundation hospital in urbana, the medical professionals who cared for her and her family, and her eventual journey home, where she will celebrate her first…










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                the latest



















        
        
            central illinois neighbors: obituaries for february 19

read through the obituaries published today in the pantagraph. 





















        
        
            video: drama teacher chad tallon talks about xanadu jr at thomas metcalf school

director chad tallon talks about xanadu jr at thomas metcalf school 





















        
        
            february 18 recap: central illinois news you may have missed today

get a recap of tuesday's local news stories from the pantagraph. 




















        
        
            eliminating immigrant spending, boosting education funding top senate republican budget priorities

a day ahead of gov. jb pritzker’s annual budget address wednesday, senate republicans said they want budget negotiations to include cuts to noncitizen spending while bringing in “transparent accounting.”












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            video: drama teacher chad tallon talks about xanadu jr at thomas metcalf school




















        
        
            avery jost rebound basket for tremont




















        
        
            freihaut connects for tri-valley




















        
        
            uhren steal and basket












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            richard ‘itch’ jones, longtime illinois and siu baseball coach, dies at 87

jones coached the illini for 15 seasons after 21 years at siu, compiling a career record of 1,240-752-6. he began his career at division iii macmurray college in jacksonville.




















        
        
            illinois state searches for improved defense entering rivalry game with bradley

isu has lost three straight games.




















        
        
            illinois wesleyan men face north park in final regular season home game

the titans are 11-3 in the cciw.




















        
        
            illinois freshman morez johnson jr. out indefinitely with a broken wrist

illinois freshman morez johnson jr. will be out “for a good bit” after breaking his wrist in saturday’s loss to michigan state.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            rockers styx added to devon amphitheater summer shows

styx, the popular rock band with hits dating back to the 1970s, has been added to the devon lakeshore amphitheater's 2025 summer concert lineup.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            roger dean chevrolet stadium provides the ultimate spring training fan experience

content by roger dean chevrolet. see your favorite athletes up-close during spring training at roger dean chevrolet stadium.




















        
        
            what’s next for ai relationships in 2030 in illinois?

affiliate content. explore what's next for ai relationships in illinois by 2030, focusing on technological advancements, ethical considerations, and societal impacts.












contributor








        
        
            a taste of italy: planning your feast of san gennaro dinner party

contributor content. if you've ever dreamed of bringing a slice of the feast of san gennaro into your own home, there's no better way to do it than by hosting a feast of san gennaro dinner.
















                
                opinion
                
                    



















        
        
            russia-ukraine war: zelensky pleads for 'fair' ukraine talks involving europe

a series of important meetings are taking place with wide-ranging geopolitical ramifications. the most significant meeting occurred about an hour ago, where american and russian officials concluded crucial talks in saudi arabia over ukraine's future. the talks took place in riyadh in the abs…




















        
        
            how the trump administration can curb housing costs | salim furth

one reason american voters handed the country’s reins back to president donald trump was extreme inflation in housing prices under his predecessor.




















        
        
            las vegas review-journal: universal basic income fails another test

there’s a reason that ideas from the progressive ivory tower need to be tested. often, the grandest theories fall apart when exposed to the rigors of the real world.




















        
        
            jeffery b. woodard: preserving black history in bloomington-normal

illinois wesleyan student jeffery b. woodard writes of the mission and significance of the bloomington-normal black history project.













                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            tentac apartments



                                        1 brickyard drive, bloomington, il 61704
                                    






















        
        
            central roofing llc



                                        1312 broadway ave, mattoon, il 61938
                                    






















        
        
            hunter auto recon llc



                                        845 n whitetail cir, mt zion, il 62549
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















insurance





        
        
            miller insurance agency - ad from 2025-02-16
























accountant





        
        
            tax & accounting plus - ad from 2025-02-16
























service





        
        
            town of normal - cultural arts - ad from 2025-02-16





























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram







subscribe to the pantagraph

contact us / subscriber services

activate your digital



sites & partners


home market

the limited

newspaper archives

woodford county journal

online features

get healthy




services


pay your bill

e-edition

advertise with us

work here

submit an event

submit your milestone (announcement)

submit a business achievement

become a carrier

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the pantagraph, 205 n. main st.  bloomington, il 61701
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























