



jennifer — livejournal



















































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































xxnifferxx
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














xxnifferxx







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement












recent entries friends archive profile
add to friends rss

xxnifferxx

jennifer




stress, weight loss, anxiety.xxnifferxxjanuary 26th, 2010current mood: anxiouscurrent music:cyndi lauper - she bop (...it's the radio)so last tuesday my brother got taken to the hospital because his heart stopped. i'm not going to go into too much detail but he's still in the hospital and is going through a bunch of tests today to hopefully find out what happened.i feel i've kept my anxiety level down to a minimum though there are sometimes where i have to remind myself to calm down. i just hope this doesn't trigger something worse like what happened...4 year ago now (holy shit 4 years!). tomorrow amy and i are going to a comedy show so i'm hoping that will take my mind off things and let me escape for a hour or so.as for weight loss, i've lost about 4 pounds in a week which is good. i haven't even started working out yet, just eating better. hopefully when i start working out i will see even better results. august 7th, that's my goal! if i achieve it before then, that's great!that's all for now, i will try to write in here later in the week.tags: stress, weight loss



leave a commentshareflag







...show me your teethxxnifferxxjanuary 18th, 2010current mood: determinedcurrent music:amanda blank - might like you betterholy crap i haven't posted on here in a long time but i'm hoping to post in here now at least a couple times a week.i'm starting a "weight loss challenge" kind of thing today. this is what's going to happen:1. go out and buy a bathing suit that i would never wear right now.2. i have until august 7th to get my body into a condition to where i wouldn't mind wearing that bathing suit.3. on august 7th i will go to a beach and wear that bathing suit, whether i have suceeded or failed. it will either be liberating to finally wear a bathing suit that i never thought i could wear with confidence. or if i don't do stuff out of lazyness and cheat all the time then i will be the person on the beach you see and think, "she should not be wearing that!".pretty much i'm doing this to help motivate me, i'm hoping to get my cousin involved too, we can motivate eachother! i'm also going to take before and after pictures. lets just hope in 6 months my after picture doesn't look the same as my before...or worse!i'm doing this for me, and i don't even know if anyone i have on my livejournal list even reads it anymore so i'm also writing these entries for me. if you do read this though, feel free to comment!tags: bathing suit, challenge, weight loss



leave a commentshareflag










lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off...but it's better if you do.xxnifferxxapril 19th, 2006current mood: giddycurrent music:cartel - say anything elsecomment to be addedwww.provokethestep.comcredit: lovelovelove_x 



6 commentsleave a commentshareflag







(no subject)xxnifferxxapril 7th, 2006current mood: sickcurrent music:fob - love will tear us apart



1 commentleave a commentshareflag













archive
jan2010

smtwtfs


     12
3456789
10111213141516
17181920212223
24252627282930
31      



page summary

stress, weight loss, anxiety....show me your teethlying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off...but it's better if you do. — 6 comments(no subject) — 1 comment




tags
bathing suit, challenge, stress, weight loss 


comments

hipsandhearts__11 mar 2008, 06:11lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off...but it's better if you do....you like(d) cartel?stellarfuck19 apr 2006, 16:26lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off...but it's better if you do.bitch, please!boysontheradio19 apr 2006, 14:56lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off...but it's better if you do.this is my comment.hi!:)xxnifferxx19 apr 2006, 08:12lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off...but it's better if you do.oh and fyi it's a horse thankyouverymuch!=pxxnifferxx19 apr 2006, 08:11lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off...but it's better if you do.haha yes that's not the only thing i tried to take away from him!!i have no idea what that means but it sounds kind of dirty so i like it!:)



        powered by livejournal.com









































