









lazy cloud lake geneva inn and bed & breakfast/















































 
 














 












 phone: (262)275-3322




 
















some rooms available for a saturday only stay.must call for availability.






 




about

 






back




history






cloud 9 club






policies






lazy cloud sitemap






about the owners






subscribe to newsletter 






gift certificates












b & b: fontana

 






back




preview of all rooms






amenities & breakfast






directions to the b & b












inn: lake geneva

 






back




preview of all suites






amenities & breakfast






directions to the inn












rates






weddings

 






back




engagements






wedding packages






honeymoons






wedding faq's












packages & add ons

 






back




special occasion packages






à la carte add-ons 












photos






lake geneva

 






back




entertainment






restaurants






parks & picnicking






transportation












contact






check availability






















 






 















			lazy cloud lake geneva inn and bed & breakfast		


two locations.....lazy cloud in lake geneva and lazy cloud in fontana

these lake geneva hotels are ideal for your wisconsin escape anytime, including your honeymoon, anniversary, birthday or a just a getaway.
each suite at both the lake geneva inn and the fontana bed & breakfast have the following amenities:

an in room jacuzzi or soaking tub for two with a view of the fireplace
complimentary bottle of wine, champagne, or a non alcoholic beverage
a refrigerator and microwave
private bathroom
private outside entrance

we also host small, intimate weddings in the gardens of the bed and breakfast or in front of the fireplace in the lodge area.
visit the best lake geneva inn! 
fire update: the inn is closed during remodeling after the fire.  we will be back in mid 2025, with all new suites!
one of the best lake geneva hotels with whirlpools for two and fireplaces!
our lake geneva inn is located just two minutes west of lake geneva on highway 50.
this small country inn has all the privacy and luxury of the finest lake geneva hotels.   and of the suites have a private entrance and large private decks or patios.  a magical place to enjoy your lake geneva getaway…
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
visit our premier bed and breakfast!

this bed and breakfast is located in fontana, on the west end of geneva lake.   it’s a quiet spot for your wisconsin getaway.
each suite is decorated in a relaxing style with a private bath and a private outside entrance.  three acres of gardens beckon you to take a stroll or enjoy a nap in our hammocks.
there is plenty to see and do in lake geneva. enjoy a sunset cruise on an elegant yacht or a breathtaking hot air balloon ride. enjoy the many outstanding restaurants and our quaint downtown shops. whatever your pleasure, you are sure to find it in lake geneva! located in southeastern wisconsin.  book now! 












check availability


some saturday only stays may be available, but must call to reserve.  call for same day bookings 262-275-3322 



check-in date:








check-out date:











adults
12




















































testimonials
we just got back from our first time at lazy cloud...it was incredible!!! we are so thankful for what you guys do and how amazing you make this experience. we will definitely be back soon!danielle kroll view more >> 













cancellation policy     |     website security policy   |    website privacy policy  |   pet policy









lazy cloud innw4033 state road 50lake geneva, wi 53147







phone:262-275-3322
www.lazycloud.com









lazy cloud bed & breakfastn2025 north lakeshore drivefontana, wi 53125










