











home mennello museum












































































opens in new tab or window 






skip to main content








store / directions


storedirections










					mennello museum of american art - home - logo
					



open search




search






open side menu








home



about
sub-menu

about usvisitor informationfoundersboardsmuseum staffthe menello museum store

collections & exhibitions
sub-menu

exhibitionssub-menu

anila quayyum agha: flourishing patternsimpression and realityin conversation: will wilson & edward s. curtisan irresistible urge to create: the monroe family collectioncontemporary expressions:  prints from flying horse editionsthrough darkness to light: photographing the underground railroadfloating beauty: women in the art of ukiyo-ethe grand portraits of mr eddy mummaamerican artists in the southwest from the melanson holt collectionpress releases

support
sub-menu

donatesub-menu

frank holt memorial fundannual fund givingbuilding our futuresponsorshipmembershipspet membership

rentals
sub-menu

rentals

education
sub-menu

ongoing programsreserve a docent guided tourfree family funday archive

events
sub-menu

2025 indie-folkfest at the mennello museum

2025 indie-folkfest at the mennello museum


store











home



now on view









2025 indie-folkfest
mennello museum of american art is thrilled to announce the return of its 10th annual indie-folkfest, a vibrant celebration of music, art, and community, taking place on february 15, 2025.









2025 an evening with fabulous friends
join us for an art-inspired evening under the stars at the museum. featuring fabulous friend honoree mayor glenda hood.cocktail reception | art | ella & the bossa beat | dinner | dessert









music & story time for the little ones
join us for a storybook reading and music-making in the galleries of the mennello museum, led by mark demaio of caravan learning!children under 5 years old get free admission to the museum and event. february 12 | “my feet go” by ammi-joan paquette, illustrated by sabrena khadija march 12 |”hey, water!“ written and illustrated by antoinette portisapril 9 | “my friend earth” by patricia maclach









free family funday
free family funday presented by vystar credit union and orlando health. join us on the second sunday of every month! enjoy free museum admission, docent led tours of the galleries, and a fine art project!docent led tours take place at 12:30, 1:30, and 2:30pm. open to all.









building our future
find out more about our plans for expansion, and how you can become a part of the mennello museum's transformation.









admission




exhibitions




rentals




education




donate




directions



special events







save the date! indie-folkfest at the mennello museum is returning on february 15th, 2025!








join us for an art-inspired evening under the stars at the museum.

current exhibition & programs









19
feb
2025
the original influencers: mernet larsen, steve lotz, and bruce marsh
february 19, 2025
january 31 - may 25, 2025 the exhibition examines the rich and vibrant legacy of central florida’s arts and higher education through contemplating the work of these three foundational figures – artists who have had a profound impact on the central florida art scene and have inspired generations of students.










21
feb
2025
art before lunch, a tour with curator katherine page
february 21, 2025
join us for a 30-minute lunchtime tour of our exhibition the original influencers led by the mennello museum of american art’s curator of art and education, katherine page from 11:00am to 11:30am!









01
mar
2025
museums on us
march 01, 2025
on the first consecutive saturday and sunday of the month, the mennello museum of american art offers free admission to holders of bank of america or merrill lynch bank cards, as part of the museums on us program. guests should present their card and valid photo id for admission.









09
mar
2025
free family funday presented by vystar credit union and orlando health
march 09, 2025
every second sunday of the month is free family funday! join us at the museum for free admission, docent led tours of the galleries, and a fine art project.



view more programs
mennello museum of american art enriches the public through exhibitions, education, programs, and publications that celebrate the diversity of american art.
become a member


back to top








location
900 e. princeton street
orlando, fl 32803
407.246.4278
 

hours
tuesday - saturday 10:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
sunday
12 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.
closed mondays and major holidays
 

admissions



adults 
$8


seniors (60+)
$5


educators and students with
valid id
$3


children ages 6-17
$3


children under age 6
free


active, retired military, veterans
and their families with valid id     
free



 

socials
 

facebook




instagram




x





 


 


 

 
mennello museum of american art and its exhibitions are generously supported by the city of orlando and friends of the mennello museum of american art. additional funding is provided by orange county government through the arts & cultural affairs program, and united arts of central florida. sponsored in part by the state of florida, department of state, division of cultural affairs and the florida council on arts and culture.




sponsors




thank you to our museum funding sponsors and supporters!


































                                    © 2025 mennello museum of american art | powered by granicus














