









dance flags ribbons and tambourines in christian worship 










dance in christian worship


this site is dedicated to the use of dance, creative movement, flags, and tambourines as an expression of biblical christian faith.


practical guidelines  how to use dance in the church  dealing with objections to dance  culture in the church  safety matters  costumes  makeup and finishing touches


make your own  how to make flags  how to make ribbons and streamers  how to make tambourine cases and ribbons  how to make worship cloths








my name is bona gerrie, i am from ipswich in the united kingdom. in 1983 i came to know jesus as saviour.i asked him to forgive my sin and give me the ability to live a good and fulfilling life. since i have been a christian i have known his presence, guidance, and provision in many special ways. if you feel depressed, rejected, or need hope in your life, visit heres hope i do particularly enjoy participating in worship. i have much experience in using dance in praise and worship, and lead workshops locally. through this website and my workshops, i wish to encourage others to worship in a deeper and more creative way.i hope that you find the information and links on the site helpful. permission is given for non-profit use of my written work for christian worship, teaching and evangelism. you may reproduce the notes for these purposes, provided you cite the source of the materials by including the authors name and the website address www.worshipdance.orghow god has led me in my dance ministry 





what types of dance do you do?expressive worshipdavidic (israeli)tambourineflags and ribbonsother


this site was last updated on: 18/10/2012


awards this site has won





this site needs to be viewed with small font settings, with large font settings you may see overlapping text. for more information click on the button.


other resources choreography site  dance workshops in east anglia and s.e. england dance resources links general links bible search tool messageboard



powered by webring.



this site is a member of webring. 
to browse visit 
here.







search my websites










bona's usa visit october 2001

















 add to favourites





if you would like to give a gift to support this ministry, paypal is a secure payment system that processes credit cards.










scriptural references  dance in the bible  hebrew words for dance and worship  greek words for dance and worship  flags and banners in the bible  tambourines in the bible  biblical use of colour










