






skepticreport | pay attention to the writing on the wall


























homeabout
contact





















 







lionizing sealioning
12 october 2020 | sundrya critique by claus larsen sealioning is a term created by cartoonist david malki in his comic strip wondermark #10621. sealioning assumes that a conversation held in public between two people should not be unwantedly interrupted by others, be they ever so polite,...				
					

is thomas john a real psychic? not a ghost of a chance!
4 march 2019 | psychic abilitiesby claus larsen the one certainty in life is that you will die. not even taxes are as certain as the fact that you will, at some point in the future, cease to exist. that is a hard fact to face. death is not just fodder for philosophy but also a source of income for...				
					

new world order, city hall square, copenhagen
15 november 2009 | conspiracy theories, pseudohistoryby claus larsen paranoid fanaticism as long as humans have needed scapegoats, we have also invented reasons why we have picked on the right people. within the past century, we have seen convoluted conspiracy theories about who really was behind big events like the...				
					

the white crow readings
27 july 2009 | parapsychologyby claus larsen introduction there is no question that the history of mediumship is a deeply tarnished one. we would be hard pressed to find a field where so much deceit, trickery and chicanery have been found. from the early days of spiritualism, starting with the...				
					

satanic messages – or backmasking?
1 april 2007 | psychological phenomenawe see what we want to see. we hear what we want to hear. could it be….satan? or is it merely our active imagination, being guided just a little...				
					

astrology and prejudice
1 april 2007 | prophesieshttpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxm3dta0e_m soundtrack artist: olyphant title: emerald shores (radio version) length: 60:00 format: mp3 size: 82.3 mb download here				
					

how intelligent is the average iq test designer?
1 april 2007 | pseudoscienceby dann simonsen this article is an adaptation from a danish article published in the on-line magazine para-nyt   (para news), the website of the danish skeptics. it was mainly inspired by the controversy surrounding the danish iq psychologist helmuth nyborg, an...				
					

the psychic rabbit
1 april 2007 | psychic abilities, psychological phenomenamind reading is a long-honored tradition among people with supernatural abilities. even you will be fooled by this exhibition of this skill. httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1h8bom_tm_y				
					

iq: the democratically purified racism
1 march 2007 | pseudoscienceby dann simonsen “… and to implement abstractions in reality is synonymous with the destruction of reality.” (g.w.f. hegel)1  after the ideas in the book the bell curve were thoroughly debunked a couple of years ago, almost everybody seems to agree...				
					

the pufedorf hoax
1 march 2007 | conspiracy theories, frauds & hoaxes, pseudohistoryby claus larsen the story begins on february 19th, 1948, with the murder of wilhelm jacobsen, and his wife, inger margrethe jacobsen, born scheel, in their flat in copenhagen, denmark. because the double-murder was never solved, there have been numerous myths and...				
					

« older entries

 


books

conjecturing up spirits in the improvisations of mediums (chapter)



konspirationsteoretikere - typer - trin - terror



den konspirationsteoretiske retorik (kapitel)




categories

aliens & ufos (2)

conspiracy theories (2)

frauds & hoaxes (4)

mysticism (6)

new age (7)

parapsychology (4)

prophesies (12)

pseudohistory (2)

pseudoscience (5)

psychic abilities (15)

psychological phenomena (6)

religion (4)

sundry (1)

uncategorized (1)


 























