





home



































skip to content








the w&l story
after w&l
academics
admissions & aid
campus life





alumni
current students
faculty & staff
families
visitors
|
news
events
arts
athletics
giving



























                        incredible opportunityfor those withincredible potential.
                    



play
pause












leading lives of consequence celebrates w&l’s ideals and represents a powerful investment in current and future students who will carry those values forward. this campaign funds critical priorities that will allow the transformative power of a w&l education to endure for generations to come.
learn more about the campaign.













why
w&l


washington and lee university is a small liberal arts college nestled in the virginia mountains. we are known for our personal and engaging undergraduate experience and highly regarded school of law.




w&l advantage


making college affordable


engaged community


pool of opportunities


adventure-ready location













w&l advantage

founded in 1749, w&l is the 9th oldest college in the united states, even older than the u.s. constitution.
today, w&l is a top-ranked liberal arts university that continues to build on its innovative and flexible approach to education. w&l’s motto, “not unmindful of the future,” reflects our commitment to an education that is relevant to the 21st century. 



discover majors and minors













making college affordable

w&l is one of fewer than 25 colleges in the u.s. that can admit students without regard for financial need and guarantee to cover 100% of demonstrated need without loans.
every year, w&l awards about $60 million in institutional grants and federal and state awards. 60% of the entering first-year class receives need-based financial aid, with an average aid award greater than $60,000.



discover scholarships and aid













engaged community

we are a close-knit, residential campus where students build lifelong friendships by living on campus, working and studying together, participating in clubs and activities, and serving the community.
a community which is strengthened by the student-run honor system, and the commitment students make not to lie, cheat, steal or otherwise violate the trust of the community. 



explore our campus life













pool of opportunities

our size, resources and commitment to innovation mean students have access to faculty and resources from day one.
one of the hallmarks of the w&l experience is the accessibility of faculty. every class is taught by a faculty member who often becomes a mentor, colleague and champion, pushing students to raise the bar. 



our distinctive opportunities













adventure-ready location

our campus is about 50 miles from roanoke, 140 miles from the state capital of richmond, and 180 miles from the national capital of washington, d.c.
lexington — and the adventure-ready landscape that surrounds it — become such a part of students’ lives that graduates often return to visit long after their college days are behind them.



explore lexington, va




















explore our curriculum


                                undergraduate experience
                            

                                graduate school of law
                            















scene
on campus




scene on campus is a frequently updated collection of candid photos highlighting w&l campus life.



























want to see more?


                                view the scene on campus archive
                            















the heart
of w&l




we have a long tradition of educating smart, ambitious students who have the ability and the desire to make a difference in the world.

































experiential education
at washington and lee university, we believe in the power of learning by doing, so students are encouraged to push beyond traditional classroom experiences.

experiential education at w&l












                                    campus garden
                                    














the university’s campus garden is a dedicated space growing organic produce for both the campus and local community.



































global education
most students participate in an experience abroad during their w&l experience. this may be for a term or full-year, spring term, summer program, internship, research, or service.

study abroad












                                    read laurie’s story
                                    














laurie jones is grateful for her opportunity to study in ireland and jordan through the peace and conflict program.



































undergraduate research
students are encouraged to pursue undergraduate research whether independent or in partnership with faculty.

research at w&l












                                    read aj’s story
                                    














aj mabaka ’22 plans to attend a graduate program in marine science and conservation policy.



































distinctively w&l
our size, resources, innovative teaching and interdisciplinary learning, means students get personal attention and have opportunities for distinctive experiences.

distinctive programming












                                    read jackson’s story
                                    














in addition to pursuing a double major, jackson hotchkiss ’24 is a competitive cycler.















virtual tour














from
the columns




read the columns for w&l stories on campus and around the world.












stories





view all stories










showcasing history, culture and community
w&l’s third annual nphc step show competition invited the campus and local community into a vibrant tradition.


                                                                continue reading
                                                                













positivity meets personal connections
mariam drammeh ’25 has approached research, internships and campus involvement with an eye toward a future rooted in service to others.


                                                                continue reading
                                                                













rho gammas guide first-years through sorority recruitment
sorority recruitment counselors, or rho gammas, assist first-year women in w&l’s formal recruitment process to join panhellenic sororities.


                                                                continue reading
                                                                













on our honor
past presidents of washington and lee university’s executive committee reflect on how it prepared them for a life of values-driven leadership.


                                                                continue reading
                                                                













student organization spotlight: wlur
at wlur-fm, washington and lee university’s radio voice since 1967, students get an introduction to audio production, podcasting and more.


                                                                continue reading
                                                                













living lab
this fall, w&l students learned environmental field methods at a six-acre site in rockbridge county set aside for experiential learning.


                                                                continue reading
                                                                













w&l remembers: president jimmy carter 
the former president, who died dec. 29, interacted with the washington and lee university community on multiple occasions.


                                                                continue reading
                                                                













students share entrepreneurial ideas in video pitch competition
students polished their pitching skills at a video pitch competition on dec. 6 in the harte center for teaching and learning.


                                                                continue reading
                                                                













celebrating 10 years of questbridge
since 2010, the university has enrolled 326 students through questbridge’s match program, helping high-achieving, low-income students access higher education.


                                                                continue reading
                                                                













student organization spotlight: the executive committee
washington and lee’s executive committee remains committed to upholding the university’s rich tradition of student self-governance.


                                                                continue reading
                                                                













florence as it was chosen for national competition
the interdisciplinary research project has been selected to participate in an open competition among medieval digital humanities projects for k-12 students.


                                                                continue reading
                                                                













‘to be where your feet are’
the kendrick award, established in memory of bryant kendrick ’67, encourages w&l students to experience the natural world.


                                                                continue reading
                                                                























204 w. washington st. | lexington va 24450 |

540-458-8400



social navigation


facebook


twitter


instagram


vimeo


youtube


linkedin








visitor navigation





        gps information
    



        fast facts
    



        maps & directions
    



        virtual tour
    



        employment opportunities
    




campus navigation




        directory
    



        emergency resources
    



        accessibility
    



        legal notices
    






in compliance with title ix of the education amendments of 1972, section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, and all other applicable non-discrimination laws, washington and lee university does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, ethnicity, sex, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, military status, genetic information, or any other protected class under the law in its educational programs and activities, admissions, and with regard to employment. inquiries may be directed to the title ix coordinator, elrod university commons 237, 540-458-4055, who is designated by the university to coordinate compliance efforts and carry out its responsibilities under title ix, as well as those under section 504 and other applicable non-discrimination laws. inquiries may also be directed to the assistant secretary for civil rights, u.s. department of education. see non discrimination statement
© copyright 2025 washington and lee university



















search













w&l story
after w&l
academics
admissions & aid
campus life




alumni
current students
faculty & staff
families
visitors


news
events
arts
athletics
giving














