









michigan lemon law attorney - law office of steve lehto

















































law office of steve lehto
lemon law attorney


twitter

p.o. box 168 
atlas mi 48411
248-556-4456 fax


call: 248-546-6626


email: steve@lehtoslaw.com


17200 w. ten mile rd, suite 200 
southfield mi 48075
fax: 248-556-4456
call: 248-546-6626
email: steve@lehtoslaw.com



main menu
skip to content
home
michigan lemon law

is your car a lemon?
if your car is a lemon…


steve’s articles
contact
 

search for:



 





michigan lemon law attorney




steve lehto has been practicing lemon law and consumer protection for 30 years. he has handled cases for thousands of consumers. he wrote the lemon law bible and taught at the university of detroit-mercy school of law for ten years. he is a frequent lecturer on consumer law and has been quoted by or appeared on countless media outlets such as the new york times, the bbc, cnn, good morning america, wdiv, wjbk, and wxyz. he also has written several award winning history books on topics as diverse as the italian hall disaster, the wrongful conviction of timothy masters, and the chrysler turbine car.
is your car a lemon?
michigan’s lemon law protects consumers who have bought or leased a brand new car that is defective. if your new car, truck or suv has had repeated problems that the dealer cannot repair, you may be able to make the manufacturer buy the vehicle back from you.  the most important factor is how many times has it been repaired? if it has been brought in 3 or more times for the same problem — and the problem still exists — then the lemon law may be your answer. and, if the vehicle has been in the shop for a cumulative 30 days in the first year you owned or leased it, that too would qualify as a lemon.
if you have questions or comments on the lemon law, call me to discuss them. there is no charge for the consultation. further, the lemon law requires the manufacturer to pay your attorney’s fees and court costs on your behalf. that means: if you have a good case you will never have to pay attorney’s fees to enforce your rights under the lemon law.
listen to lehto’s law


listen to steve lehto explain the lemon law on his podcast.
subscribe


subscribe to lehto’s law on youtube




 

watch on youtubelisten to steve explain the lemon law
 judge tosses 47 cases filed by the colorado electronics repair shop man owes city $38k for parking tickets on car he sold to a ‘friend’ state senator wants ‘legislative immunity’ on speeding ticket one state’s ai-issue bus passing tickets don’t hold up in court jeep pushing warranties through pop-up ads in their vehicles man wants to buy the dump where his bitcoin hard drive got tossed court rules against ai firm using copyrighted material for training beauty pageant judge can’t leave country due to voting controversy hit and run arrest for hitting tree branch in mall parking lot man refuses to pay$5 million fine for junk in his yard
sample last chance letter 


 sample last chance letter



other


will modifications void your new car warranty?


when the dealership steals back the car they just sold you


big three quality nosedives


the new lemon law bible


steve lehto talks about chryslers turbine car


suits say dealers shaved discounts


title to car is valid security agreement


lawyer rescues the dream


does the lemon law protect you when you buy something other than a car or truck?


if you didn’t get what you bargained for–or it doesn’t work–return it!


lemon law bible 



 
 




			© 2025 law office of steve lehto            









