






auto shippers ship cars with reliable auto transporters | auto shippers express























home 
 about us 
 services  
 faqs   
  free quote 
 shipping to hawaii
 contact us







home 
 about us 
 services  
 faqs   
  free quote 
 shipping to hawaii
 contact us











call now for free quote 1-800-454-1315















 experienced 

reliable and affordable 
 


auto shippers express, 

inc. is fully insured, bonded and regulated 

by the u.s. dept. of transportation.
u.s. department of transportation



1194 1st ave #4g, new york, ny 10065
phone: 347-748-2113

 




auto shipping and car transport services from true auto transport experts



expect the best!

the legendary service, staffed with experienced professionals auto shipper's express is the vehicle transporter worthy to be trusted with the shipping of your vehicle. since 1998 auto shipper’s express has offered and executed the finest nationwide door-to door auto transport services available. our exclusive geographic carrier tracking system allows us to ship all types of vehicles at the lowest possible rate. 
auto shipper’s express has become the go to source for auto transport when you really need to get your vehicle shipped in a hurry. although auto shipper’s express can't promise you overnight delivery, our express dispatch service is unmatched for speed of pickup and travel time when it comes to auto transport. call now for best rate.


a rated on angie's list!



amazing! mike price was the real deal. he worked extra hard to meet my pick-up and delivery windows to get our car from houston, tx to richmond, ca.


great. shipped faster and for much less than we expected. arrived in perfect condition. call mike, book with this company, and don’t worry. mike will make it right.



our auto shipping experts will pick up your vehicle at a place convenient to you, and transport the vehicle to your desired location, saving your vehicle from the wear and tear of added miles. auto shippers express offers both private and commercial services, and we transport all types of vehicles including oversized automobiles, trucks, military vehicles, suvs, hot rods, motorcycles, even exotic car transport to name a few. when you need a car transport company that will make sure your prized possession is handled with care, call auto shippers express to make sure your auto transport car shipping experience is one that you can tell others about. at auto shippers express we understand that moving your vehicle is no small matter. we believe that a car transport moving experience should be effortless. our experienced, professional and friendly staff is there for you every step of the move, from the initial free car transport quote, all the way to the safe, on-time delivery of your vehicle. with our auto transport services, we treat your cars like we treat our own. please don't hesitate to call if you have questions because we have answers. we are the auto shippers you can count on! car transport at its best, we are one of the only auto transport services offering true next-day-pickup cross-country car transport. we have enclosed auto transport if your car is not a daily driver or needs to be protected from bad weather. we pride ourselves on being problems solvers for people who need a car shipping transport company they can 

trust.
our outstanding record of service, competitive prices and professional experience has made auto shippers express a leader in the national auto transport services industry and earned us the respect and gratitude of our clients. we want to earn your trust.



hours of operation


 monday 
 9:00 am - 8:00 pm est  


 tuesday    
  9:00 am - 7:00 pm est


 wednesday
9:00 am - 7:00 pm est


 thursday 
 9:00 am - 7:00 pm est


 friday 
 9:00 am - 7:00 pm est


saturday 
 10:00 am - 6:00 pm est


 sunday   
 11:00 am - 5:00 pm est














we accept



quick links


 privacy 
 services  
 pickup  
 faqs   
  contract terms
blog 
 links
 contact






copyright © auto shipper's express inc. a car shipping direct subsidiary mc 566308 all rights reserved.











