





home - atco america    















































 














call us at:  (800) 227-3180
or email: atco america, inc





home
about us
products
dealers
shipping
support
contact us
 










the secret is inside


brand new dometic aftermarket cooling units in stock ready to ship!!! $575.00 + shipping. models include rm2652 series, rm2852 series, ndr1062, dm2652 series. plus many more…
remanufactured dometic cooling units also available, starting at just $445.00 for the same models
 



 
 1-800-515-6823







we’re america’s premier source for aftermarket rv cooling units for dometic and norcold rv refrigerators

top quality dometic cooling units  for rv refrigerator repair
welcome to america’s best source for aftermarket cooling units for dometic rv refrigerators. our heavy duty replacement cooling units give new life for repairing propane, 3 way refrigerators. if you need to repair a failing rv refrigerator by dometic or norcold, your best bet is choose a heavy duty replacement cooling unit from ozark cooling units. we’ve been in business 30 years, and have sold over 50,000 units. we’re built to last. we have a good large selection of dometic cooling units in stock and ready to ship.click here for cooling units.
dometic refrigerator troubleshooting and norcold refrigerator troubleshooting
use our rv refrigerator troubleshooting guide to figure out what might be wrong. chances are if your rv refrigerator is not staying cold, the cooling unit has failed

not atco? not as good

 
come to atco for top quality dometic fridge replacement cooling units. when an rv refrigerator fails,  it’s almost always because of a rupture in the boiler area which creates a leak, and that tell-tale yellow powder/residue and ammonia smell—because it’s not build heavy duty like an atco rv refrigerator cooling unit.. our unique bullet-proof boiler design is superior to both dometic and norcold original equipment as well as the “amish” built cooling unit. it results in a cooling unit that won’t rupture and lasts much longer than original equipment for a longer operating rv refrigerator, with fewer repairs . find out more about our unique heavy duty cooling units on our products page.
 

 






 delivery of rv refrigerator cooling units in lower 48
 
with shipping anywhere in the continental u.s.a., the atco america heavy duty cooling unit you need is just a click away. repair your rv refrigerator faster, with quick delivery. we can deliver a superior atco product to any dealer or do-it-yourselfer. find shipping info here


note:












 atco america

homepage
about us


 

 ordering

cooling units
heating elements
how to order
shipping


 

 support

troubleshooting
how it works
warranty


 

 get in touch

1-800-227-3180
open 8 am - 4 pm (pst)closed noon hour


 

 

© 2015,  atco america, inc. all rights reserved


 

















