





business movers assoc. near me - new jersey movers - nj moving companies












































home
about
contact us
 

search for:



 


skip to content














home
about
contact us
 

 








 




apps to create a perfect floor plan when moving to a new office

 by bmanj on 2018-11-152018-09-27 in office move




if you’re looking to move into a new office space, you might be wondering how to plan it out. you might also be wondering if you will have enough space in the right areas when you are looking at office space to rent. while you need to plan so that everyone has the space that they need to be efficient, don’t worry that making that judgement will be difficult. thankfully, several apps can help you determine if an office space has an adequate amount of room, and the apps will also help you plan how to use the space. here are the best apps as recommended by cheap movers brooklyn:

1. 5d planner
the first on our list is highly intuitive for novice interior designers. but just because it’s easy to use, doesn’t mean that it’s paired down to absolute basics that don’t encompass everything you’ll need. this app allows you to incorporate many details that will help you envision and plan the most functional office space for the room that you need to furnish. you can include individual desks and tables, and you can also design garage space and storage space. the app comes in versions that are compatible with android, os x, and ios. even better yet, much of it is completely free to try.
2. planning wiz room planner
a neat feature about this app is that you can choose to start from scratch, choose a template, or even upload your floor plan that you designed yourself elsewhere. planning wiz takes some work to get used to, but the shortcuts will certainly help you save time in the future.
3. magic plan
this app is another great one for those who already have the office space picked out and have to choose how to furnish and decorate it. the app allows you to take pictures of the space and upload them. the app will then make it into a detailed version of the space with the correct dimensions. you can then furnish the space according to what will work best for group dynamics, concentration, or anything else that you’re concerned with. it has over 1,000 objects that you can add to the space, so you’ll know that you’ve accounted for everything. the app comes compatible with ios and android devices.

4. room scan pro
the exceptionally neat feature about this app is that it can tell the room’s dimensions by scanning the room. all you’ll need to do is place the device against the wall with the app, and the room that you want to plan for will vanish. it comes compatible with ios devices, and this app will make your life that much easier.
if you’re ready to plan an office that will be functional, and you need to use your space wisely, check out one of the apps above. many apps and features will suit your needs. you can even try a few before you buy because many of them have a free version.






 




seven steps for preparing for a commercial move in new jersey

 by bmanj on 2018-06-122020-02-28 in commercial relocation




these seven steps will help your next new jersey office move go a little more smoothly. moving a business is more complicated than a personal move because you have clients to consider. clients are the financial backing of your business, and you want to make sure you don’t lose clients while making a move, but use this opportunity to attract more. once you’ve called around to moving companies in nj and found a commercial mover, here are seven more steps that will help you transition into your new commercial space.
step one (before the move): update promotional materials
with you address changing, your old materials will be obsolete. anything with your address on it should be updated. to find you, your clients need a current address. you are likely to lose sales when clients have to drive around town because you are no longer where you were.

business cards
stationery
website
social media
business stamps

step two (before the move): making sure new space is ready to receive
the painting, flooring, lighting, plumbing, air unit, heater, etc…need to be in order before you move your furnishings and products. repairmen need space to work and could damage your supplies if they have to work around them. having things in good repair and cleaned properly before the actual move, will ensure fewer hassles. make sure devise an office floorplan prior to moving, so the movers know where everything goes on moving day.
step three: post professional signs
signs stating your relocation, at the old business site and the new business site, are pertinent. post these signs early and get your current and future customers excited about the changes coming in your business.
step four: contact business contacts
telling the post office of your new address, and the date you need to have your mail rerouted is important. you don’t want to lose contact with your clients, or your business contacts in the move.
step five: announcing the office move
next is to announce the move. you can make mail-outs, emails, and post on your social media all about the upcoming move. hold positive conversations with current clients with an excited tone about how this move will benefit them in the future.
step six: use the senses
make your new space inviting by using senses: sight, smell, taste, hearing, and touch. the more you can relate to your clients in your business, the more likely they will feel welcomed and create a connection with you. think about each sense and how you can use it to attract and keep your customers. see here for more details.
step seven: have fun
have an open house! step up refreshments, free giveaways, and a fellowship area in your business. have the outdoor space welcoming, to encourage your potential customers to take a peek inside the new space. with step six already set up, it will be easy to keep them in your business and to connect with them making current and future sales.
your attitude during these seven steps of business relocation will reflect in your employees and your clients. they will know you care about them and their needs. make a move an enjoyable process and in turn a profitable one!






 




ultimate checklist to prepare your office for moving locations

 by bmanj on 2018-06-062018-05-15 in prepare office moving




even when you are getting help from the professionals, packing up an office can be one of the hardest parts of any move. offices are generally filled with a lot of delicate electronics, small items, heavy things, breakable pieces, and organized papers that can be very tricky to deal with. with all of this work, it is no surprise that moving a big office can cost up to $30,000. use this checklist from our friends at cheap moving company seattle to remember all the important details make sure you can survive the move with your office and your sanity intact.
1. remove personal possessions
though there are advantages to having someone in charge of packing up everything in the office, this can lead to some confusion when there are a lot of employees with personalized workspaces. have your employees remove or pack up any personalized belongings into a container they can easily identify and access. your employees will be more productive when they can find everything they need to get their new workspace set up.
2. discuss moving logistics with old and new buildings
many commercial buildings have regulations about how moves have to be handled. make sure you take the time to research the loading dock locations, reserve freight elevators, and find out how long you can park your moving trucks in the areas before you move. this will save you from any unpleasant surprises on moving day.
3. deal with papers
one of your priorities should be dealing with all the files and other important papers in your business. take the time to carefully go through any records you have at the company. when possible, consider shredding and discarding files that will not be needed. this can cut down on the number of things you have to move.
4. consider selling outdated furniture and equipment
with all the hassle of planning a commercial move, many offices do not want to bother with moving things they were planning on getting rid of soon anyway. it can be easier just to sell the outdated items and purchase new ones once you get settled into your new location.
5. label everything
moving will be a huge hassle if you lose track of important items. cheap everett long distance movers say the main way to combat this issue is by staying organized and making sure everything is labeled. write a list of all items inside of a box on each box, and consider using a numbering or color coding system to identify which boxes belong to which department or office.
6. prepare electronics
professional movers will make sure your electronics get to their destination without being damaged, but you can do a lot to make this process easier for the movers and your workers. before the move, carefully remove all cables or attachments and put them in labeled bags. take out the printer and toner cartridges, and carefully tape or tie down lids. you may want to check the warranty to make sure you move the device without breaking any regulations.






 




how to inform your employees about an office relocation

 by bmanj on 2018-04-262018-05-15 in office relocation




owning and managing a business is never easy. there are many situations in which keeping your staff happy and keeping your business operating efficiently can be very challenging. one situation… [continue reading]






 




five best states to move your corporation to in 2018

 by bmanj on 2018-04-16 in business moves




moving a corporation can be a long and difficult process that requires a lot of paperwork and patience. however, this process can be shortened, or remedied, by choosing to move… [continue reading]








search for:



follow us

facebook
twitter
instagram
google-plus
linkedin

find storage in nj 




latest posts


apps to create a perfect floor plan when moving to a new office


seven steps for preparing for a commercial move in new jersey


ultimate checklist to prepare your office for moving locations


how to inform your employees about an office relocation


five best states to move your corporation to in 2018








 


search

search for:



footer linkshome
about
contact us
more info if you any questions, please contact us. we'll be happy to answer your questions.
 




						copyright © 2025. business movers association nj. all rights reserved.
					

privacy notice




 










