









	medina metropolitan housing authority











mmha






find a home


for our residents


for our landlords


join our team







contact us









next step up emergency housing shelter

                    medina county’s first emergency housing shelter is on track to open in early 2025! if you are interested in learning more about how you can get involved with next step up, please visit our emergency housing shelter page.
                







2023 annual report to the community


mmha launches new savings plus program


the housing choice voucher program (section 8) waiting list is closed


apply for housing




family portal online payment feature permanently disabled

                        the medina metropolitan housing authority (mmha) has been made aware that our software company will no longer support online portal rent payments. 
                        mmha disabled the online payment feature through the family portal on thursday, february 29, 2024. online payments will not be available going forward. 
                        please make sure mmha receives your rent payment by the 5th business day to avoid a late fee being assessed. if you are interested in signing up for 
                        direct debit, please contact our housing staff for the mmha property you reside in. 
                    

                        mmha apologizes for any inconvenience this may cause. if you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact your community manager. 
                        thank you for your cooperation regarding this matter.
                    


medina metropolitan housing authority

                welcome, the medina metropolitan housing authority helps build vibrant communities within medina county.  mmha provides stable, decent, safe and affordable housing to many low and moderate-income families and individuals.
            

                headquartered in medina, the mmha office is centrally located among our properties so we can provide fast, responsive service. in addition to managing housing
                units owned by the mmha or other entities, mmha manages rental assistance and emergency programs. mmha collaborates with several local agencies including the 
                medina county adamh board, the hope and healing survivor resource center, medina county job & family services, the medina county board of developmental 
                disabilities, the society, and many others.
            



































previous



next




property and program waiting lists

                    the following mmha properties have open waiting lists that applicants may apply for on our website’s family portal:
                

                    menwa apartments
                

                    due to the high demand for affordable housing that has resulted in lengthy waiting lists, the housing authority has closed the following waiting lists.
                

                    housing choice voucher program (section 8)
                

brunswick properties
                    manhattan place
                    southwick place
                    southwick manor
                

medina properties
                    jefferson place
                    north view manor
                    south court senior villas
                

wadsworth properties
                    wadsworth villas
                    wadsworth tower
                    santee landing apartments
                


medina metropolitan housing authority supports the children’s center of medina county and its pinwheel promise campaign




                    the medina metropolitan housing authority supports the children’s center of medina county and its pinwheel promise campaign as part of child abuse prevention month.  in 2022, there were 595 children who had an investigated case of abuse or neglect in medina county.  shown in the above photo at santee landing, is labrador retriever, kulu, the housing authority’s therapy animal who also supports the pinwheel promise campaign.
                

moving to work (mtw) demonstration program

                the u.s. department of housing and urban development (hud) on september 27, 2022 announced the selection of the medina metropolitan housing authority as part of its expansion of the moving to work (mtw) demonstration program. through this initiative, hud will evaluate asset building activities that encourage the creation and growth of savings accounts and other strategies to enhance the economic outcomes for assisted households. the housing authority was one of only 18 agencies selected throughout the country for this expansion and the only one in ohio.
            

                first authorized by congress in 1996, mtw is a demonstration that provides public housing authorities (phas) the opportunity to redefine how they operate by giving them flexibility to try “outside the box” ideas that address local community needs in innovative ways. mtw allows phas the flexibility to create customized solutions to their community’s specific challenges. with the addition of the 18 phas selected for this cohort, hud will have added a total of 87 phas to the mtw demonstration program since january 2021. mtw phas are now in 40 states and the district of columbia.
            

                mtw encourages an entrepreneurial spirit to think of and create solutions in a new way. this is consistent with medina mha’s strategic plan as it works to connect eligible households with resources for affordable housing to aid in meeting other economic, educational, and social needs.
            

                medina mha serves over 1,250 households each month with rental units, rental assistance programs, and emergency housing assistance.  founded in 1953, the authority closely collaborates with the medina county commissioners, the cities of brunswick, medina, & wadsworth, and county agencies like job & family services, the adamh board, and the office for older adults.  
            

                please contact piper morgan, program manager, with any questions at 330-725-7531 ext. 2252.
            



announcements
emergency housing shelter

                    the medina metropolitan housing authority (mmha) is excited to announce that construction has started on the county’s first emergency housing shelter. 
                    the shelter, known as next step up, is located on walter road in the building that formerly housed mmha’s administrative offices. 
                    the shelter will provide a minimum of 27 beds for men, women, and children in need. for more information, 
                    please view the emergency housing shelter page or send an email to nextstepup@mmha.org. 
                

holiday closures
upcoming holidays where the housing authority will be closed are january 20, 2025 in observance of martin luther king day and february 17, 2025 in observance of president's day.

board meetings
monthly board meetings are open to the public and are normally held on the 4th wednesday of each month at the offices of the medina metropolitan housing authority.
next board meeting

                    date:   02/26/2025
                    time:   5:00 p.m.
                    location:   tbd
                

medina metropolitan housing authority receives ohio auditor of state award

                    the medina metropolitan housing authority is proud to announce that it was presented with an award for excellence in financial reporting in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) and compliance with applicable laws
                

ohio auditor of state award


south court senior villas project receives leed certification

santee landing receives leed certification

mmha strategic plan 2024-2026





about us
        


our mission 
                

                    we create and advocate for quality, innovative and diverse housing choices; we support those who face housing challenges with resources and opportunities; and we collaborate with partners who share our vision for stronger communities.
                
our vision

                    we envision a future where everyone has a safe, affordable place to call home, a sense of belonging, and a solid foundation for stability, self-sufficiency and success.  
                
our values

pride of purpose
                        
                            we believe that everyone deserves a safe and affordable place to call home and that it is a privilege to serve those who face housing challenges. we are advocates for the individuals and families we serve and strive to help those outside mmha understand and support our mission. we speak well of our clients, our colleagues and our organization, both internally and externally.
                        

customer service focus
                        
                            we believe that each person who comes to mmha has a unique life story and deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. we work tirelessly and creatively to find the best possible solution to meet their individual needs. we are kind, compassionate and patient, especially with those who have special challenges.
                        

quality work and continuous improvement
                        
                            we deliver our best in all that we do. our reputation is important to us. we want to be known for being reliable, delivering consistently high-quality work and providing housing that is an asset to the community. we question old ways of working, and if there is a better idea, we are willing to change. we seek and provide opportunities for personal and professional growth.
                        

honesty and integrity  
                        
we tell the truth – always. we share necessary and appropriate information, insights and advice frequently and constructively. we handle difficult situations with courage and candor. we question actions that are inconsistent with our values. 


leadership
                        
                            we share mmha’s vision for the future and inspire others to join us in making it a reality. we set good examples and expect others to follow. we accept and delegate responsibility, seeking opportunities to develop others. we make timely, thoughtful decisions—and communicate them to others.
                        

professionalism
                        
                            we conduct ourselves with composure and confidence. we share knowledge with others so they can learn and grow. we respect our colleagues’ time by being responsive, prepared and organized. we are consistent and fair in our treatment of others.
                        

accountability
                        
                            we hold ourselves accountable—personally and as an organization--for delivering on our promises. when we make a mistake, we acknowledge and learn from it. we recognize our obligation to be good stewards of the resources we are given.
                        

working together
                        
                            we believe that our clients and our community are best served when we work collaboratively – both inside and outside mmha. we deliver more success through shared goals and mutual support. within mmha, we work across departments to improve processes, balance workloads and find solutions for clients. outside mmha, we seek partners who share our commitment to providing quality, diverse and innovative housing choices, and who can help us support those who face housing challenges with resources and opportunities.  
                        

respect for others 
                        
                            we respect people for who they are and for their knowledge, skills and experience as individuals and colleagues. we express our appreciation for others and recognize their accomplishments. we value our people, encourage their development and reward their performance.
                        

inclusion
                        
                            we know it takes people with different ideas, strengths, interests and cultural backgrounds to make mmha succeed. we encourage healthy debate and differences of opinion. we advocate for all voices to be heard and we intervene if someone else is being marginalized.
                        


our history
                

                    the medina metropolitan housing authority (mmha) was established in 1953 as an independent political subdivision of the state of ohio
                
our commissioners and staff

                    mmha is governed by a five member, publicly appointed, unpaid board of commissioners. board members are appointed by the mayor of brunswick (2), the medina county common pleas court, the medina county probate court, and the medina county commissioners. our members serve five-year terms.

                

mmha board
                    


mmha board





julie batey
chairperson
appointed by common pleas court 
julie batey has served on the medina metropolitan housing authority board of commissioners since 2006. mrs. batey earned an associate degree in community services and a bachelor’s degree in mass media communications from the university of akron. she spent several years in human resources and is currently serving her third term as a member of the wadsworth city schools board of education and is also a member of numerous school district committees.
ms. batey is vice-chair of the wadsworth grizzlies community foundation. she is an active member of the wadsworth lions club, wadsworth high school alumni association, and assists in coordinating feeding medina county’s summer weekender bag program in wadsworth.
julie is a lifelong resident of wadsworth. she and her husband, bruce, have two children, sofie and tony, and the family enjoys spoiling their two dogs, trixie, a jack russell mix, and rudy, a purebred miniature dachshund.








j. jeffrey holland, esq
vice-chair
appointed by probate court

                                        j. jeffrey holland has been a commissioner for the medina metropolitan housing authority since 2010. mr. holland is a strong believer in community service. he is a graduate of leadership medina county and leadership ohio, and has served on the board for a number of nonprofit organizations, including his current service as a board member for leadership medina county and the western reserve land conservancy.
                                    

                                        jeff was raised in medina county. he received his b.a. from denison university, and his j.d. from the university of new hampshire school of law.  mr. holland was admitted to the ohio bar in 1988. he is currently a partner at holland & muirden, attorneys at law in sharon center, with his wife of 33 years, marjorie muirden.
                                    








carol lawler
member
appointed by the city of brunswick
carol lawler is a longtime resident of brunswick ohio and has been a member of the mmha board since 2003.  she retired in 2023 after serving as the director of  the medina county board of elections, where she was employed for 17 1/2 years.
she attended cleveland state university and has many years of experience in the financial industry both in banking and mortgage lending.  she also worked in her family-owned deli-restaurant in brunswick.
carol has three adult children and two grandchildren and is a member of st. martin of tours parish in valley city.








scott s. miller
member
appointed by the medina county commissioners
scott s. miller was appointed to serve on the medina metropolitan housing authority’s board of commissioners beginning in february of 2020. mr. miller earned his bachelor of science degree in secondary education at bowling green state university and his master’s degree in special education at notre dame college of ohio.
mr. miller has taught in the wooster city school district for the last 20 years where he currently teaches history at wooster high school. mr. miller is the past president of the wooster education association representing 500 certified and classified district employees.
in spring of 2024, he was appointed to the advisory council of the medina county home.  mr. miller spends time volunteering for the brunswick area historical society and advocates for his love of history and literacy with others. he lives in brunswick hills township with his wife, two daughters, and their dog and cat.








nick hanek
member
appointed to mmha board in july 2019 by the city of brunswick
experience
current

brunswick city vice mayor, brunswick city council president, & brunswick city council ward 2
attorney at meyers, roman, friedberg & lewis
adjunct faculty at the university of akron school of law

previous:

business owner, hanek law office
legal counsel, summit county children services
assistant prosecuting attorney – criminal and child protection divisions – lorain county
assistant prosecuting attorney – civil division – medina county
staff attorney – medina county job and family services
law clerk for the honorable james l. kimbler

education

j.d., university of akron
b.a., case western reserve university
brunswick high school graduate

community involvement

resident of brunswick for over 25 years
chair-elect, board of trustees – united way of medina county
board of zoning appeals – city of brunswick
brunswick town center & lake park advisory group
former brunswick rec center youth basketball league coach
university of akron lawyer/law student mentorship program
ohio supreme court lawyer to lawyer mentorship program
medina county bar association, ohio state bar association member








mmha key staff
                    


mmha key staff

skip sipos, executive director

                                skip sipos was hired as the housing authority’s executive director in march of 1994.  he earned his bachelor of business administration degree from cleveland state university and graduated from leadership medina county in 1997.  he completed the executive director training program from rutgers university via the public housing authorities directors association in 2011.  he is also a certified public housing manager.
                            

                                skip previously served as the executive director of the buckeye area development corporation in cleveland, ohio.  he served there for eight years.  the organization focused on community and economic development activities and rehabilitated over 200 homes during his tenure as well as redeveloped over 50,000 square feet of commercial space.
                            

                                skip’s duties at the housing authority include overseeing the agency’s many properties and programs.  he most recently oversaw the construction of santee landing, a 45-unit, affordable family housing development in wadsworth, ohio.  he reports directly to the authority’s board of commissioners.
                            

gary blake, deputy director

                                gary serves as the deputy director for the housing authority. he oversees the housing and program departments which include the housing choice voucher program (hcv), shelter + care (spc), several emergency housing assistance programs (ehap), and our portfolio of housing properties. in total, these programs serve over 1300 households each month.
                            

                                gary was hired in 2013 as the finance director. he was promoted to the chief operating officer 2017 after successfully leading both housing & finance departments. he was promoted to deputy director for the authority in 2020.   gary previously worked for medina county job and family services from 2006 to 2013. he served in finance, snap & medicaid family unit, & aged, blind, disabled medicaid unit. gary worked as a general manager for mcdonald’s for 20 years.  
                            

                                gary directly supervises the program director and housing manager. together, these departments strive to meet the mission of affordable or emergency housing availability to eligible medina county citizens. 
                            

                                gary received a bachelor of science degree in accounting from the university of akron in 1993. he also earned a graduate designation from hamburger university - mcdonald’s corporation. gary also has a specialized designation - housing credit certified professional (hccp) from the national association of home builders. successful hccps have demonstrated a thorough understanding of the complex net of low-income housing tax credit regulations that keep owners and managers in compliance. 
                            

                                gary and his wife julie live in congress township with their big, blended family – seven boys and three girls. you can often find them watching soccer when away from home and work. 
                            

kelly parker, program director

                                kelly parker serves as the program director for all compliance matters at the housing authority. she was hired in 2004 as the family self-sufficiency case manager. she then served as program manager for 14 years. she previously worked for lucas county job and family services as a social service case manager for 3 years. 
                            

                                kelly earned a bachelor of arts degree in psychology from state university of new york at fredonia in 1999. she also earned a master of education degree in adult learning and development from cleveland state university in 2005.
                            

                                kelly earned a certificate in lean mastery through the university of akron workforce training solutions in april 2021. she also earned a certificate in housing choice voucher executive management in 2008.
                            

rob ebner, finance director

                                rob ebner serves as the finance director, coming to mmha may 2021. he came to the authority from the greater cleveland food bank (gcfb), a $100m 501(c)(3) serving as their controller. during his tenure at gcfb, he automated several processes, including bank reconciliations, and month end closing.
                            

                                prior to working at gcfb, he was the chief financial officer for the battered women’s shelter/rape crisis center of summit and medina counties (bws/rcc). he served 5 years in that role, overseeing the bws/rcc acquisition and remodeling of their current building at 974 e. market street, transforming it to a 154-bed capacity facility and growing the operations to an annual budget of over $7m through new public and foundational support. 
                            

                                rob graduated from miami university (of ohio) in 1992 with a bs in accounting and passed the certified public accountant (cpa) exam in 1995. 
                            
                            rob serves on two boards as their treasurer:
                            
medina cares from 2017 to 2021, which helps those with living expenses who are facing a short-term medical crisis and,
ohio council for the social studies (ocss) since 2017, the professional organization for social studies teachers licensed in ohio.


ed witt, maintenance director

                                ed witt has joined the team at medina metropolitan housing authority to continue his mission of serving others through his extensive experience in facilities and project management. ed brings a wealth of knowledge in building systems, preventative maintenance programs and fiscal responsibility to the housing authority. 
                            

                                ed comes to the authority from metrohealth systems where he served as facilities manager responsible for 23 satellite locations comprised of hospitals, surgical centers, emergency departments, clinical and business use spaces. daily facility operations included the supervision of all mechanical and life safety systems as well as strict adherence to regulatory compliance, and ultimately, the safety and comfort of all patients, staff members and visitors. 
                            

                                personally, ed has enjoyed serving his church as a parish council member, usher, eucharistic minister, and as a member of the finance committee. he has also devoted his time teaching and coaching youth baseball and basketball and is a lifelong fitness enthusiast. 
                            

                                ed and his wife misty reside in brunswick hills. their children include brandon, owner of an investment real estate firm in phoenix, emily, a current medical school student, and shane & chad who attend brunswick schools and serve the community as altar servers and as greater cleveland young marines.
                            

aarika newlon, housing director

                                aarika newlon joined the medina metropolitan housing authority in september of 2014 as a management assistant and has worked her way up to the housing director position.  she now oversees the day-to-day of the housing team that manages 550+ units of affordable housing throughout medina county.  
                            

                                aarika is certified as a specialist in housing credit management (shcm), certified occupancy specialist (cos), tax credit specialist (tcs), fair housing coordinator (fhc) and management and occupancy review specialist (mors).  she also completed the lean mastery program through the university of akron workforce training solutions and was certified in april 2021.
                            

                                aarika previously worked at the wayne metropolitan housing authority as the intake and property manager along with various retail establishments.
                            

                                aarika and her husband brian enjoy spending time with their two young boys who keep them extremely busy with all their beloved sports and activities.
                            

jessie kane, program director

                                jessie kane currently serves as the emergency housing assistance programs (ehap) - program director. she oversees the emergency team’s day to day work, along with several housing initiatives and programs that are administered throughout the department. jessie came to the authority from the united way of summit & medina in january 2023. during her time with united way, jessie was a rapid rehousing case manager, and then transitioned to united way’s family case manager, working primarily with families in the school system who were experiencing a housing crisis. prior to her role with uwsm, jessie spent 18 months completing her field work at a family shelter in summit county. 
                            

                                jessie graduated with honors from the university of akron with a bachelor of arts degree in social work. jessie is trained in best practices in trauma informed care, mental health first aid, and housing first. 
                            

                                jessie and her husband logan enjoy being parents to their daughter ellie. they are avid sports and star wars fans. jessie and her husband are committed foster parents for a local golden retriever rescue. they have two goldens of their own, and always make room for a golden in need.
                            

piper morgan, program director

                                piper morgan currently serves as the program director for the housing choice voucher (hcv) program. she supervises the management assistants and oversees 699 households per month who receive the assistance. piper’s responsibilities for the authority include program compliance, quality control, and landlord outreach and advocacy. piper has been with the housing authority since 2017 starting in the emergency department. she came to the medina housing authority from community action wayne/medina, where she was a center manager for preschool programs. 
                            

                                piper graduated from slippery rock university with a bachelor’s degree of science in special education and community services. she is a recent graduate of leadership medina’s lead institute. she is also a certified voucher specialist. 
                            

                                piper is a lifelong medina resident and shares three adult children with her husband terry. she has two dogs, enjoys cooking, reading, playing bingo with her friends and is an avid sports fan.
                            








 




                medina metropolitan housing authority
            

                designed and hosted by pha-web. copyright © 2017. all rights reserved. admin login








