








duffy electric boats - sales, rentals, & service






























































 



about









back
about faq lifestyle

merch store
buy









back
buy cat 16 snug harbor 18 duffy 20 sun cruiser 22 cuddy cabin 22 bay island 22 pre owned

rent









back
original location (pch) balboa fun zone

parts & service









back
parts & service duffy care

subscribe
 



 contact



















buy 
							rent 
							lifestyle 
							a duffy is more than just a boat, it's a 
							
 








 

rent a duffy
create an unforgettable experience

						from birthday bashes to epic date nights, our affordable rental packages give everyone the opportunity to experience the duffy lifestyle!                    



rent a duffy





													pch												



													balboa fun zone												









buy a duffy
the original, and still the best

			            duffy is the most popular boat in newport harbor for a reason. with our iconic and timeless design, enduring quality and unmatched joy of operation, duffy boats create an ownership experience like no other.                    



buy a duffy








a world waiting to be discovered

					duffy electric boats have set the bar for quality for over 50 years, and it’s no coincidence. all of our boats are handmade to exacting standards right here in the usa. when you step onto a duffy electric boat, you can feel the difference.				









snug harbor 18

 



explore snug harbor 18






cuddy cabin 22

 



explore cuddy cabin 22






bay island 22

 



explore bay island 22






sun cruiser 22

 



explore sun cruiser 22






cat 16

 



explore cat 16






duffy 20

 



explore duffy 20
















					once you experience a duffy, everything else is just a boat                
testimonies







 


“i would not have thought it was possible, but i’m happier with my sweet sun cruiser 4 years later.  this baby yacht is still over the top fabulous, extremely simple, low maintenance and a consistently dependable, high performer for enjoyable backyard lake excursions or trips to the inter coastal.”



leanne
duffy sun cruiser 22’








 


“owning a duffy boat puts pleasure back into boating. time spent in our duffy is always relaxing and refreshing! stress melts away just hearing the waves and the wind.”



christina
duffy bay island 22′











 



 








nothing handles like a
duffy

						the revolutionary duffy power rudder™ allows for an almost magical ease of operation. perform maneuvers you never thought possible in a boat, including getting in and out of the tightest spaces with absolute confidence and ease. you really have to see it to believe it.                    




                                learn more about the duffy power rudder                            




 



discover duffy electric boats










 

about
rent – original location (on pch)
rent – balboa fun zone
buy
parts & services
contact
 


copyright © 2024 duffy electric boat company. all rights reserved.



    website managed by 
    
      3dmedia
    





rent now








stay in the loop!
* indicates required
email address *
sms phone number *







duffy boats – by providing your phone number and checking the box, you agree to receive promotional and marketing messages, notifications, and customer service communications from duffy boats. message and data rates may apply. consent is not a condition of purchase. message frequency varies. text help for help. text stop to cancel. see  andterms.


last name 
first name 













			×			






























