


 ponyshare













































calltoday
(973) 644-3355

home
about us
birthday parties
baraat/indian wedding
contact us
make deposit
equestrian summer camp
 















 
click here to see what one of our junior instructors does with monchie, her rescued mustang






best of the best

we won 1st place for:
summer camps and volunteering
  
newsletter signup click here to sign up!
seaton hackney stables
looking to ride in morris county?

visit our sister-facilty, seaton hackney stables (morristown, nj) for pony rides, private riding lessons, troop riding, and trail rides.
latest news & articles 
12-year-old morristown girl is a horse whisperer in training











birthday parties
let us host your next party!








camps & programs
ages 3 to 17





  
      welcome to the ponyshare website

 
 

since its 1985 inception, ponyshare has become the vehicle of choice for the equine entertainment and educational needs in new york, new jersey, and pennsylvania! ponyshare has become the premier mobile equine program in the tri-state area, offering year-round mobile programs for all ages. our summer camp program comes to your town, bringing well-trained horses, ponies, and staff to introduce your children to the world of equines.
equishare usa, llc. relies upon great counselors, instructors, and team leaders to operate our extensive summer program. we also offer year-round mobile programs which can be delivered to your school, recreation department, or local parks (with permission from your town). if you have a background in horses and education, an outgoing personality, and the desire to meet and work with wonderful children, please contact us for employment opportunities.
all employees must have background checks and are routinely subjected to drug-testing.







pep program our pep program consists of a 6-week program starting either saturday or sunday. as seaton hackney is experiencing a steady increase in ridership, we encourage you to register early for our popular programs.
pep program

registration form


 

volunteer training 
our volunteer program continues to be a great opportunity for young riders who love horses to deepen their knowledge and understanding of horsemanship, assist others, and defray the cost of riding. certification classes will be held over seven weeks (rats) nine weeks (cats) running 1.5 hours long.

volunteering information


 













 copyright © 2024 - ponyshare





web design and hosting: scottidesign.com


















