




the two witnesses















the two witnesses


amazing facts you need to know about the coming two witnesses in revelation 11!
open your bible and look up these scriptures.
rev 11:3 and i will give power to my two witnesses, and they will prophesy a thousand, two hundred and sixty days, dressed in sackcloth.
rev 11:4 these are the two olive trees, and the two lampstands, (or the two candlesticks) standing before the god of the earth.
zec 4:14 then said he, these are the two anointed ones, that stand by the lord of the whole earth. in the litv "the two sons of fresh oil" and the ylt "the two sons of the oil"
rev 11:10 "these two prophets"
as you search the web you may also find them called...the two appointed ones; the two chosen ones; end-time prophets; end-time witnesses; and god's two witnesses.
many false two witnesses, teachers, and prophets are here now!
so how do you identify these false witnesses, teachers and prophets?
now lets see what your bible has to say about false prophets. the words of jesus in red. bold emphasis mine.
mat 24:11 and many false prophets will be raised and will cause many to err.
mat 24:24 for false christs and false prophets will rise up. and they will give great signs and wonders, so as to lead astray, if possible, even the elect.
rev 2:2 i know your works, and your labor, and your patience, and that you cannot bear evil ones; and you tried those pretending to be apostles and are not, and found them to be liars.
tit 1:10 for there are indeed many insubordinate men, empty talkers and mind-deluders, especially those of the circumcision,
tit 1:11 whose mouth you must stop, who overturn whole houses, teaching things which they ought not for the sake of ill gain.
col 2:8 watch that there not be one robbing you through philosophy and empty deceit, according to the tradition of men, according to the elements of the world, and not according to christ.
rom 16:17 and brothers i exhort you to watch those making divisions and causes of stumbling contrary to the doctrine which you learned, and turn away from them.
rom 16:18 for such ones do not serve our lord jesus christ, but their own belly, and by smooth speaking and flattering they deceive the hearts of those without guile.
jer 28:9 as for the prophet who prophesies of peace, when the word of the prophet shall come to pass, the prophet shall be known as one whom jehovah has truly sent him.
2pe 2:1 but false prophets were also among the people, as also false teachers will be among you, who will secretly bring in destructive heresies, and denying the master who has bought them, bringing swift destruction on themselves.
2pe 2:2 and many will follow their destructive ways, by whom the way of truth will be evil spoken of.
2pe 2:3 and by covetousness, with well-turned words, they will use you for gain, for whom judgment of old does not linger, and their destruction does not slumber. (read through verse 22)
jud 1:4 for certain men crept in secretly, those having been of old marked out to this condemnation, ungodly ones perverting the grace of god for unbridled lust, and denying the only master, god, even our lord jesus christ.
rom 16:17 and brothers i exhort you to watch those making divisions and causes of stumbling contrary to the doctrine which you learned, and turn away from them.
rom 16:18 for such ones do not serve our lord jesus christ, but their own belly, and by smooth speaking and flattering they deceive the hearts of those without guile.
mat 7:15 but beware of the false prophets who come to you in sheep's clothing, but inside they are plundering wolves.
col 2:8 watch that there not be one robbing you through philosophy and empty deceit, according to the tradition of men, according to the elements of the world, and not according to christ.
2co 11:12 but what i do, i also will do, that i may cut off the opportunity of those desiring an opportunity, so that in that which they boast, they be found also as we.
2co 11:13 for such ones are false apostles, deceitful workers transforming themselves into apostles of christ.
2co 11:14 and did not satan marvelously transform himself into an angel of light?
2co 11:15 it is not a great thing, then, if also his ministers transform themselves as ministers of righteousness, whose end will be according to their works.
2co 11:3 but i fear lest by any means, as the serpent deceived eve in his craftiness, so your thoughts should be corrupted from the purity which is due to christ.
2co 11:4 for if, indeed, the one coming proclaims another jesus, whom we have not proclaimed, or if you receive another spirit which you have not received, or another gospel which you never accepted, you might well endure these .
2th 2:1 and, brothers, we entreat you, by the coming of our lord jesus christ, and of our gathering together to him,
2th 2:2 for you not to be quickly shaken in the mind, nor to be disturbed, neither through a spirit, nor through speech, nor through letter, as through us, as if the day of christ has come.
2th 2:3 do not let anyone deceive you in any way, because that day will not come unless first comes the falling away, and the man of sin is revealed, the son of perdition,
2th 2:4 the one opposing and exalting himself over everything being called god, or object of worship, so as for him "to sit in the temple of god" as god, setting forth himself, that he is god. dan. 11:36; eze. 28:2
2th 2:5 do you not remember that i told you these things, i yet being with you?
2th 2:6 and now you know the thing holding back, for him to be revealed in his time.
2th 2:7 for the mystery of lawlessness already is working, only he is holding back now, until it comes out of the midst.
2th 2:8 and then "the lawless one" will be revealed, "whom" "the lord" "will consume" "by the spirit of his mouth," and will bring to nought by the brightness of his presence. isa. 11:4
2th 2:9 his coming is according to the working of satan in all power and miraculous signs and lying wonders,
2th 2:10 and in all deceit of unrighteousness in those being lost, because they did not receive the love of the truth in order for them to be saved.
2th 2:11 and because of this, god will send to them a working of error, for them to believe the lie,
2th 2:12 that all may be judged, those not believing the truth, but who have delighted in unrighteousness.
2th 2:13 but we ought to thank god always concerning you, brothers, beloved by the lord, because god chose you from the beginning to salvation in sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth,
2th 2:14 to which he called you through our gospel, to obtain the glory of our lord jesus christ.
2th 2:15 so, then, brothers, stand firm and strongly hold the teachings you were taught, whether by word or by our letter.
2th 2:16 but may our lord himself, jesus christ, and our god and father, the one having loved us and having given everlasting comfort and good hope by grace,
2th 2:17 encourage your hearts, and may he establish you in every good word and work.
can we know who the false two witnesses are? yes we can know. you have to use discernment. thats your ability to judge well. to obtain spiritual guidance and understanding you must open your bible and read it.
the real two witnesses will not:
speak prophesy and it fail to happen !
the two witnesses will not lie? when they speak, it will be the truth ! and what they say will happen!
deu 18:21 and if you say in your heart, how shall we know the word which jehovah has not spoken?
deu 18:22 when a prophet speaks in the name of jehovah, if the thing does not happen or come about, that is the thing which jehovah has not spoken; that prophet has spoken it proudly; you shall not be afraid of him.
try to sell you anything?
joh 2:14 and he found those selling oxen and sheep and doves in the temple, and the money changers sitting.
joh 2:15 and making a whip out of ropes, he threw all out of the temple, both the sheep, and the oxen, and the money changers, pouring out the money and overturning the tables.
joh 2:16 and to the ones selling the doves, he said, take these things from here! do not make my father's house a house of merchandise.
the two witnesses will not sell you anything ! it will be freely given ! does a prophet, teacher, or witness you found have something to sell you? tee shirts, clothing, or other products. a new book with new insight about prophecy. important information that they say you need, but, you have to buy it!
if this information is important, why is it not freely given?
did god's prophets in the past charge for prophesy or information?
why is this important information not freely given or posted on their web site so it can be downloaded for free?
what about the people who can't afford to buy this important information?

the twelve apostles where not to charge for what they freely received!
mat 10:5 jesus sent these twelve out, charging them, saying: do not go into the way of the nations, and do not go into a samaritan city.
mat 10:6 but rather go to the lost sheep of the house of israel.
mat 10:7 and going on, proclaim, saying, the kingdom of heaven has drawn near.
mat 10:8 heal sick ones, cleanse lepers, raise dead ones, cast out demons. you freely received, freely give.
mat 10:9 do not provide gold, nor silver, nor copper in your belts,
luk 14:33 so then every one of you who does not abandon all his possessions is not able to be my disciple.
note: this does not mean that they where not freely given funds to help support and feed them on their journeys. read all of 1co 9. paul surrenders his rights. tithes and offerings are still in effect.
1co 9:11 if we have sowed spiritual things to you, is it a great thing if we shall reap of your fleshly things?
1co 9:12 if others have a share of the authority over you, should not rather we? but we did not use this authority, but we endured all things, so that we might not give a hindrance to the gospel of christ.
the real two witnesses will keep the commandments
joh 14:15 if you love me, keep my commandments.
joh 14:21 he that has my commandments and keeps them, it is that one who loves me; and the one that loves me shall be loved by my father, and i shall love him and will reveal myself to him.
joh 14:23 jesus answered and said to him, if anyone loves me, he will keep my word, and my father shall love him. and we will come to him and will make a dwelling place with him.
joh 14:24 the one who does not love me does not keep my words. and the word which you hear is not mine but of the father who sent me.
1jn 2:3 and by this we know that we have known him, if we keep his commands.
1jn 2:4 the one saying, i have known him, and not keeping his commands is a liar, and the truth is not in that one.
1co 7:19 circumcision is nothing, and uncircumcision is nothing, but the keeping of god's commandments.
joh 15:10 if you keep my commandments you will continue in my love, as i have kept my father's commandments and continue in his love.
1jn 5:2 by this we know that we love the children of god: when we love god and keep his commandments.
1jn 5:3 for this is the love of god, that we keep his commandments; and his commandments are not heavy.
1jn 3:22 and whatever we ask, we receive from him, because we keep his commandments, and we do the things pleasing before him.
1jn 3:23 and this is his commandment, that we should believe the name of his son, jesus christ, and love one another, even as he gave command to us.
1jn 3:24 and the one keeping his commandments abides in him, and he in him. and by this we know that he abides in us, by the spirit which he gave to us.
2jn 1:5 and i now request you, lady, not writing as a new commandment, but one which we had from the beginning, that we should love one another.
2jn 1:6 and this is love, that we should walk according to his commandments. this is the commandment, even as you heard from the beginning, that you should walk in it.
2jn 1:7 because many deceivers went out into the world, those not confessing jesus christ to have come in the flesh, this is the deceiver and the antichrist.
2jn 1:8 watch yourselves, that we may not lose the things we worked out, but that we may receive a full reward.
2jn 1:9 everyone transgressing and not abiding in the doctrine of christ does not have god. the one abiding in the doctrine of christ, this one has the father and the son.
2jn 1:10 if anyone comes to you and does not bear this doctrine, do not receive him into the house, and do not speak a greeting to him.
2jn 1:11 for the one speaking a greeting shares in his evil works.
rev 12:17 and the dragon was enraged over the woman, and went away to make war with the rest of her seed, those keeping the commandments of god, and having the testimony of jesus christ.
rev 22:14 blessed are the ones doing his commands, that their authority will be over the tree of life, and by the gates they may enter into the city.
rev 22:15 but outside are the dogs and the sorcerers, and the fornicators, and the murderers, and the idolaters, and everyone loving a lie, and making it.
rev 14:12 here is the patience of the saints; here are the ones keeping the commands of god, and the faith of jesus.
the ten commandments
exo 20:1 and god spoke all these words, saying,
exo 20:2 i am jehovah your god, who has brought you out from the land of egypt, from the house of bondage.
exo 20:3 you shall not have any other gods before me.
exo 20:4 you shall not make a graven image for yourself, or any likeness in the heavens above, or in the earth beneath, or in the waters under the earth;
exo 20:5 you shall not bow to them, and you shall not serve them; for i am jehovah your god, a jealous god, visiting the iniquity of fathers on sons, on the third and on the fourth generation, to those that hate me;
exo 20:6 and doing kindness to thousands, to those loving me, and to those keeping my commandments.
exo 20:7 you shall not take the name of jehovah your god in vain; for jehovah will not leave unpunished the one who takes his name in vain.
exo 20:8 remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy; (note: mar 2:27 and he said to them, the sabbath came into being for man's sake, not man for the sabbath's sake. mar 2:28 so then the son of man is lord of the sabbath also.)**
exo 20:9 six days you shall labor and do all your work;
exo 20:10 and the seventh day is a sabbath to jehovah your god; you shall not do any work, you, and your son, and your daughter, your male slave and your slave-girl, and your livestock, and your stranger who is in your gates.
exo 20:11 for in six days jehovah made the heavens and the earth, the sea, and all which is in them, and he rested on the seventh day; on account of this jehovah blessed the sabbath day and sanctified it.
exo 20:12 honor your father and your mother, so that your days may be long on the land which jehovah your god is giving to you.
exo 20:13 you shall not murder.
exo 20:14 you shall not commit adultery.
exo 20:15 you shall not steal.
exo 20:16 you shall not testify a witness of falsehood against your neighbor.
exo 20:17 you shall not covet your neighbor's house; you shall not covet your neighbor's wife, or his male slave, or his slave-girl, or his ox, or his ass, or anything which belongs to your neighbor.
jesus did not do away with the commandments!
mat 5:17 do not think that i came to annul the law or the prophets; i did not come to annul, but to fulfill.
mat 5:18 truly i say to you, until the heaven and the earth pass away, in no way shall one iota or one tittle pass away from the law until all comes to pass.
mat 5:19 therefore, whoever relaxes one of these commandments, the least, and shall teach men so, he shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven. but whoever does and teaches them , this one shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.
mat 19:16 and, behold, coming near, one said to him, good teacher, what good thing shall i do that i may have eternal life?
mat 19:17 and he said to him, why do you call me good? no one is good except one, god! but if you desire to enter into life, keep the commandments. (note: why did jesus say "no one is good except one, god" this is god the father he is talking about here. jesus in human form can not be considered good, he had human nature!)
luk 6:46 and why do you call me lord, lord, and do not do what i say?
deu 4:2 you shall not add to the word which i command you, nor take from it, to keep the commandments of jehovah your god which i command you.
deu 11:1 and you shall love jehovah your god, and keep his charge, and his statutes and his judgments, and his commandments all the days.
deu 28:1 and if you shall heed the voice of jehovah your god, taking heed to do all his commandments which i command you this day, jehovah your god shall set you on high above all nations of the earth.
deu 5:29 oh that this heart of theirs would be like this always, to fear me, and to keep all my commandments, that it might be well with them, and with their sons forever.
deu 6:2 that you might fear jehovah your god, to keep all his statutes and his commandments which i command you; you, and your son, and your sons' son, all the days of your life; and that your days may be prolonged.
deu 28:15 and it shall be, if you will not heed the voice of your god, to take heed to do all his commandments and his statutes which i am commanding you today, even all these curses shall come on you and overtake you:
deu 28:45 and all these curses shall come on you and shall pursue you and overtake you, until you are destroyed; for you did not heed the voice of jehovah your god, to keep his commandments and his statutes which he commanded you.
please read all of deuteronomy 28 to see the blessings for obedience and curses for disobedience!
psa 19:7 the law of jehovah is perfect, converting the soul. the testimony of jehovah is sure, making the simple wise.
psa 19:8 the precepts of jehovah are right, rejoicing the heart; the commands of jehovah are pure, giving light to the eyes.
psa 111:10 the fear of the lord is the beginning of wisdom: a good understanding have all they that do his commandments: his praise endureth for ever.
psa 119:142 your righteousness is forever, and your law is truth.
psa 119:151 you are near, o jehovah, and all your commands are truth.
psa 119:160 the sum of your word is true; every one of your righteous judgments endures forever.
psa 119:172 my tongue shall answer your word, for all your commands are righteousness.
dan 9:4 and i prayed to jehovah my god. and made my confession, saying, o lord, the great and awesome god, keeping the covenant and mercy of those who love him, and to those who keep his commandments,
heb 10:16 "this is the covenant which i will covenant to them after those days, says the lord: giving my laws on their hearts, and i will write them on their minds;"
mic 4:1 but it shall be in the end of the days, the mountain of the house of jehovah shall be established on the top of the mountains; and it shall be lifted up from the hills; and peoples shall flow on it.
mic 4:2 and many nations shall come and say, come, and let us go up to the mountain of jehovah, and to the house of the god of jacob. and he will teach us from his ways, and we will walk in his paths. for the law shall go forth out of zion, and the word of jehovah from jerusalem.
ecc 12:13 let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: fear god, and keep his commandments; for this applies to every man.
the two witnesses in revelation 11
rev 11:1 and a reed like a staff was given to me, and the angel stood, saying, rise and measure the temple of god and the altar, and those worshiping in it.
rev 11:2 and cast aside the outside court of the temple, and do not measure it. for it was given to the nations, and they will trample the holy city forty two months. note: as seen here in rev 11:1-2 the temple has been rebuilt before the two witnesses are given authority in rev 11:3. has the temple been rebuilt yet? no! if you would like to follow the effort to rebuild the temple go here: www.templeinstitute.org to search for more information about where the temple mount is located search here: youtube
rev 11:3 and i will give to my two witnesses, and they will prophesy a thousand, two hundred and sixty days, dressed in sackcloth.
rev 11:4 these are the two olive trees, and the two lampstands, standing before the god of the earth.
rev 11:5 and if anyone desires to harm them, fire comes out of their mouth and devours their enemies. and if anyone desires to harm them, so it is right for him to be killed.
rev 11:6 these have the authority to shut up the heaven, that no rain may rain in the days of their prophecy. and they have authority over the waters, to turn them into blood, and to strike the earth with every plague, as often as they desire.
rev 11:7 and when they complete their witness, the beast coming up out of the abyss will make war with them, and will overcome them, and will kill them.
rev 11:8 and their bodies will be on the street of the great city, which spiritually is called sodom, and egypt, where our lord was crucified.
rev 11:9 and some from the peoples and tribes and tongues and nations will see their dead bodies three days and a half; and they do not allow their dead bodies to be put in tombs.
rev 11:10 and those living on the earth will rejoice over them, and will make merry. and they will send one another gifts, because these two prophets tormented those living on the earth.
rev 11:11 and after three days and a half, a spirit of life from god entered into them, and they stood on their feet. and great fear fell on the ones beholding them.
rev 11:12 and they heard a great voice out of heaven saying to them, come up here. and they went up into the heaven in the cloud. and their enemies saw them.
rev 11:13 and in that hour a great earthquake occurred, and the tenth part of the city fell. and there were killed in the earthquake seven thousand names of men. and the rest became terrified, and gave glory to the god of heaven.
rev 11:14 the second woe departed. and, behold, the third woe is coming quickly.
rev 11:15 and the seventh angel trumpeted. and there were great voices in heaven, saying, the kingdoms of the world became our lord's, even of his christ; and he shall reign to the ages of the ages.
rev 11:16 and the twenty four elders sitting before god on their thrones fell on their faces and worshiped god,
rev 11:17 saying, we thank you, lord god almighty, the one who is, and who was, and who is coming, because you took your great power and reigned.
rev 11:18 and the nations were full of wrath; and your wrath came, and the time of the judging of the dead, and to give the reward to your slaves, to the prophets, and to the saints, and to the ones fearing your name, to the small and to the great, and to destroy those destroying the earth.
rev 11:19 and the temple of god in heaven was opened, and the ark of his covenant was seen in his temple, and lightnings, and voices, and thunders, and an earthquake, and a great hail occurred.
the two witnesses in zechariah 4
zec 4:1 and the angel who was speaking with me returned and awakened me, as a man is awakened out of his sleep.
zec 4:2 and he said to me, what do you see? and i said, i see, and behold, a lampstand, all of it gold, and a bowl on its top, and its seven lamps on it, and seven spouts each to the seven lamps on its top;
zec 4:3 and two olive trees are beside it, one on the right of the bowl, and one on its left.
zec 4:4 and i answered and spoke to the angel who was talking with me, saying, what are these, my lord?
zec 4:5 and the angel who was speaking with me answered and said to me, do you not know what these are? and i said, no, my lord.
zec 4:6 then he answered and spoke to me, saying, this is the word of jehovah to zerubbabel, saying, not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, says jehovah of hosts.
zec 4:7 who are you, o great mountain? before zerubbabel you shall become a plain. and he shall bring forth the capstone with shouts: grace! grace to it!
zec 4:8 and the word of jehovah was to me, saying,
zec 4:9 the hands of zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house; his hands shall also finish it. and you shall know that jehovah of hosts has sent me to you.
zec 4:10 for who has despised the day of small things? for they shall rejoice and shall see the plummet stone in the hand of zerubbabel. these seven are the eyes of jehovah; they run to and fro through all the earth.
zec 4:11 and i answered and said to him, what are these two olive trees on the right of the lampstand, and on its left?
zec 4:12 and i answered a second time and said to him, what are the two clusters of olive trees beside the two golden pipes, emptying the golden oil from themselves?
zec 4:13 and he spoke to me, saying, do you not know what these are? and i said, no, my lord.
zec 4:14 and he said, these are the two sons of fresh oil who stand by the lord of the whole earth.
there are many false teachers, false prophets, and false two witnesses here today, and many more to come in the years ahead.

my mission is to help you have discernment of those that pretend to be the two witnesses of revelation 11.
2co 11:12 but what i do, i also will do, that i may cut off the opportunity of those desiring an opportunity, so that in that which they boast, they be found also as we.

search the net for information about the person calling themselves a prophet or one of the two witnesses. you may be surprised to see what you can find with a little effort. use all the search engines not just one. you could be missing a lot of information that could help you by using just one search engine and don't stop after the 3rd page. do your "due diligence"! seek and you shall find.
false prophets condemned
eze 13:1 and the word of jehovah was to me, saying,
eze 13:2 son of man, prophesy against the prophets of israel who prophesy. and say to those who prophesy out of their own heart, hear the word of jehovah:
eze 13:3 so says the lord jehovah, woe to the foolish prophets who walk after their own spirit and have seen nothing!
eze 13:4 o israel, your prophets are like foxes in the deserts.
eze 13:5 you have not gone up into the breaks, nor built a wall around the house of israel, that it might stand in the battle, in the day of jehovah.
eze 13:6 they have seen vanity and lying divination, saying, jehovah declares! and jehovah has not sent them, but they hoped to confirm their word.
eze 13:7 did you not see a vain vision and speak a lying divination? yet you say, jehovah declares, though i have not spoken.
eze 13:8 so the lord jehovah says this: because you have spoken vanity and have seen a lie, therefore, behold, i am against you, declares the lord jehovah.
eze 13:9 and my hand shall be against the prophets who see vanity, and who divine a lie. they shall not be in the council of my people, and they shall not be written in the writing of the house of israel, and they shall not enter into the land of israel. and you shall know that i am the lord jehovah.
isa 8:19 and when they say to you, seek to the mediums, and to wizards who peep and mutter; should not a people seek to its god, than for the living to seek to the dead?
isa 8:20 to the law and to the testimony! if they do not speak according to this word, it is because there is no dawn to them!
jer 23:1 woe to shepherds who destroy and scatter the sheep of my pasture, says jehovah.
jer 23:2 because of this, so says jehovah the god of israel against the shepherds who shepherd my people: you have scattered my flock, and have driven them away, and have not visited them. behold, i will visit on you the evil of your doings, says jehovah.
jer 23:25 i have heard what the prophets said, those who prophesy lies in my name, saying, i have dreamed, i have dreamed.
jer 23:26 how long is this there in the heart of the prophets, the prophets of lies; yea, the prophets of the deceit of their own heart?
jer 23:27 they plot to cause my people to forget my name by their dreams which they tell, each one to his neighbor, even as their fathers have forgotten my name for baal.
jer 23:28 the prophet who has a dream, let him tell a dream. and he who has my word, let him speak my word faithfully. what has the straw to do with the grain, says jehovah?
jer 23:31 jehovah says, behold, i am against the prophets who use their tongues and say, he says.
jer 23:32 jehovah says, behold, i am against those who prophesy false dreams, and tell them, and cause my people to go astray by their lies, and by their frivolity. yet i did not send them nor command them. and they will not profit this people at all, says jehovah.
deu 13:1 if a prophet or a dreamer of dreams rises among you, and gives you a sign or a wonder,
deu 13:2 and the sign or the wonder which he foretold to you occurs, saying, let us go after other gods which you have not known, and let us serve them,
deu 13:3 you shall not listen to the words of that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams. for jehovah your god is testing you, to know if you love jehovah your god with all your heart and with all your soul.
deu 13:4 you shall walk after jehovah your god, and you shall fear him. and you shall keep his commandments, and you shall hear his voice, and you shall serve him, and you shall cleave to him.
1ti 6:3 if anyone teaches differently, and does not consent to sound words, those of our lord jesus christ and the doctrine according to godliness,
1ti 6:4 he has been puffed up, understanding nothing, but is sick concerning doubts and arguments, out of which comes envy, strife, evil-speakings, evil suspicions,
1ti 6:5 meddling, of men whose mind has been corrupted and deprived of the truth, supposing gain to be godliness. withdraw from such persons .
gal 1:6 i wonder that you are so quickly being transferred from him having called you by the grace of christ to another gospel,
gal 1:7 which is not another; only there are some troubling you and desiring to pervert the gospel of christ.
gal 1:8 but even if we, or an angel out of heaven, should announce a gospel to you beside what we preached to you, let him be accursed.
gal 1:9 as we have said before, and now i say again, if anyone announces a gospel to you beside what you received, let him be accursed.
gal 1:10 for do i now persuade men or god? or do i seek to please men? for if i yet pleased men, i would not be a slave of christ.
gal 5:19 now the works of the flesh are clearly revealed, which are: adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lustfulness,
gal 5:20 idolatry, sorcery (witchcraft), hatreds, fightings, jealousies, angers, rivalries, divisions, heresies,
gal 5:21 envyings, murders, drunkennesses, wild parties, and things like these; of which i tell you beforehand, as i also said before, that the ones practicing such things will not inherit the kingdom of god.
the best way to identify a false prophet or those calling themselves one of the two witnesses is to look at their fruits.
mat 7:15 but beware of the false prophets who come to you in sheep's clothing, but inside they are plundering wolves.
mat 7:16 from their fruits you shall know them. do they gather grapes from thorns, or figs from thistles?
mat 7:17 so every good tree produces good fruits, but the corrupt tree produces evil fruits.
mat 7:18 a good tree cannot produce evil fruits, nor a corrupt tree produce good fruits.
mat 7:19 every tree not producing good fruit is cut down and is thrown into fire.
mat 7:20 then surely from their fruits you shall know them.
mat 7:21 not everyone who says to me, lord, lord, will enter into the kingdom of heaven, but the ones who do the will of my father in heaven.
mat 7:22 many will say to me in that day, lord, lord, did we not prophesy in your name, and in your name cast out demons, and in your name do many works of power?
mat 7:23 and then i will declare to them, i never knew you; "depart from me, those working lawlessness!" psa. 6:8
1jn 4:1 beloved, do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits, whether they are from god; for many false prophets have gone forth into the world.
1jn 4:2 by this know the spirit of god: every spirit which confesses that jesus christ has come in the flesh is from god.
1jn 4:3 and every spirit which does not confess that jesus christ has come in the flesh is not from god; and this is the antichrist which you heard is coming, and now is already in the world.
isa 5:20 woe to those who call evil good and good evil; who put darkness for light and light for darkness; who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter!
isa 5:21 woe to those wise in their own eyes, and discerning in their own sight!
please do not be fooled!
power will not be given to the two witnesses until the temple has been rebuilt! rev 11:1-14
if a prophet (or ones claiming to be the two witnesses) states a prophesy, and it does not happen.
do not listen to anything else they have to say! they have not been sent from god! do not let fear control you !
god's true two witnesses and prophets will not make errors in prophecy.
psa 118:8 it is better to trust in jehovah than to trust in man
jer 17:5 so says jehovah, cursed is the man who trusts in man, and who makes flesh his arm, and who turns aside his heart from jehovah.
jer 17:7 blessed is the man who trusts in jehovah, and jehovah is his trust.
jer 17:9 the heart is deceitful above all things, and it is incurable; who can know it?
jer 17:10 i, jehovah, search the heart, i try the reins, even to give to each man according to his ways, according to the fruit of his doings.
protect yourself with the whole armor of god
eph 6:10 for the rest, my brothers, be made powerful in the lord and in the might of his strength.
eph 6:11 put on all the armor of god, for you to be able to stand against the wiles of the devil,
eph 6:12 because we are not wrestling against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the world's rulers, of the darkness of this age, against the spiritual powers of evil in the heavenlies.
eph 6:13 because of this, take up all of the armor of god that you may be able to resist in the evil day, and having worked out all things, to stand.
eph 6:14 then stand firm, "having girded your loins about with truth" and having put "on the breastplate of righteousness," isa. 11:5; 59:17
eph 6:15 and having shod the feet with the preparation of the "gospel of peace." isa. 52:7
eph 6:16 above all, taking up the shield of faith, with which you will be able to quench all the darts of the evil one, having been made fiery.
eph 6:17 also, take "the helmet of salvation," and the sword of the spirit which is the word of god; isa. 59:17 lxx-isa. 11:4; mt-isa. 49:2; lxx and mt-hos. 6:5
eph 6:18 through all prayer and petition, praying at every time in the spirit, and watching to this same thing with all perseverance and petition concerning all the saints.
1pe 5:8 be sensible, watch, because your adversary the devil walks about as a roaring lion seeking someone he may devour;
godlessness in the last days
2ti 3:1 but know this, that in the last days grievous times will be upon us .
2ti 3:2 for men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, braggarts, arrogant, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,
2ti 3:3 without natural feeling, unyielding, slanderers, without self-control, savage, haters of good,
2ti 3:4 betrayers, reckless, puffed up, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of god,
2ti 3:5 having a form of godliness, but denying the power of it; even turn away from these.
2ti 4:3 for a time will be when they will not endure sound doctrine, but according to their own lusts, they will heap up to themselves teachers tickling the ear;
2ti 4:4 and they will turn away the ear from the truth and will be turned aside to myths.
walking in the light
1jn 1:5 and this is the message which we have heard from him, and we announce to you: god is light, and no darkness is in him, none!
1jn 1:6 if we say that we have fellowship with him, and we walk in darkness, we lie and are not practicing the truth.
1jn 1:7 but if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship with one another, and the blood of his son jesus christ cleanses us from all sin.
1jn 1:8 if we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.
1jn 1:9 if we confess our sins, he is faithful and righteous that he may forgive us the sins, and may cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
1jn 1:10 if we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us.
1jn 2:1 my little children, i write these things to you so that you do not sin. and if anyone sins, we have an advocate with the father, jesus christ the righteous.
1jn 2:2 and he is the propitiation relating to our sins, and not relating to ours only, but also relating to all the world.
1jn 2:3 and by this we know that we have known him, if we keep his commands.
1jn 2:4 the one saying, i have known him, and not keeping his commands is a liar, and the truth is not in that one.
1jn 2:5 but whoever keeps his word, truly in this one the love of god has been perfected. by this we know that we are in him.
1jn 2:6 the one saying to rest in him ought so to walk himself as that one walked.
the sabbath the forth commandment **
exo 31:12 and jehovah spoke to moses, saying:
exo 31:13 and you speak to the sons of israel, saying, you shall surely keep my sabbaths; for it is a sign between me and you for your generation; to know that i am jehovah your sanctifier.
exo 31:14 and you shall keep the sabbath, for it is holy for you; the profaners of it surely shall be put to death; for everyone doing work in it, that soul shall be cut off from the midst of his people.
exo 31:15 work may be done six days, and on the seventh day is a sabbath of rest, holy to jehovah; everyone doing work on the sabbath day surely shall be put to death.
exo 31:16 and the sons of israel shall observe the sabbath, to do the sabbath for their generations; it is a never ending covenant.
exo 31:17 it is a sign forever between me and the sons of israel; for in six days jehovah made the heavens and the earth, and on the seventh day he rested and was refreshed.
rev 12:17 and the dragon was enraged over the woman, and went away to make war with the rest of her seed, those keeping the commandments of god, and having the testimony of jesus christ.
test the spirits
1jn 4:1 beloved, do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits, whether they are from god; for many false prophets have gone forth into the world.
1jn 4:2 by this know the spirit of god: every spirit which confesses that jesus christ has come in the flesh is from god.
1jn 4:3 and every spirit which does not confess that jesus christ has come in the flesh is not from god; and this is the antichrist which you heard is coming, and now is already in the world.
1jn 4:4 little children, you are of god and have overcome them, because he in you is greater than he in the world.
1jn 4:5 they are of the world; because of this they speak of the world, and the world hears them.
1jn 4:6 we are of god; the one knowing god hears us. whoever is not of god does not hear us. from this we know the spirit of truth and the spirit of error.
pro 28:1 the wicked flee when no man pursues, but the righteous are bold as a lion.

disclaimer: this site.. thetwowittnesses.com has no affiliation with any person or organization proclaiming to be one or both of the two witnesses.

â© 2000 - 2025 thetwowitnesses.com




 

