





y services | garats hay


































fundraisingbranchphoto gallerynewsnewsletterabouty services historygarats hay historygarats hay todaybibliographybeaumanor civiliansvisitorspoppy shopdonate




 



y servicesy servicescalling notice
the 2021 annual general meeting for the the royal british legion “y” services branch will be held at the
greenfields sports & social club, holt drive, loughborough le11 3hz,
saturday 13th november 2021, commencing at 2pm.
all members are welcome to attend. although not required for attendance, please let the branch secretary know if you are planning to attend as this will allow advance planning for the seating required.
please email john swann on yservices.secretary@rbl.community.
all who served or continue to serve in the y service organisation; regardless of single service or civilian affiliation, are strongly encouraged to join the y services (garats hay) branch of the royal british legion.

branch: br3502
to visit the main royal british legion site please click the link below:
the royal british legion
rbl can be a lifeline to the armed forces community

please help us continue to provide our vital services
make a donation today
why not join the branch?
this branch was specifically formed for everyone in our community, no matter where, when or for how long they served. family members are also most welcome to join.
the current cost of membership of the y services (garats hay) branch is £23 a year (£18 for rbl membership plus a £5 branch subscription fee). membership of the royal british legion is, of course, open to anyone who wishes to support the legion’s aims and ethos.
join nowmembership
the branch currently has 442 members.join nowlatest newsvisitors25/01/2023calling notice 202217/10/20222022 resolution booklet30/07/2022reverend canon derek buxton20/03/2022keeping in touch and together 


read the latest branch newsletter
branch newslettersuseful links...nmathe uk's year-round centre of remembrance learn moreeasy fundraisinga simple way to give to the branch by just shopping! learn morerbl y serviceskeep in touch on our facebook group visit




contactthe royal british legion y services (garats hay) branch: br3502copyright © 2022

searchsubmitclearfundraisingaboutbranch newsnewsletterphoto gallerycontactpoppy shopdonatesearchsubmitclear
 

 
 























