home | american securities
englishenglishour firmbackour firminvestment philosophypartneringbackpartneringoverviewstoriescompaniesteambackour teamextended networkcitizenshipbackcitizenshipenvironmental, social & governancediversity, equity & inclusiongiving back  news & mediawe believe in long-term, strategic partnership, built on trust and driven by core values.
honesty.we maintain the highest personal and corporate ethics through honesty and fair dealing.partnership.we are dedicated to a true partnership with our management teams, our colleagues, our investors, and all others who help us achieve our mission.respect.we aim to be respectful in all of our interactions.long term.our focus is always on the long-term best interests of the companies and investors we serve.diversity.we are committed to fostering an inclusive environment that promotes and values diversity.human capital.we seek to continuously build human capital.hard work.our success is grounded in hard work and rigorous analysis.relationships.we enjoy our work and the relationships that come from it.giving back.we hope to make the world a better place by giving back to the communities in which we live and work.mark lovett, david horing, former tekni-plex ceo paul young, and david musicant
we are committed to partnering with existing management teams to drive long-term, collaborative success.
80+percentceo finish ratewe support existing ceos and management teams throughout our partnership, resulting in low leadership turnover.31yearsin private equitysince 1994, we've built a strong track record of value creation for our investors and with our management team partners.79platform investmentsacross our nine funds.michael fisch and scott wolff
here are the stories about how we’ve partnered with others like you.
tal  pizzey1acurenchris chocola1ctb internationalbarbara beck2learning care groupmel hall1specialtycarerich  salerno 2aramsco phil horlock2blue birdscott becker2chromaflo technologiesdavid webster2cpm ruben  mendoza1foundation building materialsjeff cohen2fullbloomdave lenzmeier2milk specialties groupwillson ropp2princemichael  teitelbaum2r-pac internationalbob fontana2the aspen grouprich  fennessy1trace3john clunan2ulterradeb alderson1viapath technologiesjoe chlapaty2advanced drainage systemsjeff clark2anthony internationalkees verhaar1arizona chemicalthomas karam2delphi midstream partnerssteve carley2el pollo locoed gotch2emerald performance materialsjenniffer deckard1fairmount santrolanthony maclaurin1fibermarkrobin perkins2frontierwilliam redmond2general chemicaldoug grimm1gredepaul schwarzbaum1gt technologiesconnie hallquist2healthy directionsfrank ready2henry companynick bhambri1mecsgeorge thanopoulos1metaldyne performance groupbob perrett1miltexkevin rabbitt1nepbob cagnazzi1presidiomel hall1press ganeytom harrison1robertson fuel systemsted clark2royal adhesives and sealantsyvan cote2seastarpaul young1tekni-plexbill kelly1unifrax (2003)john dandolph2unifrax (2011)dewey shay1unisondarrell cole1united distribution groupjim hawkins2weasler engineeringjim hopson2westwardwe are proud to be recognized for the effort and energy we put into creating a distinctive culture and partnership.3456all of the above individuals are current or former executives of american securities portfolio companies. none of these individuals received or will receive any cash or non-cash compensation for providing these statements. no ceo is a current american securities advisory client; however, as noted, certain ceos are currently investors in certain american securities-advised private fund entities. the ceos have potential and actual conflicts of interest as a result of such individuals’ business activities and relationships with american securities. specifically, current ceos work for companies owned and controlled by an american securities fund, and receive their salaries and other economic benefits from those companies. former ceos worked for companies that were owned and controlled by an american securities fund, and formerly received their salaries and other economic benefits from those companies.
1) this individual is currently an investor in one or more american securities-advised private fund entities.
2) this individual is not an investor in any active american securities-advised private fund entities.
to the best of the firm’s knowledge, the year of the application and review process were the same as the year the award was given. please see below for additional information and disclaimers, as well as details regarding nominal compensation related to application fees and usage rights.
3) american securities did not pay fees to apply for growthcap, llc’s (“growthcap”) list of top private equity firms. the firm paid a required fee to accept the award and be recognized by growthcap as a winner on their website. the award was given on august 20, 2024 and was based on the time period of september 2023 - august 2024. this award is the opinion of the party conferring the award and not of american securities.
4) american securities did not pay fees to apply for mergers & acquisition’s best places to work in private equity award. the firm paid a required licensing fee to be able to use the award graphic. the award was given on september 9, 2024 and was based on the time period of september 2023 - september 2024. mergers & acquisitions is published by middle market information llc. this award is the opinion of the party conferring the award and not of american securities.
5) great places to work® is an annual certification provided by great place to work institute, inc. american securities pays a fee to conduct the survey and process the results. the certification badge is valid for 12 months from the finalization of each annual survey. the survey was conducted in may 2024, and the certification was given in june 2024. this award is the opinion of the party conferring the award and not of american securities.
6) 1 of 269 firms recognized. consideration for the inc. 2024 founder-friendly investors list required the submission of an online application which includes references from founders of one or more portfolio companies, and an application fee. the firm paid a required licensing fee to be able to use the award graphic. private equity and venture capital firms that have exited u.s.-based, founder-led, portfolio companies are eligible to apply. portfolio companies can be either public or private. honorees were chosen by inc. based on an internal application review process. the award was given on october 29, 2024 and was based on the time period of october 2019 - october 2024. this award is the opinion of the party conferring the award and not of american securities.
investor log-incontactsitemapterms of usesfdr© 2025 american securities. all rights reserved. a fine site.