




hermosa automotive1















toggle navigation  



home
about
services
team
pricing
portfolio
more
contact



















two convenient locations
hermosa automotive




repairs on all makes and all models
hermosa automotive




more than 20 years in business
hermosa automotive











hermosa automotive
thousands of happy cars - thousands of happy customers











hermosa automotive history
established in 1997




i established hermosa automotive after a vigorous search for the perfect location. pacific coast highway in hermosa beach needed a professional, one-stop repair facility that featured reasonable prices and superior customer service. we started out offering smog inspection and general auto repair.

cars and auto repair have changed over the years. our technicians regularly attend factory-training courses to keep us up-to-date with the newest methods of auto repair. i built the company on the principles of hard work, fast service and the most current methods of auto repair to ensure your vehicle receives the highest level of care.

in 2007 our business expanded to a second location in torrance. hermosa automotive ii enables us to reach a wider geographic area and service customers in a wider variety of neighborhoods. customers can choose the location that’s more convenient and receive the same quality care at either facility.

ronald martin




reliable
for the past 20 years we have been here to serve you six days a week.


experienced
we know cars, all makes and all models.




reasonable
we keep our prices low to keep our customers coming back.


customers care
we pride ourselves on listening and responding to customers needs.
















 










our services

customer service and your satisfaction is our highest priority





repair
you break it. we fix it. it's that simple.




maintenance
the best way to avoid many break-downs is to keep up with your routine maintenance.




hybrids
some shops shy away from new technology. we learned how to fix hybrids before most people had ever seen one.




restoration
we make old cars new again.




foreign and domestic
if the dmv will let you put license plates on it, we can fix it.




smog station
hermosa automotive has a dmv licensed star station, which means we can do smog tests on any vehicle.












72000

repairs






24575

clients






2780

training hours






20

20+ years experience












our team

my name is ronald martin. my career as an auto repair professional has been marked by a desire to continue perfecting my skills and stay one step ahead of automotive trends and technology. every year i attend multiple training courses to ensure i’m up-to-date on the ever-changing world of automotive care.
 

i have more than 25 years of professional experience. my partner robert borrato and i feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to build hermosa automotive into the south bay’s most prestigious diagnostic and repair facility. our two locations in hermosa beach and torrance serve a wide community in the south bay and beyond.
 

i value hard work and focus on customer service. it’s important for customers of hermosa automotive to leave our facilities knowing their cars received expert repairs and they are satisfied with the entire experience.








ron martin
founder, partner





robert borrato
partner





alex gomez
chief technician





carlos romero
technician, smog tech





jose quintanilla
technician





anthony pedrerra
technician





louie gordillo
chief technician














our pricing

we pride ourselves on keeping our prices reasonable.







smog
call for price.



hermosa location
appointments available daily
star station
while you wait
free re-test







chasis lube
call for price.

recommended




up to 5 quarts premium oil
fram or comparable oil filter
check/fill all fluids
front end lubrication
inspection







a/c service
call for price.



full system diagnostic
outlet temperature analysis
system pressure check
system re-charge
full epa and state compliance















james hermosa beach
"i have brought my cars to hermosa automotive since they opened the first location. twenty years, probably six or eight cars and i will keep coming as long as i drive because they always do what they say and stand behind their work."


sandra el segundo
"the only thing i know about cars is how to drive them and maybe put in self-serve gas. the guys at hermosa automotive never make me feel dumb because i don't know what they're talking about. i just leave it there broken and pick it up fixed."


adam torrance
"i had an over-heating problem one time years ago. i brought it to two other shops and they couldn't figure out what the problem was. ron had it fixed that same day. since then, no one else touches my car or my wife's car and that means no one."













awesome portfolio

car collectors trust us with their precious rides.















1964 chevy nova






2005 jeep camanche






1962 vw dune buggy






1964 mercury comet






1963 chevy corvette






2015 smart car






1965 ford mustang






1955 chevy bel aire












more services

while we love classic cars, most of our work comes from owners of modern vehicles.









domestic
we service vehicles from every u. s. car maker including makes and models from brands that are no longer manufactured.








bring us your foreign cars
it doesn't matter where your car was made, germany, england, italy, france, japan, korea or elsewhere, hermosa automotive will make it run like new. bmw and mercedes benz specialists








hybrids and electric
our technicians have all the up-to-date training and certifications on the latest model hybrids and electric cars. while other garages scratch their heads, we keep you on the road.












get in touch










hermosa automotive
501 pacific coast highway, #1,
hermosa beach, ca 90254
hermosa automotive ii
3109 w. 190th street
torrance, ca 90504




consumerrm@earthlink.net




hermosa (310) 372-6081
torrance (310) 324-5602





<
















check us out on facebook
 



501 pacific coast highway
hermosa beach, ca 90254
310.372.6081

3109 w 190th street
torrance, ca 90504
310.324.5602







hasib




copyright© 2018. design by beach cities computers & video






