




100% pro-balinese hotels & villas in bali










index /



hotel areas / directories

kuta, legian &
seminyak
sanur & nusa
lembongan
nusa dua
ubud area
tanjung benoa &
jimbaran
lovina &
pemuteran
amed & other areas
last minute bargains


information pages

area advice & guides
about / contact us
balinese
persecution
code of ethics
join our site
paradise island
lost
support us / bali





100% pro-balinese hotels & villas in bali.
travel ethos only lists hotels and villas in bali which are
100% balinese friendly; we help foreign tourists to support bali 
/ ethical tourism and with it achieve for themselves an authentic 
tropical island paradise vacation to remember.
it is a little known or perhaps callously ignored fact that
the vast majority of resorts, hotels and villas in bali are
actually anti-balinese in one form or another; likely well over
90% of them. for details of what goes on and the unpleasant
modern history of bali, please see our indonesian persecution page.
if you have booked or are considering booking with / into
holiday accommodations not listed here, please ask them if they
conform to the bali ethics
code. if they do not, please consider changing your
reservations to a hotelier or villa owner that does. if they do,
please let us know as we will
list and support the majority of such bali friendly villas /
hotels without any charge to them!
we make no apology for the small number of lodgings listed on
travel ethos, this regrettably is a sign of a greater widespread
problem; the hidden persecution of the balinese. it is ironic
with so many foreign visitors claiming with a passion to love
bali that most of them actually vacation at hotels which do no
more then hire indonesian staff at very low minimum wage
levels.
please, if you operate or know of a hotel or villa in bali not
listed here which meets our ethics code, please take a look at
the join our reservations
site page. conversely, if you see accommodations here which
you believe shouldn't be, let us know!
no matter how you book, via us or with your chosen travel
agent or tour company, we hope you will only book into one of the
hotels or villas featured here. if you like the fact and way we
are trying to change the callous indonesian tourism industry
please help us, see our support us
& bali page.
we believe bali has better and more ethical accommodation 
than even properties in portugal and / or spain,
if you are prepared to look for it. remember you are in indonesia, not 
the mediterranean, and if you research your holiday enough, you
should have a great time while helping the balinese.


 
copyright © 2009+ "travel
ethos"



