






the theory and application on diagrams: an international conference series
































the theory and application on diagrams: an international conference series






homesteering committeenext conferenceprevious conferencesethosmailing listcontact us








home


the international conference on the theory and application of diagrams
diagrams is a biannual, international and interdisciplinary conference series, covering all aspects of research on the theory and application of diagrams.
recent technological advances have enabled the large-scale adoption of diagrams in a diverse range of areas. increasingly sophisticated visual representations are emerging and, to enable effective communication, insight is required into how diagrams are used and when they are appropriate for use. the pervasive, everyday use of diagrams for communicating information and ideas serves to illustrate the importance of providing a sound understanding of the role that diagrams can, and do, play. research in the field of diagrams aims to improve our understanding of the role of diagrams, sketches and other visualisations in communication, computation, cognition, creative thought, and problem solving. these concerns have triggered a surge of interest in the study of diagrams.
the study of diagrammatic communication as a whole must be pursued as an interdisciplinary endeavour. diagrams attracts a large number of researchers from virtually all related fields, placing the conference as a major international event in the area.
diagrams is the only conference that provides a united forum for all areas that are concerned with the study of diagrams: for example, architecture, artificial intelligence, cartography, cognitive science, computer science, education, graphic design, history of science, human-computer interaction, linguistics, logic, mathematics, philosophy, psychology, and software modelling.







the theory and application on diagrams: an international conference series
© 2008-2023 diagrams steering committee.






