




national model railroad association inc. – australasian region







































































skip to content 







national model railroad association inc.

australasian region
 





 
menu 




homeabout nmra

the regioncontact
articlesmembershipgallery

nmra photo galleryphoto gallerymini convention 2022new videosachievement program – motive powerconvention carsaustralian layouts with dcaustralian layouts with dcclayouts with dclayouts with dccnarrow gauge layouts
education





basic skills

module 1 – getting startedmodule 2 – scale and gaugemodule 3 – layout planningmodule 4 – layout framingmodule 5 – track layingmodule 6 – wiringmodule 7 – scenerymodule 8 -maintenancemodule 9 – weatheringmodule 10 – nmra golden spike award 
 


achievement program

achievement program (ap)ap requirementsap forms 
awards

golden spike awardmaster model railroadergolden spikes awarded in the regionap’s awards in the regionmmrs in the region 
 


categories

authorcarscivildispatcherelectricalmaster model railroadermotive powerofficialprototype modelsscenerystructuresvolunteer 
 


contest details

contest informationmodel contest pagephoto contest page 
 
 

linksmemberslog in  








welcome to the australasian region of the national model railroad association. (nmra)
the region covers australia, new zealand and some pacific islands. the purposes of the region are to promote, stimulate, foster, and encourage by all manner and means the art and craft of model railroading and the preservation of the hobby’s history, science, and technology. 
the region accomplishes its purposes through its divisions, publishing the mainline (a bi-monthly magazine), holding conventions and promoting the nmra achievement program. see the division meetings web pages for detailed activities in your state.
loco switching the combine at eureka depot – peter jackson
latest posts
2025 nmra ar convention
phil knife model railway items for sale
wanted: peco code 75 bullhead rail
jmri deep dive
recessing push button switches

nmra ar photo archive
members can share and view photos of each other’s layout, nmra shows and conventions, division meetings, and workbench builds. to have your photos added please email them to the webmaster

photo gallery










2025 nmra ar convention

22-24 august 2025archerfield, brisbane

layout tours and ops sessions 20, 21 and 25th august

more details...



rails@rosehill 2023 - sydney nsw





in this video, we will explore the biennial convention "rails at rosehill" organized by the national model railroad association in the australasian region. this event took place over the september-october long weekend in sydney, new south wales, australia.

mrl helpers emerge from a tunnel. gordon fletcher

meetings and events

no events



show more


3090 approaching halls ck bridge - phil white


 












 



 



 

search nmra-ar site



frequently asked questions

 









nmra

about
membership
member benefits
main line



members

video library
100% clubs
mainline
divisions
shirts and badges
systems of operations
special interest groups



support

contact
feedback



education

achievement program
contest details
categories
the masters
ap forms



articles

clinics
layout hints
a little technical
rolling stock & locos






© 2024 national model railroad association inc.
 

© 2025 national model railroad association inc. • built with generatepress 






















