







sam apple       ~~~      author | journalist













































0








        skip to content
      




















sam apple       ~~~      author | journalist


























open menu
close menu
















open menu
close menu








































sam apple       ~~~      author | journalist

















































the boss baby meets space jam in this hilarious tale of a baby turned basketball superstar from nba all-star jayson tatum, author sam apple, and illustrator parker-nia gordon  when a big kid teaches his little brother how to play basketball for the first time, something unusual happens . . . baby bro flies through the air for a monster dunk! before long, every professional team wants the incredible dunking baby on their roster. baby dunks-a-lot is poised to become a basketball legend—that is, until he misses his bedtime.  inspired by jayson tatum’s life as both an nba superstar and a loving dad, this laugh-out-loud picture book is the story of what happens when a tot becomes an nba teammate.
















    buy now
  















“a fascinating account of an impossibly arrogant scientific genius, his collision with the monster adolph hitler, and the revolutions in cancer research. sam apple, a lively stylist, handles these complex, braided narrative threads with clarity, insight, and a nose for the paradoxical and absurd. the result is a genuine contribution to science writing and a model for how to do contemporary nonfiction.”― phillip lopate, professor of writing, columbia university, editor of the glorious american essay




    buy now
  














author | journalist













sam apple is on the faculty of the ma in science writing and ma in writing programs at johns hopkins.  he is the author of  ravenous, schlepping through the alps, and american parent. his work has appeared in the new york times magazine, the new yorker, the atlantic, wired, the los angeles times, the financial times magazine, espn the magazine, the mit technology review, and mcsweeney's, among many other publications.














published works 













science and technology














interviews














books














humor














for children





















essays














short stories














sports
















 contact: samapple at gmail dot com















