





jeff johnson timber frames - best timber framers : post and beam work 866-524-7585











































 


skip to content








 



 

















 


search for:








welcomeour teamin memorytimber framestimber frame serviceshome designs for saletimber speciestimber frame hybrid homestimber frame carportsgarages, barns, entries, porticos & pavilionswalking or recreational bridgestimber frame raisingstimber frame trussest & g floor and ceilingssolid wood furniturecustom signs & mantelsgallerydirectionscontact 


search for:








welcomeour teamin memorytimber framestimber frame serviceshome designs for saletimber speciestimber frame hybrid homestimber frame carportsgarages, barns, entries, porticos & pavilionswalking or recreational bridgestimber frame raisingstimber frame trussest & g floor and ceilingssolid wood furniturecustom signs & mantelsgallerydirectionscontact




 






loading...









































































home 
jeff johnson timber framesjeff johnson timber frames, inc. is a small, owner-operated timber frame company in the southwestern mountains of north carolina.
we operate with a staff of joiners and designers with 63 combined years experience. we take pride in our craft and the tradition of quality workmanship.
“we put wood together with wood.”
– jeff johnson
we make the extra effort to be sure your timber frame or post and beam structure is constructed with the highest quality joinery. our joints are fully housed including knee braces. housed joinery increases the strength and stability of any timber frame structure.
we also offer various options in wood species for timber frame homes, entry ways, carports and pavilions. for photos and details on our joinery and wood species options for timber frames, please visit our timber frame construction page.
we provide several standard timber frame designs which will suit a great variety of floor plans. if our standard timber frame designs do not work with your home plan, we are able to design a custom timber frame home for you. to view these designs and more details, please visit our timber frame homes page. we also have several home plans that we can convert either completely or in part to timber frames. when a home is only partially timber framed, we call this a hybrid timber frame home. you may view these plans on our home plans page.
gallery


































































































































 




 
 








jeff johnson timber frames, inc.
562 terrell road, franklin, nc 28734
phone: 828-524-7585 or email: sales@jeffjohnsontimberframes.comprivacy statement | copyright & trademark notice.copyright © jeff johnson timberframes, inc. all rights reserved. website by lisa.
 


facebookxpinterest
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


































































































go to top




