










detyens shipyards - ship repair and service - east coast usa - charleston sc

































































home
capabilities
success stories
news
jobs
let’s talk





 


select page


  
 
 










one stop ship repairs



top quality  •  on-time  •  in budget  •  safety focused







one stop ship repairs





top quality  •  on-time  •  in budget  •  safety focused


















 


 

drydockscraneswarehousesmachine shopspower










see capabilities








convenient east coast usa location











our commitment to you






safety is our #1 priority








we will focus 100% on ensuring your satisfaction








we will conduct ourselves professionally at all times








we will get your ship back in service as quickly as possible








your ship will leave on the date we mutually agreed upon








our shipyard is your shipyard - you will see the same familiar faces every time you visit us












trusted by






 


 

subcommitteeosgmarine atlanticbiosjungerhansbay ferries limited

















 
the atlantic vision is about to sail away from the drydock with only 18 days in the dock (as scheduled) and a very fine job has been done… we cannot thank you enough for the professionalism of the yard and also for every worker.
— ian mcdonald, marine atlantic inc








 
we recently conducted and intermediate survey on our barge osg-209. detyens was able to accommodate our vessel on very short notice due to operational changes. the ship repair manager was excellent to work with and coordinated the trades in a timely and efficient manner. we additionally had some work scope expansion which was handled swiftly and efficiently. i was pleased by the quality of the work along with the full cooperation of management and staff.
— matt macdonald, osg ship management, inc.








 
we’ve been coming to detyens since january 1999 and we have never been let down. no matter how difficult the circumstances detyens always comes through. that’s not something you can say about a lot of other ship repairers.
— gerard stevenson, bay ferries limited








 
detyens was fantastic. i have sailed commercially for thirty-eight years, with many shipyards during my career. from the very start, everyone was friendly with competent help every step of the way and got the job done.
— rick verlini, port captain, bermuda institute of ocean sciences (bios)








 
in the last 5 years we had over 15 regular vessels for special survey, dry-docking and special repair service at detyens shipyards. all the time detyens shipyards gave a full service with high quality and perfect workmanship. we never face a problem of delay, all requested jobs where done in time. the quality and performance of detyens shipyards is above the normal standard..
— capt. jens koester, juengerhans maritime service












shipyard news



see all






powered by curator.io



















improve your experience at any shipyard with our free guide



get important tips from the experts at detyens on how to ensure success at any shipyard you choose!




send my free guide







connect with us

apply for job

followfollowfollowfollowfollow





1670 drydock avenuebuilding 236, suite 200north charleston,sc 29405-2121 usa







phone: 843-308-8000fax:  843-308-8059e-mail: drydock@detyens.com









quick links



port engineers guide (pdf)
charleston tides & currents
charleston harbor & approaches
charleston area info



job opportunities
medical center
employee benefits
apprenticeship program
organizational chart
privacy practices
webmail access
it support help desk



 








© copyright 2017-2025 detyens shipyards. all rights reserved.   |  sitemap |  website design by zafari, inc. 



















