


wilder by far




























	               wilder by far
	               
a look at life with the wilder family.  updated most weekends and some vacation days.  you can contact me at movingnorth@gmail.com..



about me

name:  john 
location:  united states 
view my complete profile










we're at a new home!
'39 and the art of time dilation
"you fool! mothers do not get sick; they take care...
"the red green show is kind of like the flu; not e...
"i’ve told them a hundred times: put ‘spinal tap’ ...
“they’re coming to get you rent from you, barbara....
"historically cemeteries were thought to be a have...
"desperate ducks commit desperate acts!" - howard,...
"anyone who would buy a house on the same street a...
"note to self: never vacation on an active volcano...





december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
august 2013
march 2017

other frosty places

 the first seal, a novel
the news-miner
 the mrs. blog
 my myspace page.
 if dogs could speak
 &gaming - fairbanks!
 orthodixie-houston!
 therapy and asian bodyworks
 this nutty life
 the dashingly witty blample sog
 perspicacious.org - fairbanks!
 entramblitures
 alaskan blog - eagle!
 tiffany in pa!
 fashionable chaos-totally frozen
 truck driver blog
 an alaskan abroad-dc!
 adventures in trucking
 jogger mom
 pig sty avenue-uk
 letters from the witch
 mary haley - fairbanks!
 salt~asin
  duck notes - funny!
 up in alaska - juneau!
 tinydeadbunny - a hoot!
 a sense of place - alaska!
 adventures of sockmonkey!
 books of note!
 fleeting contemlations!
 byzantine, texas - texas!
 psalm 130 - minnesota!
 swedish chef dave
  girdwood - city on the move. - alaska!
 juneau through heather's eyes - alaska!
 mayor of fist city - funny! (nsfw)
 life with dogs in the yukon!
 gray ghost - funny! (nsfw)
 the truckin' blog - good stuff!
 the crazy rants of samantha burns - funny!
 build!
 northern economics
 the benjamin papers
 taxi vignettes
 uncle crappy
 mushing mom!
 al's rantings
 raelene's reality
 hell pellet!
 notes from a darkened room (nsfw)
 table for 4 - fairbanks!
 pupsickle - fairbanks!
 shawn kielty photography - great pics!
 fieryblazinghandbasket - alaska!
 three word slogan! 
 bonovox journal! 
 suess's alaskan adventure - fairbanks!
 da blog online v2.0
 tundra medicine dreams - alaska!
 figure it out!
 dear tree house!
 ah cheam, apa macam?(nsfw)
 hey baby! log 
 o wheelie?
 northern girl - alaska! 
 slothblog! 
 enchanted abyss
 any n: random musings of a math geek
 alaska bound!
 motivated-motion!
 waiting in faith
 designed by huh? corp.
terror alert level:
 
 








thursday, march 30, 2017



                      	 
                      	 we're at a new home!
	                       
                          

wilderwealthywise.com

come and visit!

posted by john | 10:00 pm
       |
         4 comments
 




monday, august 19, 2013



                      	 
                      	 '39 and the art of time dilation
	                       
                          


i've written about brian may before.


brian may makes eddie van halen's mom (mum for those whose parents didn't have the guts to travel west) wonder where she went wrong:



1. world class guitarist (check)


2. millionaire (check)


3. ph.d in astrophysics . . . dangit!  eddie, go study.



this song is about einstein, time dilation, and cool.


enjoy.







posted by john | 10:13 pm
       |
         1 comments
 




sunday, may 17, 2009



                      	 
                      	 "you fool! mothers do not get sick; they take care of the sickly!" - dexter, dexter's laboratory


  they look so small, don’t they?  yet they make so much noise.  whodathunkit?if you don’t believe we live in the matrix, then last week was a week to celebrate mother’s day.  if you believe we live in the matrix, it’s considered good etiquette to take your laptop or toaster out for dinner.mother’s day (or is that mothers’ day) is a holiday that appears to be a wasted one – why would we applaud the efforts of someone who toils week in and week out to keep the family fed, covered in clean clothes, and living in an environment where the sink isn’t classified as a biological warfare laboratory?  i think that these so-called “mothers” should suffer in silence, like the fathers of the world.  i mean, is fair that that mother’s’ day is during the school year where the boy can make gifts (laminated books filled with poetry about how much they love mom), lovingly crafted at taxpayer expense at school?   father’s’ day is during summer break, however, and i normally get items otherwise destined for the trash, like a torn, used chewing-gum covered houston astros™ poster and a chewed-through binky for presents.i guess that kills the whole “suffering in silence” theory.  dang.anyway, i really don’t begrudge the mrs. for the cookbook and poetry that the boy worked on in school.  i don’t like to cook.  heck, i’m just surprised that school boards (or school board lawyers) haven’t yet considered “mother’s’ day” an “outmoded view of the socio-economic world wherein children growing up without mothers are marginalized and disenfranchised by the whole celebration of mothers in general, and shall henceforward be replaced by ‘non-sex specific adult quasi-familial authority figure’ day.”  this would be in keeping with christmas winter break, halloween fall festival, and easter american idol© finale.  i’m only half kidding.  heck, i’m afraid i just gave some sort of group headed by some bitter wizened little crank a whole new cause to yell about at the local school board.  if so, i’m sorry for the school board, but not all that sorry.  i’m still mad about the fish sticks every friday for twelve years of my life.  ahem.back to mother’s’ day.  we had a good mother’s’ day at the wilder compound (it’s really only one building, but the guard tower, barbed wire, and electromagnetic detectors tent to make my small-minded neighbors brand it a compound).  i got up and watched the boy and pugsley so the mrs. could sleep in.  when the mrs. finally wandered into the front room, fresh and well rested, she was confronted with a snoring, drooling me splayed out on the couch like bill clinton on prom night.  i’m thinking that the mrs. found the cards and flowers (i was drifting in and out at that point) but i do recall the boy meandering into his room to come back with . . . extra presents for mom.the mrs. looked at me and said, “john, he totally weaseled you.” the boy did weasel me.  pugsley also weaseled me with “i luff you, mommy,” pointing his big blue eyes up at her.  much like jeanine garafalo at a marathon, i was neither cute nor prepared.i drifted back off to sleep.eventually i woke up to the sound of the mower – the mrs. had decided to go out and take care of the near-junglerainforest conditions that were developing outside.  texans can abide by many a thing, but a poorly kept lawn is enough to start a blood feud that can last generations.  it is a little-known fact that the texas war of independence started over general santa ana having a lake house with a poorly kept lawn.  sam houston could not let that stand, especially since he owned the lake house next door.it turns out that i’m the guy whose wife was out mowing on mother’s’ day.  i wonder who agent smith takes out for mother’s’ day?  i’m betting, since he’s software, that he takes an apple™ laptop out for dinner – because if the matrix ran on windows© neo would have so kicked their butt when they blue-screened.

posted by john | 9:10 pm
       |
         31 comments
 




sunday, may 10, 2009



                      	 
                      	 "the red green show is kind of like the flu; not everybody gets it." - red, the red green show


 downtown houston at sunset.  the buildings are tall, but they won’t save you from a plague of frogs.the mrs. made the mistake of exposing the boy to the term “flash flood” during when we were turned back by wet highway patrolmen recently as the highway we were driving on began to resemble a bayou (that’s a local term that replaces “fetid swamp filled with reptiles and pond scum” for the non-southerners in teh intarwebs).  driving in a bayou is not good if you use the standard-issue texas mercedes™ or jaguar©.  a little-known fact is that the state of texas purchases a new mercedes® for each driver as a standard issue car when you get your driver’s license down here.  if you have a good driving record and sufficient plastic surgery to be a twit (trophy wife in training), you get the jaguar™.so, after houston flooded, it was announced that texas officially had developed swine flu.  i don’t know if you’ve heard of swine flu (different that sine flue, where you calculate trig problems all day) but swine flu is perhaps the second horseman of the aporkalypse.  i knew texas had felt a bit warm recently, but i never would have guessed.  sadly, i guess that means i’m not supposed to eat bacon (mmmm, sweet, crunchy baaaaaacon) or ham (mmmmm, salty pink ham).  an aside - ma wilder always wept when i ate ham, because i slathered it in ketchup, which was okay because i would slather anything classified as an “animal” – turkey, fish sticks, sausage –  with ketchup when i ate it.  this must mean that corn is an animal, because it got ketchup, too.  (full disclosure – that’s really still the case – meat is just an excuse to eat more ketchup, and on more than one occasion i ate two pieces of bread with ketchup as the only filling – but enough about college.)since we’re in biblical punishment mode, i’m guessing that a plague of non-muppet™ frogs will be hitting us soon.  when i was ten or so, watching charlton heston tell god that he could have his commandments back from his cold, dead fingers, i always wondered why a plague of frogs was bad.  frankly, i still do.  what do frogs do that is worse than the whole “river of blood” and “curse of baldness on yul brenner”?  i suppose it would be bad if the frogs were zombie frogs, or perhaps if they were just really big frogs that were hurled from the sky at 200 miles per hour  and dented your car chariot, but i think it was just a plague of frogs.i think if hollywood were to redo the ten commandments, it would probably star brad pitt as moses, since, hey, why the hell not?  i think ramses, pharaoh of all egypt would probably be played by alan greenspan, or maybe vin diesel if they wanted to go younger.  i could see them updating it, and pharaoh would be confronted with: instead of rivers of blood, perhaps we could replace that with, oh, nancy pelosi?instead of baldness, why not a mysterious flu?instead of falling frogs, failing megabanks that would cripple the economy?   okay, maybe i got some of those a little wrong, but you get the idea.  then brad pitt would show up in congress and say, “let my texas go!”  they’d say “no” and then he’d turn a briefcase into a child he’d adopted from canada, or some other place without the internet.  then he’d give congress huge wads of campaign cash, and they’d say, “whatever, dude.”then utah (would we really miss it?) would flood and trap the people attempting to flee california, and texas could finally be free.i think this might work out, especially if i have enough ketchup, because i think it might taste good on frog.  and, really, who has ever heard of frog flu?  heck, if you say it – it sounds like a martial art – frog flu.  it’s certainly better than hammageddon.

posted by john | 6:52 pm
       |
         6 comments
 




sunday, may 03, 2009



                      	 
                      	 "i’ve told them a hundred times: put ‘spinal tap’ first and ‘puppet show’ last." - jeanine, this is spinal tap


 sunset from near the house of blues®, houston.  though a pretty picture, this is not a good thing, as we will soon see.this story starts out on (about) march 1, 2009.  i told the mrs., in passing, that tickets for a concert by messieurs guest, mckean, and shearer.  you may not recognize the names, but these gentlemen are better known to most of the world as the fake (and funny) rock band, “spinal tap.”  in this tour, however, they were performing songs as themselves, not acting, just three friends having a good time on stage.the mrs. managed to get tickets for us.  not just any tickets.  front row.  center.honestly, i hadn’t been front row center for a concert since i had elbowed my way forward for a van halen, dio, and (inexplicably) loverboy concert in the way back time of the 1980’s.  oh, sure, that crazy hit “lady of the eighties” was such a catchy tune, but mike reno and the rest of loverboy were a bit out of place between “last in line” and “running with the devil.”  perhaps loverboy needed more satan music to be at home in that group.  i hope that mike reno was wearing a cup, because that tennis ball really looked like it would have hurt.  and, really, who has aim that good?i digress.front row center.  at a concert of some of my comedic idols.  how could i be happier?i set up babysitting immediately after we got the tickets.  finally, it was concert night.  the mrs. and i happily dropped off our little toads, the round mound of sound, pugsley and the (serious) boy.  we drove down to jones hall, where the tickets said the concert was.  we’d been there before going to a concert of an artist the mrs. loves, (tori “screech” amos – okay, she was good in concert, but, dangit, sometimes that woman just screeches like a cat).  it was a nice venue, very artsy, meaning that lines of men peeing in the sink during intermission weren’t likely.we got to jones hall.  we were beginning to turn in to park when the mrs. said, “oh, look at the sign – it says spinal tap® has been moved to the house of blues©.”it had an address underneath, which might as well have been hieroglyphics – neither the mrs. or i know downtown houston.  we got on the cell phone and called alia s. wilder, and she gleefully found directions for us on the interweb, all the while noting that she would have driven down to houston for the concert.  well, who would give us directions then, hmm?we made it to the house of blues, and were directed to the concert site -third floor- and went in.  after sticking my head in the door, i asked the bouncer, “umm, what exactly are those people doing in my seat?”  all the floor seats were full – packed.  not a single open seat.“floor is general admission, if you’ve got the wrist band.”  “i want my seats.  front row.  10 and 11.”“do you want me to go ask those people to move?”“yes.”“that’s not fair, they got here first.”“no, that is fair.  i got in line back in march.”  i didn’t raise my voice – rarely helps with bouncers, and often leads to physical altercations.  he was only twenty years old or so, barely 210 pounds of solid muscle, so i didn’t want to hurt him and his thirty friends.  i continued, “i want to talk to your supervisor.”supervisors, sometimes, can help.this supervisor helpfully pointed out that the balcony, located somewhere just short of low earth orbit, had seats that would have just a super view once the massive projection screen was pulled back.  she also indicated that all the people who had gotten here first had dibs on the front seats.  oh, and that i could get my money back if i didn’t like it.i (theoretically) will get my money back, in 7-10 days.  comedy isn’t funny when you want to rip the pancreas out of, well, anyone at this point, really.  it also didn’t help my mood when i later figured out that at least some of the people sitting in my seats had paid half what i did for my ticket.the mrs. and i were irate on the way home, wherein the mrs. indicated all of the things (one thing) that she would like to do to dan ackroyd’s (who we think owns house of blues™) most tender anatomical unit, namely, pull her fist back and punch it.  hard.  the mrs. also mentioned something about “ghostbusters 2©” when she was hitting her left open palm with her closed right fist.  horrible sound.me?  i was mad at everybody, from messieurs guest, mckean, and shearer to dan ackroyd to the idiot in the car in front of me.“don’t drive mad, honey.”“i’m not driving mad.  i’m just driving like a jerk.  there’s a difference.”  i figured i could spread my joy with the rest of the world.we finally got home, and i had a good head of steam up.  i picked up my laptop and began writing a letter to everybody involved.  what did i want?  an apology.  i sent out an “electronic mail” copy to harry shearer, one of the performers (mr. shearer has done more voices on “the simpsons” than there are photographs of paris hilton on the interwebs).  i didn’t really expect a response. i got this in response from him: “i'm really truly sorry that fans like you, and you actually, had such a crappy experience.”  there was a lot more, and we actually exchanged another e-mail.  my opinion of him?  classy guy.i was impressed that he took the time to write.  the mrs. was certain that it was one of his myriad personal assistants and dog washers, but i felt (and feel) like it was the genuine thing.does that make it better?  sure it does.i just hope that the mrs. doesn’t do a mike reno on dan ackroyd.  i thought ghostbusters 2™ was okay.

posted by john | 6:11 pm
       |
         6 comments
 




sunday, april 26, 2009



                      	 
                      	 “they’re coming to get you rent from you, barbara.” – johnny, night of the living dead


 lookz into ourz eyez.  lookz deeply in2 themz!  we’s own you!!!the mrs. and i have a standing argument.  actually we have about 457 standing arguments, but who’s counting?  anyhow, this particular argument can’t really be solved by google®, though google© does certainly put to rest most of the arguments that we have, such as who played first base for the los angeles dodgers during the 1934 season.  strangely, we couldn’t find any records of that.  (hint:  in 1934, the los angeles dodgers started as a group of drunken athletic nuns in cleveland who eschewed first base on religious reasons, deeming it “a base form of idolatry.”)no, this is an argument that revolves around that great unknowable beast, human nature.  i have long argued that the average accountant, after missing three square meals with no prospect of another in the foreseeable future will take off the wing tips, slip the surly bonds of civilization, shave his head into a mohawk and slip into steel spike-studded-shoulder pads and begin chasing mel gibson because he wanted to gnaw on mel’s spleen.  the mrs. disagrees, and thinks that the average accountant would just be a very hungry (but only slightly less polite) person, still civilized, still able to be polite and share.after hurricane ike, the mrs. claimed that the neighbors banding together and helping each other proved her point.  “nobody even glanced twice at your spleen,” the mrs. said, “but then again, you’re no mel gibson.”this week, i had a little experience that bolsters my point . . .i travel on occasion for work, and when i get to my destination i rent a car.  it’s much easier than walking.  mostly, picking up a rental car is like attracting a politician using dangling wads of cash as bait – easy.  delay in the airline schedule?  sure.  delay in airport security thanks to tsa?  a given.   delay on a rental car?  nope.this particular day, however, a car rental company whose name rhymes with “mational” had my reservation.  as i checked in for my rental, the clerk said there might be a delay.  oh, sure, i expected that delay might mean five minutes of me standing in the airport parking garage while i paced over chewing-gum encrusted concrete. no.i arrived at the lower rental area booth – the one where elite (definition:  not me) travelers whisk through the airport, not even stopping (somehow these elites manage to go to the bathroom without stopping on their way – i have this working theory that if you make enough money you never ever have to poop again), nay, merely pausing while the clerk tosses them their keys on the way to their car.i arrived at a desolate wasteland, a garage meant to be stocked with cars, meant to be filled with people being whisked on their way, even non-elites like me.  now, you might think that from the term “wasteland” that the garage was empty.  no.  there were throngs of zombie-travelers milling about the counter, bumping into each other, groaning, looking for all the world like they expected the cars to spring from the ground like paparazzi when obama’s (note: my spell check does not recognize this name) thong slips a bit at the beach.    this, i guess, is what you get when you rent virtual cars rather than real cars.  finally it got uglier than a hollywood divorce.  one customer shook himself awake.  “listen, miss, i’ve been waiting here an hour.”the (young) clerk made the first mistake that people under stress make – she clammed up.  it did make since, since she was busy ripping apart the furniture in the rental booth to nail across the windows in case the living dead (theoretical) rental customers began to clamor for brains.  or drinking water.  or, heaven forbid, cars.the previously mentioned and now quite belligerent customer began again, “miss, i will summon the evil powers of the ceo – you have no idea who i am . . .”the clerk and the (theoretical) customer began circling each other.  somehow the customer had fashioned his toothbrush into a crude shiv, and the clerk prepared to defend herself with a stapler.  “listen, mister, i don’t know who you are outside,” she gestured at the streams of sunlight pouring in through the parking garage exit with her stapler, “but you’re in my world now.”then a car arrived.  belligerence dropped from the face of the customer as if unexpected doughnuts were available at a corporate meeting.funny, but he got that car.more and more zombies arrived, there were probably about seventeen (theoretical) customers milling about when my car arrived. so, i stand by my statement.  if people get utterly out of sorts when they can’t get a car for an hour, well, we’re about three meals away from kindergarten teachers abandoning their classes and naming themselves “grongar, duke of elm street (1400 block).”i am fearful for my spleen.

posted by john | 7:56 pm
       |
         4 comments
 




sunday, april 19, 2009



                      	 
                      	 "historically cemeteries were thought to be a haven for vampires as are castles and swamps. sadly you don't have any of those."- mulder x-files


 yet another alligator.  doing whatever it is that alligators do, which i think includes swimming, sunning themselves while lazing in limpid pools of murky water, and mutating into gigantic creatures that eat european cars.  which is okay, because european cars are made entirely of sheep intestines.  and kitten  tears.yesterday was fun.  we went off to the houston area boy scout fair.  this event is held annually at reliant© area, which is near where the nfl™’s designated victim team, the houston oilers texans ®, play.  so, instead of going to the bridal fair (who in their right mind would brave the hideous shrieking of a bridal fair – it would be like being forced to stay in a puppy-torture room) or disney© on ice™ (i think this would be interesting if it were walt’s body, but instead i hear it consists of skating puppets).the scout fair is an exemplar of everything that’s right about america.  admission fees?  nah, the scouts have that covered.  we went to a booth where you could (in the boy’s case, poorly) throw darts at balloons.  a boy scout was manning the booth, and offer the boy a strawberry-ish drink.  i think it was strawberry.  the boy didn’t have any.  pugsley did.  since pugsley cannot talk, i can’t say if it did taste like strawberry.  pugsley had two glasses, so it was good, even if it was puréed marmot spleen or some such.  heck, pugsley will drink nearly anything if there’s enough sugar in it, so it might have been marmot spleen. we travelled up and down the aisles – none of the scouting booths were looking for money – these were scouts and scout parents looking to help young scouts learn something.  there were also groups that deal with scouts and scouting values that were there – people from the battleship texas, a company that brought surveying equipment to teach scouts about surveying.  everyone was there to teach scouts.  or help scouts have fun.  or give them puréed marmot spleen to drink.the rain was pouring down, like, well, i can’t think of a marmot spleen analogy here, but you can imagine that i tried.  we decided to go out to eat.  the boy exclaimed, “i don’t want to go out to eat, i already had m’lunch.”the mrs. and i concluded the boy felt that he was about 80.  when we got to the restaurant, i gallantly ran to hold the restaurant door (located conveniently under the awning) open while the mrs. was drenched getting the boy and pugsley out of the car.  thankfully the mrs. didn’t have to wait a second when they arrived at the door of chili’s.  thankfully, the mrs. loves me even when she’s been drenched.that night i introduced the boy to vampire movies, watching a vincent price film called, the last man on earth.  at one point, i looked at the boy and he was covering his ears with his eyes tightly shut.  which is entirely explainable because the doorknob was turning and vincent price’s wife was clearly on the other side even though he just buried her!!!!!!!!!!!!!if only vincent price had been a cub scout.  i think he could have tied her up better before he buried her.

posted by john | 10:56 pm
       |
         3 comments
 








		  			all photos, text ('cepting comments, whose rights are reserved by those making comments) copyright © 2005 john, all rights reserved 
		  		













blogarama

web counter
search popdex:  




top100


uscity.net
directory




