

jennifer kesse - please help find her





















jennifer
                    kesse
                    missing from orlando, fl
                    since january 24, 2006















 













home
pictures
fliers
poi
            photos
 










jenniferkesse.com
find
            us on - 

 





to
                    read the previous 2000+ guest book posts, please click here!








 
                    







please
                                    watch the 3 parts of the 48hours episode
                                    featuring  jennifer kesse
to
                                    watch them please click
                                    here. thank you!











 







 


view
            lawyer psa
            (windows media)
 view
            lawyer psa
            (quicktime)
see
            the may 13 dateline interview from msnbc
links
            to missing persons
            sites / organizations
personal
            safety info
personal
            safety info - spanish edition
fliers



pictures
                    of jennifer
pictures
                    of jennifer's car
jennifer's
                    disappearance
person
                    of interest photos
aerial
                    view of the scene
getting
                    the word out




fl.
            missing persons law -
            jennifer kesse – tiffany sessions missing persons act
 
please
            google“jennifer kesse” for any and all media concerning
            jennifer’s abduction”
 
            




 
                    










 


 

$ reward $
for information leading to jennifer kesse’s whereabouts
kesse family tip line
941-201-4009
www.gofundme.com/help-us-find-jennifer-kesse
december 17th, 2019

january 24,2020 will mark 14 years since jennifer kesse was last seen in or around her home in orlando florida. we love you and miss you jennifer and are working hard to find you.
we, the kesse family, wish to reach out this holiday season to wish all of you who visit jennifer’s social media a safe and joyous holiday. we hope you make many memories. we are incredibly thankful for the support so many of you have given jennifer and this family over the past almost 14 years since jennifer was taken from us. without that continued support we would not be able to continue the fight in trying to find her! we know that it is the public that in most cases solves or helps missing people be found. we’ve seen it time after time again with long term missing persons cases. so we ask for your continued vigilance in helping our efforts to bring jennifer home.
we finished taping a few shows on jennifer’s case and we will share the details of them as they are confirmed with us. we recently finished a special for oxygen channel’s “up and vanished” which will be broadcast the first week of february 2020. we also just finished taping a show with dr. oz in nyc and that is tentatively set to air january 28, 2020. we are grateful for the awareness these shows will bring and others we are currently working on and don’t have dates as yet.
we have now had time to digest most of the files given to us by orlando police department though we are still not through the process of gaining the entire file of jennifer’s. we hope that will be finalized soon and we can move on from this legal matter. it has taken 9 months so far to try and finalize the file transfer in which our agreement allowed for 4, so we are again patient in our efforts to find jennifer. that being said we have been extremely busy on the investigative front. in november we did have the need to ask the orange county sheriff’s office to dive in a lake just outside of orlando based on a vetted tip which came to us 13 years after jennifer was taken. unfortunately the 3 dives conducted yielded no evidence. it is just the start of our active investigation which we are now acting on developments and leads we have been working for about 2 years. the files serve as good reference in the leads we have cultivated and will continue to be utilized as needed working on the investigation we have created
before receiving most of them.
it is important to know that there is no law enforcement agency responsible for looking for jennifer kesse at this moment. so it is us, jennifer’s family, who are the only people responsible for finding jennifer. so we desperately need the public’s help. please utilize any and all social media private messaging to contact our investigative team. it’s easy and safe and we do see everything that comes through. contact a lawyer with your information to get to us or clergy or media directly. your identity does not have to be known, information is key. our tipline directly is 941-201-4009.
we also need help financially for our investigation to move forward in a productive timely manner. please visit www.gofundme.com, under “help us find jennifer kesse” for any size donation you may be able to afford. any and all funds go directly to the investigation.

www.gofundme.com/help-us-find-jennifer-kesse
happy holidays and thank you for caring,
drew, joyce, logan & katie kesse
 

 






 













certain sorrows never
              fade.
              - by brigitte
              “and no matter what anybody says about grief and about time
              healing all wounds, the truth is, there are certain sorrows that
              never fade away until the heart stops beating and the last breath
              is taken” – tiffanie debartolo






















 










 





-the
              search for jennifer kesse –  


it
              has been 10+ years since jennifer’s abduction, we understand that
              many visitors to this website are looking for more information
              about what happened to our daughter, jennifer, from the beginning.
              we are very grateful to the local and national media for all the
              coverage that has been provided for jennifer and to our search
              efforts - they have done a tremendous job. we cannot say enough
              about the support of residents in the orlando/ central florida
              area and the volunteers who have come from all parts of our state
              and country, including tourists visiting the area who have donated
              their time to assist with our search efforts and continue to help
              us keep awareness for jennifer high. jennifer needs to come home
              and for no ones sake more than her own. the heinous crime of
              abduction is something no one should ever experience.

              as means of re-capping jennifer’s abduction - jennifer, was
              reported missing when she failed to show up for work at central
              florida investments, on the morning of tuesday january 24th, 2006
              in orlando fl. after a long weekend in st. croix with her
              boyfriend and other friends (they flew both ways, there was no
              cruise as some people think). for those of us close to jennifer,
              we knew something was wrong immediately. if she was going to be
              late for work or a meeting she would call. in fact jennifer had
              good routines she and her boyfriend (who lives hours away in south
              florida and jennifer in orlando) called each other everyday while
              driving to work in the morning and would speak with each other
              every night before going to bed, having a long distance
              relationship, seeing each other on weekends and holidays. on
              monday, the morning of 1/23/06, jennifer left her boyfriends home
              in south florida and drove directly to work in ocoee fl, not going
              home first but directly to her work as she usually did when she
              stayed the weekend in south florida. on the night of monday
              january 23rd, jennifer left work at approx 6pm, walking out of the
              building, where she worked with her boss and wishing each other a
              good evening and will meet again in the morning. that evening,
              jennifer talked to her father, mother, brother and later with some
              friends and her boyfriend by phone as usual and that was the last
              anyone has seen or heard from jennifer – telephone call to her
              boyfriend at 9:57 pm 1/23/06 – monday night. 

              jennifer and her boyfriend did not talk the morning of tuesday,
              january 24th. her boyfriend called jennifer at work and was told
              she had not arrived yet. when she did not show up for work, her
              employer immediately called us, her family, to see if we knew
              where jennifer was, we tried to reach her at her condo and on her
              cell phone and computer but attempts were unsuccessful. police
              were notified and the journey into jennifer’s personal hell
              began. reaction was quick, within 2 hours of not being at work -
              her disappearance was known and being acted on by family and
              police. upon reaching jennifer’s condominium by mid afternoon,
              we found it normal. everything was clan and in place. she had
              obviously slept in her bed, taken a shower (wet towel and shower)
              and had a couple outfits on the bed she was choosing to wear. her
              tracks seem to cease from when she left her condo for work usually
              around 7:30-7:45am each work day. by 4 pm, family and friends of
              jennifer had fliers made and being distributed within the
              immediate area of her condominium located at mosaic at millenia
              condominiums next to the mall at meillenia, orlando, fl. and
              awareness has not stopped since.

              on thursday 1/26/06 at high noon, police were notified that
              jennifer's car was abandoned in a condominium complex 1.2 miles
              down the same road from where she lived in the huntington on the
              green condominiums at the corner of texas and americana ave in
              orlando, fl.. her car was parked by a suspect (on video) who
              pulled into a visitors parking space waited 32 seconds to exit her
              car and walked away, never looking back. please see the video of
              the suspect on this website. there is a reward of up to $5,000 for
              the identification and/or whereabouts of jennifer. tips may be
              called into the fbi directly @
              1-866-838-1153. there were valuables left in jennifer’s car, so
              police do not feel it was for robbery or carjacking, but for
              jennifer, herself. bloodhounds tracked a scent from where her car
              was found back to her condo complex losing the scent on jennifer’s
              condo property. tips continue to come in for which we are thankful
              for.

              jennifer is a strong, fun loving, career minded, responsible young
              woman. if she was running late to work she would have called which
              is why we all became concerned immediately. at no time had
              jennifer shown signs of discontent with her life, relationships or
              work environment, quite the opposite in fact. 

              please keep jennifer in your thoughts and visit this website for
              updates and pass it on often to all you know – awareness will
              find jennifer. please think about everyone you know - if you
              believe someone you know or suspect someone you may know or might
              be involved, please call crimeline or fbi immediately and share
              that information it may be nothing or it may be the missing piece
              of information that will help bring jennifer home . thank you for
              caring, keeping jennifer in the forefront of your minds and please
              never give up on her, someone knows something.

              joyce & drew & logan kesse





“will
                      you have the power to change things with the power that
                      you have, the power of a million new ideas” -
                      chicago
watch
                      greta's recap of on the record!
http://video.foxnews.com/v/3642478585001/
                      the-mysterious-disappearance-of-jennifer-kesse-part-1/


http://video.foxnews.com/v/3642478584001/
                          the-mysterious-disappearance-of-jennifer-kesse-part-2/



http://video.foxnews.com/v/3642477484001/
                            the-mysterious-disappearance-of-jennifer-kesse-part-3/














“
                      to her own reflection she said, i will be strong”
-author unknown







 
 
 






pictures
                    of jennifer kesse
please
                    enlarge for full size photos

























 









please
                            enlarge these 2 photos, 
                            they're extremely important.













 
if
              this is your first time on jenniferkesse.com, thank you for
              stopping by. since your here, could you do us favor? as soon as
              your finished understanding what the site is about, could you
              please email it to everyone you know. thank you, it's important to
              us, and we'll forever appreciate it.










for
                              an excellent article and 4 minute video with cbs
                              early morning show with howard smith about
                              jennifer kesse's disappearance - click
                              here




everyone
                      asks - what can we do next to help?
here's your
                      answer


tape
                          them to your car windows.

ask
                          everyone you know close to you to put one on their car
                          window also. 

send
                          a couple copies to anyone in your family that doesn't
                          have a printer and lives in central florida

ask
                          them to put them on their cars also.

stop
                          by every truck stop you see and talk to some of the
                          drivers and give them flyers. ask them to drop them
                          off at their next stop.

stop
                          by businesses with fleet vans and ask them to put the
                          flyers in their side windows.

most
                          grocery and department stores use front windows for
                          displays, display these flyers there.

phone
                          booths are rare, but tape flyers on the ones that are
                          there.

if
                          you have family in georgia, alabama, louisiana or
                          south carolina, send them the links and ask them to do
                          the same thing.

remember
                          - the objective is to turn central florida into a
                          moving billboard of jennifer's profile. the more
                          flyers moving through the area, the more eyes we'll
                          have out looking for her.








 
             












 
 
 



 
               www.brochure-design.com











 






copyright
            2006 - 2013 jenniferkesse.com. all rights reserved.







