ï»¿





positive psychology - hope and optimism






be positive
stay positive...there is hope!



home
s
m
i
l
e








be positive - take it as a rule!
posted by admin
 

there is no doubt about it we live in the greatest country in the world. individuals with no discernible advantage over the masses have created wealth for themselves and their families. financial security is not the same as additional income, or a little extra money for shopping or money for a vacation if we're lucky.   a positive mindset creates financial security or wealth creation finances college funds and second homes.most of us have the same choices available. will we succeed in what we want for our lives or will we fail. do not be completely surprised by the fact that people who think positive achieve more in life than their half-empty mentality counterparts.the value of having a positive mindset is apparent when a mere employee transforms into wealthy ceo's and stay at home moms into industry icons, and there are many examples. if you have a positive mindset and you will attract positive thoughts and positive people. think positive and you will not have negative thoughts or time to dwell on negative circumstances.losers are people who have not lived up to there potential as they possess a trait winners do not, negative thinking. how can one succeed if they continuously make negative statements about themselves and their prospects for the future?people who have a positive mindset achieve positive results in their lives. negative people say:o    i just don't have timeo    i don't have any money to investo    my family wouldn't like ito    contact me early next yearo    sounds as if there is a risk involvedo    i'll think about itwhen a positive thinking person looks for a way, they find a way. there is no reward or riches without an jasminlive investment. a positive person will always find time to improve his or her life.we each of us has the power to walk a path that would be considered a positive mindset or live in an environment that breeds negativity.we decide everyday which path to take, the path that will lead me to the things i want and desire or the path that takes me to the pity party. no one has a charmed life where everything goes right, no one lives the perfect life, and we all are faced with challenges and obstacles. a positive mindset helps us navigate the negative thoughts, circumstances and negative people that cross our paths daily.we have the power to greet the world with enthusiastic energy or feelings of dread of defeat. a positive mindset helps you to enjoy life and every possibility, negativity affords us an excuse for failure, reasons why we fail to achieve.attitude is the difference between operating your life with a positive mindset or living with a passive or even dull demeanor. a person with a positive mindset feels that they have control of their future success. negative thinking people feel that other people are in control of their future.build a positive mindset start today:o    where ever you are look for positive people to mingle with or befriendo    everyday look for an interesting ideao    read motivational material and look for a concept that you feel is positiveo    talk to people about the positive value you learned that dayo    ask every person you have a conversation with a questiono    make a list of goals and objectiveso    you are as you thinkone of the most effective ways to create a positive mindset is through the practice of positive affirmations. many books have written about positive affirmations by many successful authors. a tremendous variety of books, audio products and classes that focus on developing a positive mindset are widely available.here are some methods that may help you develop a more positive mindset.o    some experts advise writing or typing out their affirmations up to 25 times per dayo    a response column next to each affirmation my help get rid of any lingering negative thoughtso    write in the first person (i will create wealth)o    i have created wealtho    she has created wealthpositive affirmations can produce results for an individual or a couple. some experts suggest stating your positive affirmations in front of a mirror.



don't let the problems overwhelm you
posted by admin
 

many people who experience struggle and challenges think it's impossible to be positive because life can be tough. however there are ways even during the most difficult of times. like many things in life, learning how to be positive throughout it all is a skill that needs to be developed. being positive is simply a way of thinking and a mind-set. regardless of your current state of mind, you can alter it to one of positivity.your mind is incredible powerful and influential. it is our thoughts that determine our quality of life. we get what we expect on https://www.chaturbaterooms.com, whether we want it or not. so if you expect the worst all of the time, you won't be disappointed. as my father would say, "it works for you by not working," which makes perfect sense when you realize the power your thoughts hold.when your thinking is positive you can change your life accordingly. the concept of changing your life is as simple as changing your mind. replace negative thoughts with positive ones, like thoughts of lack for appreciation and misery with happiness. while there may be external factors that happen beyond your control, your perception of them will affect how you handle and overcome it.follow these tips for how to be & stay positive:focus on the big picture - determine what you want to do with your life. think about what you want to be and what you want to achieve. make a plan to accomplish those goals then take action. regardless of how big or small your next step is, keep moving and focus on your overall goal. when you're focused on something greater, difficulties that come up seem minute in the grand scheme of things.realize that you deserve it - don't limit yourself, in life you can have whatever you'd like. why can't you have it all? you deserve it. understand that it is possible, instead of convincing yourself that it's not. examine your self-talk, what you tell yourself. if you are your own worst enemy use affirmations to alter your subconscious and be more positive.shift your perspective - due to the influence of the society that we live in, our minds become conditioned to focus on the negative and fault find. but we do have a choice when it comes to our viewpoint and place attention on the positive. avoid comparing yourself to others instead allow them to inspire you. even someone who embodies a trait you dislike can inspire you to work against it. stop criticizing others and situations instead look for the good and express gratitude.attitude of gratitude - even when everything seems to be falling apart there is still something to be appreciative of. it's helpful to jot down the things you are grateful for. they can be big or small things, like the traffic light turning green as you pulled up, on your way to work. relive the pleasure as you review these items. this will help you be positive.learn the lesson - there is something to be learned from every situation, especially the disastrous ones. accept that things happen for a reason, although you may not know why just yet, consider it a learning experience. look for the silver lining and appreciate your newfound level of knowledge as it will help you from getting caught in the same trap again. some lessons will come at a higher expense than others however the cost knowing how to approach or prevent it in the future is priceless.adjust gradually - many people mistakenly believe that in order to be positive they need to be bubbly all of the time. keeping up a cheerful facade isn't being positive at all but merely acting. put conscious effort into feeling good and being positive, soon you will then with gradual progress it will come naturally. understand that as it will take some time to implement these tips it will also take time for your life to change. so don't think that it doesn't work because it does happen, just not overnight, there is a lag in the physical aspect.get inspired! - continue to read helpful and inspirational articles and join a positive community. reading jasmine live articles and watching these kinds of videos will fuel your motivation and help you reach your goals. consider joining a community of like-minded individuals. by interacting with others on the same journey you'll realize that there are ways to triumph over rough patches and get back to status quo and beyond. leading edge advocate can provide you with the support and informational resources to carry on and regain focus.relax & enjoy - sometimes we just need a break. this doesn't mean we lose focus, just a brief intermission to enjoy life. relax every once in a while, go have some fun, catch a movie or play some games. taking things too serious for too long can become tedious and discouraging. enjoying life revives you and provides a new appreciation and motivation for life.now that you know the basics of how to be positive, become that person. your new, positive life awaits you!



these may help!
posted by admin
 

positive thinking is where it's at, these days! no-one wants to be a 'negative nancy', do they, no matter how tempting those negative juices taste to us sometimes.fact of the matter is, whatever good or bad things happen in your life - and good and bad things will happen in your life, believe me, it's the 'law' - life is better when you're in a positive frame of mind.you know this, and so do i. but lest we both forget, on occasion, i've written this article about positivity to help encourage you and me both to be positive. and i've got the finest positive thinking quotes i could find to help me make my points.and my positive points are...positive thinking quote #1:"just for today, no matter where i am going, or what i am doing, or who i am doing it with, it is my intention to focus on the positive."-- lucy macdonaldhmm, i like how lucy m is thinking here. imagine it's monday morning, and instead of 'monday morning blues' you decide to follow lucy's lead and see just how interesting this first day of the week can be.or imagine something 'bad' happens to you, as usual, but instead of exploring the reasons why etc., you wonder what good things are going to happen because of it.or imagine having an intention to be positive, whatever comes your way. just how fabulous will those good bits feel, and how much less awful will those bad bits taste.(i will say this, though, about doom and gloom drama, about the world of 'negative nigel' - it can be addictive. so you might want to make sure you haven't got addicted to negativity, which requires quite a bit of honest soul-searching. just thought i'd mention that...)inspirational positivity quote #2:"aerodynamically, the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know it so it goes on flying anyway."-- mary kay ashthe words "i can't" are very powerful words indeed. so powerful that they can shape the world we live in, so much so that we don't even realise the shape can be anything other than it is.but it can. and is. just as soon as we say the magic words, "i can"."i can", "i can"... i can. (i can succeed in my relationships; i can create a popular and helpful self-help site; i can help myself by helping others... i can do all of these things and more, but it all starts with the phrase, "i can".)and i know you can, too. i know you can say the words, "i can" and start to believe in your own power and your own potential.of course being able to do things, doesn't mean things come easy - oh no! being able to do things, means learning how to do them first and then it means doing them without the need of comparing yourself to others."i can" is not about being the greatest bumblebee that ever buzzed around the meadow. nope. it means creating your own reality, and going on to fly anyway.try it out, now, whilst no-one's looking. "i can". it feels good, eh!...positive attitude quote #3:"focus on your potential instead of your limitations."-- alan loy mcginnisexactly right, alan. being able to fly is so much more important than whether you are the best. as is focussing on what you can do, rather than what (you think) you can't.and this part of the positivity process will not be easy. for over the years you have subjected yourself to the "you can't" opinions of others, because the "i can't" disease is highly contagious. so not only do people tell themselves "i can't" they tell others this non-truth too - it's so much better when everyone "can't", it seems.but it's not true: "i can", "you can" and "we can". and it all starts with focussing your attention on your skills and abilities, and how they can develop and grow. simple as that.--positive thinking is a natural, feel-good activity. it doesn't come with the 'tasty' fast-food highs of negativity, granted, but regular exercising of your positive attitude will lead to you living a happier and more fulfilled life it really will.and i speak as a reformed negative thinker of the highest order (almost). i know the benefits of positive thinking, and i know the temptations that negativity has to offer too.positivity is your natural state of being, your way of letting love shine through - positive thinking feels good, which should be enough of a reason to be positive, don't you think?


 













 




you gotta be positive!
which group of people do you belong to? is the glass half empty or half full for you? do you wake up in the morning looking forward to the new day or do you start the day from imagining all the possible disaster scenarios? is the personal attitude something we are born with or can it be consciously trained? i often hear this question from my clients. sometimes i even hear that i was "simply born with the sunny disposition and they weren't, and that's that"!i agree, the personality (and the genetic make-up) of each one of us are bound to have an impact on our disposition. our upbringing, especially in the early childhood until perhaps the age of 6 or 7 will also have an impact on our general life attitude and on our disposition. however, having said all that i am still convinced that it is possible to influence our life attitude, providing that one really wants to.the most important rule when doing so is to remember that "where ever we focus our attention, this will get larger or stronger!"it's the classic proverbial self-fulfilling prophecy: if i wake up in the morning thinking about all the things that i don't want to happen today, they will happen! if i start thinking about the problems in the office as soon as i wake up, i am bound to get there already stressed out. if i constantly think about the things that i can't afford, i am going to feel even poorer. if i see only my problem zones in the mirror, they most likely become more problematic.so how can you learn to see the glass as half full? here are a few examples (of how to "always look on the bright side of life"):when it rains, don't get upset about the rain but appreciate the fact that you won't have to water the garden! alternatively, think how the humidity will hydrate your skin making you look younger.
when you wake up, think about at least three things to look forward to. it can be the first cup of coffee, a warm shower or somebody that you are looking forward to meeting this day. it can be simply the sunny day or the extra three minutes in bed that you truly and consciously enjoy. see this as a gift to yourself and appreciate it. this way you will start the day on a positive note.life always has two sides, the positive and the negative, like ying and yang. it is always up to you to decide where your focus will turn: to the positive or the negative. this is a matter of practice and can be definitely trained!


positive thinking
our mind is powerful and so are our thoughts. the more we think about one thing, the more we are drawn to put it into action - that is why we need to be careful with our thoughts and we should get rid of negative thoughts to learn how to be positive in life.being positive brings wonderful results in your life. it will bring you peace within yourself, it will allow you to be a desirable person towards others and build wonderful relationships, and maintaining a positive energy around you will help a lot in living a good and life of abundance.learning how to be positive in life can be a little difficult for some especially if troubles and frustrations are looming but you can gradually start with it so that little by little, you will be able to conquer and take command of your life and stay positive. here are some things you can start with.- learn positive affirmations. learn positive thinking exercises that will focus yourself into the positives in life.- believe in yourself. eliminate self-doubt and build confidence that you can achieve what you are aiming for.- think positive. speak positive. feel positive. be optimistic and think about the positive side of things. if you are feeling low, think about something that is happy or create a happy picture in your mind. be conscious also of the words that come out of your mouth. avoid negative words as much as possible. get away from negative feelings as well. try to remain focused on being positive.- visualize. this will give you the motivation to get what you want or overcome whatever it is that is troubling you. think about the things you want and the life you want to live. think that you are there and feel the emotions that you would feel if you have reached your goals. being able to picture out what you want to accomplish will give you the positive drive to work towards your goals.- take action on your goals. of course, if you want something done, you have to put an effort to achieve it. your dreams and aspirations will never be realized by just thinking about it. make a plan on how you will achieve it. start from small and manageable tasks and seize opportunities that may come your way.- help others. volunteer your time or your abilities. the more you share and help those who need it, the more you will feel positive in yourself. try helping out or volunteering in a charity if you have difficulties in life and you will feel a surge of positive feeling afterwards.- be with positive people. stay away from those who draw you to negative thoughts and discouragements. one simple way to learn how to be positive in life is to surround yourself with positive people.- be thankful. even if there are troubles in your way, you can always find things that you will be grateful for. many things in life are valued only if we lost them or we badly needed them, so take time to appreciate and be thankful for them. don't look at your life through the troubles you have met. instead, look at it through the things that worked well, through your successes in life and the positive things that happened to you. always outweigh the negative thoughts with the good ones.learning how to be positive in life is indeed one way to make better relationships, good health, success and a happier life. so take time to cultivate positive thinking.


...and they will envy you
a positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.~herm albrightthis quote makes me laugh because i am one of those people who gets annoyed with people who have perpetual positive attitudes. maybe that's because i wish i was one of those people with perpetual positive attitudes and i fall short constantly. i mean short as in grouch-short.our family has thrived for many generations on negativity and whining. it's all we heard. i didn't realize it until i was away from the family and went back and listened to my grandmother, my mother and then myself. yikes, no wonder people didn't like being around us.it didn't take my brother that kind of culture shock to wake him up. he used to be just like me. in fact in college at his fraternity he was known as mr. sunshine because he so was not. that was his wake-up call. he told me later that he didn't want to be mr. sunshine any more so he just changed his attitude.i asked him how. he said he just did it, like the nike ad. that was no help to me at all and so i still struggle with having a positive attitude daily. some days the positive wins and others, well you know, everything goes wrong and i turn into the grouch.




 






fight against depression
when we read about effective treatments for a common psychological and medical condition like depression, we are always tempted to expect reviews and discussions of different prescription medications.  antidepressants and other depression related drugs are currently among the most prescribed drugs.  this implies that despite the increasing affluence, comfort and better living standards seen today in the developed world, many people are still not happy with their lives.  moreover, considering the fact that the increasing reliance on medication and other medical procedures have not reduced the prevalence of chronic depression in the population; it is safe to assert that there are better and more effective ways of treating depression.  this article intends to look at one of such effective treatment for depression.for a better appreciation of the depression treatment that will be discussed in this article, it is important to look at the causes of depression in most people.  most people erroneously believe that depression is mainly caused by a fault with the nervous system, a traumatic or sad event that happens in one's life.  though some cases of depression result from chemical imbalances in the body or problems with the nervous and coordination system of the body; in most cases, this belief is not correct.



it is extraordinary to note that depression, in most people, is as a result of conflict between the conscious and unconscious mind.  the past events and experiences of our lives, which are presumed forgotten, are usually stored in the unconscious mind.  when memories from this part of the mind begin to take over an individual's consciousness, it creates a kind of fog over the mind, causing the confusion and anxiety that characterizes depression.  psychologists have come to realize that the unconscious mind have a great impact on an individual's quality of life.  this is one of the reasons why depression is a very difficult condition to diagnose.  it does not present with physical signs or symptoms because the condition does not affect the physical body.from the above, it is only reasonable to suggest that the best and most effective treatment for depression should begin with the mind.  within every person suffering from depression, is the ability and resources effectively to treat the condition.  unfortunately, the medical and pharmaceutical have taught us otherwise.



for a start, creating a positive attitude is the most effective prevention and treatment for depression.  a sense of humor, optimism and a positive attitude can break through the worst cases of depression.  humor releases substances into the blood that relax the body and mind.  whereas a positive and optimistic attitude creates a clear mind devoid of unnecessary worries and anxieties.  this makes it easy to differentiate between the present and what is being imported from the past.it is also important to take note of every thought that crosses the mind.  this requires a bit of mental and conscious effort, especially at the outset.  however, it will be worth the stress.  taking stock of every thought that comes to mind enables you to thrash out necessary mental assignments and discard irrelevant thoughts instead of allowing them to clog the mind, causing anxiety, unnecessary worry and then depression.of course, there are cases of depression that results from chemical or hormonal imbalance in the body; there are also cases of chronic depression that no amount of positive attitude can cure.  notwithstanding that, the mind is still the most effective treatment for depression.  creating a positive and optimistic attitude, learning to free the mind of unnecessary and irrelevant thoughts, living for the moment, without worrying about today or yesterday, regular exercise and a healthy diet constitute the most effective depression treatment you can find anywhere.




copyright (c) tacitus.org - all rights reserved.




