








sawyer county historical society - preserve, advance and disseminate






















































skip to content


sawyer county historical society









 






sawyer county historical society 



preserving the heritage of sawyer county, wisconsin 













menu

 


exhibits
local history
tours & schools
information
news
donate
board
contact
galleries
links
home






















 







 









welcome to sawyer county historical society... step back in time 







the business and purpose of the sawyer county historical society is to preserve, advance and disseminate knowledge of the history of the sawyer county area and to collect materials and artifacts relating to the history of the sawyer county, wisconsin, area.in order to do that, donations of pictures and artifacts are always welcome. pictures can be scanned and your original document returned. call the museum at (715) 634-8053 to see if your items are needed and to make arrangements for their donation to the museum.visit the sawyer county historical museum year round. we’re located east on highway b in hayward, wisconsin.click here for directions. our museum is open from noon until 4 p.m., thursdays, fridays and saturdays, june 1 through august 31, and also by appointment.  winter hours are in effect from september 1 through may 31, thursdays only from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. the museum is handicap accessible. 







 
sawyer county historical museum





admission to the museum is free, but donations are gladly accepted.to make a donation, send a check to the sawyer county historical society, p.o. box 384, hayward, wi 54843, or donate online, or make a donation when you visit the museum. 






 













museum directions  
the sawyer county historical museum is located on highway b in hayward, wisconsin. the museum is open year round with hours that vary seasonally. for directions, please click here.

 

museum exhibits  
the sawyer county historical museum contains numerous exhibits spanning the history of sawyer county and the hayward area. from ojibwe culture to military service, there's something on display for those of all ages. for more information about exhibits, please click here.
 

contact sawyer county historical society & museum
p.o. box 384
county highway b
hayward, wisconsin 54843
(715) 634-8053
 

 on this day in history1983: us troops invade grenada1964: president kaunda takes power in zambia1984: europe grants emergency aid for ethiopia1976: queen opens national theatre in london2001: crime rates lowest for 20 years 





				copyright sawyer county historical society 2025 ©			









































