

welcome to jean-michel garnier serious web site




















jean-michel.jar 











welcome to my serious web 
        site for j2ee developers ! you'll find some simple articles about java
        and some open-source components. i am an european software engineer who
        lives in barcelona.  jean-michel
      
articles
web development articles:

mvc
            model 2 and struts 1.1, struts 
          controller and mvc model 2 described by uml diagrams. this article
            is  an introduction to the struts framework. you can trust my diagrams,
            they have been published in the new book of ted husted, struts in action.
3 tiers architecture example. 
            this article  will explain how to implement j2ee design patterns
              and use the latest open-source technologies (picocontainer / tapestry
            / hibernate) through an example (will be published soon ...)

java articles:

graphs, how to implement a graph api 
          in java ? the famous dijkstra's algorithm is also detailed.
junit getting started from a complete example. i have also created a junit 
        html presentation(press space to go to next page).
bookshelf, a list of books i would recommand to  read if you want to be on the edge of
          the java open-source world ...

components :

dhtml
            treeview component, 
          i have developed a treeview component - cross browser compatible (netscape,
             mozilla and internet explorer) - which uses xml as data source. new! korean translation.

 
merci!
when i started this "site" in march 2002, i did not expect to receive so many "thank you" e-mails from all over the world ...thanks to internet, we all live in "peace"
        in a global village! so, i have
        added
        this
        section
        to
         thank  the people who have read my articles and have
        found
        them
      useful (looping the loop!).
      
      just writing to thank you for the uml examples on your web sites
            of struts - it has saved me a lot of time having these available,
            esp. when explaining the structure of the struts controller to it
            managers. 21/07/2004.
      jason halla (us)
professional java architect / developer
      moderator, devshed.com java, php, xml forums
 i work
        for a software company here in santiago, chile. i was
        looking at your site http://rollerjm.free.fr where you        publish a set of quite clear diagrams that shows how
        struts framework works. congratulations for quite good
      job.
antonio (chile)
i like your solution of the treeview! i was sure some nice soul out there already
        had this idea and was kind to share the implementation! thanks. -- mats
      

thanks for the xtreeview component.
          excellent! anthony (south africa)
i have recently translated your xtreeview document into korean 
        language. you can find it at the url http://www.javaclue.org/pub/js/treeviewhan/
          -- han (korea)
hi, your struts uml doc was helpful. you're good. did you find a job? -- marcus (usa)
i'm really amazed about the professional work u have          done so far (sic) -- moazzam (pakistan)
your article and your struts uml diagrams are very nice,
          thank you for publishing it. -- hans-joachim (germany)




 

 





 


 




