
















araba ifayemi elebuibon







































































araba ifayemi elebuibon

























pages



home


about araba


photos of araba


books


videos


omoosorun guest house


making of archbishop










































































sunday, february 21, 2016








araba is speaking at the port of spain's city hall






araba is speaking at the port of spain's city hall














araba doing lecture on october 8 on obatala


join araba elebuibon on tuesday, october 13 at 4pm at the port of spain's city hall (knox street)






posted by



officeofaraba




at

6:44 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















traditional religions thriving in t&t






traditional religions thriving in t&t*


visiting ifa priest...

published on oct 10, 2015, 9:02 pm ast
by verdel bishop

rich culture’: the araba of osogbo, chief ifayemi elebuibon. —photo: verdel bishop




the
 araba of osogbo, chief ifayemi elebuibon, is in trinidad as part of 
celebrations to mark the first national isese festival (a celebration of
 this country’s african spiritual traditions). chief elebuibon, a 
renowned traditionalist and foremost ifa priest in nigeria said ifa and 
orisha (traditional religion derived from west africa) spirituality in 
trinidad is very rich.  he has called for more tolerance and understanding of traditional religions like orisha to prevent its deterioration. 


following on the heels of
 a successful isese festival at the centre of excellence, yesterday, 
chief elebuibon will participate in the annual ogun festival at ile 
isokan, niles trace, febeau village, san juan. chief elebuibon will also
 be the feature speaker at a lecture on the creation story of the yoruba
 people which will be held at city hall, knox street in port of spain, 
on tuesday october 13 at 4 p.m.











posted by



officeofaraba




at

6:43 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















araba's visit to trinidad and tobago






araba's visit to trinidad and tobago











araba visits ile egbe yemoja iba ase olakun in laventille on october 1, 2015



araba
 ifayemi elebuibon, the araba of osogbo land, pay a visit to mother vera
 head of the shrine of orunmila, sangre grande. october 2, 2015







araba attends tea party and fashion show in aid of cancer survivor hosted by erule egungun ati orisa on october 3, 2015



araba elebuibon visit to ile ekp sango/osun mil'osa little oyo and iretegbe temple on october 5, 2015




blessings flow as the araba of osogbo land return to ile eko sango/osun mil'osa - iesom/little oyo & irentegbe temple for an obatala bembe and lecture on october 8, 2015






a visit to the south of trinidad,by araba ifayemi elebuibon, the araba of osogbo to iya dolores dennie of the yemoja shrine, point fortin october 10, 2015





october 13, 2015 araba had a visit with the mayor of port of spain, mayor raymon tim kee.







october 13, 2015 araba visited yoruba village in port of spain




















abiadna ile ogun (the fire house) belmont, port of spain bid farewell to the araba of osogbo land october 14, 2015







posted by



officeofaraba




at

6:43 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















why trinidad and tobago citizens value yoruba culture.








araba at piarco international airport in the international vip lounge 
on the day of his arrival to trinidad and tobago. (artwork by leroy clarke)



why trinidad and tobago citizens value yoruba culture — elebuibon


november 19, 2015

written by: tunde busari 
originally posted at:tribuneonlineeng.com
the
 renowned ifa priest and araba of osogbo, chief ifayemi elebuibon has 
revealed why the citizens of trinidad and tobago appreciate yoruba 
culture and struggle to propagate it.

recalling
 his experience during his recent journey to the west indian country, 
chief elebuibon said what he saw in the people delighted him and also 
gave him hope that yoruba culture would survive the current threat. 
in
 september, the araba, on invitation, traveled to trinidad and tobago 
just after he had rounded off his annual ogbeyonu festival held in 
osogbo, his hometown. 
he
 was in the country to attend the isese festival where he delivered 
lecture and also mentored some yoruba culture enthusiasts.  


araba at the home of the host while he is in trinidad and tobago, artist leroy clarke.


elebuibon
 spoke on two topics, role of ancestor in affairs of mankind and 
messengers of orisas. his audience was enthralled so much that they 
urged him to always honor them at the festival.

“i
 was equally impressed by their appreciation of our culture. at every 
compound, we were welcomed with drums and dance. they said they had been
 anxious to see me. it is another experience, which is unique in its own
 way. 
“although
 the country is not that rich, in terms of economy, the people are very 
warm and promoting their faith. before i left, they had started making 
effort to impress it upon the government to set aside a day as isese 
day. they are also working on their unity to achieve the goal. i told 
them that doing so is the only way to convince the incumbent government 
which seems to be indifferent to their demand,” he said. 
the
 soft-speaking priest who was scheduled to travel to london and brazil 
after the ogbeyonu festival said that the trinidad and tobago invitation
 was considered satisfactory to the organizers of the isese day. 


araba at the trinidad and tobago film festival


according
 to him, the journey was worth its while as he was also taken to a place
 named yoruba village, a settlement that depicts yoruba cultural 
heritage and historical materials, especially the slave trade that 
separated the forefathers of elebuibon’s hosts from their root in 
nigeria.  
the visit ended with his visit to other important places in the north and southern part of the country. 
“they
 took me to the mayor who also appreciated my visit. it is an 
eye-opening trip and the reason we must not stop to tell our people back
 home that our culture should not be toyed with because there are so 
many out there who are trying their best to identify with it,” he said. 
the
 araba is not only an ifa priest, he is also a theatre practitioner and 
in fact, former vice-president of the association of nigerian theatre 
practitioners (antp) during the tenure of adebayo salami, otherwise 
known as oga bello. 
also,
 he is an author of books such as poetry voice of ifa; apetebii: the 
wife of orunmila; adventures of obatala 1 & 2;the healing powers of 
sacrifice; ifa, the custodian of destiny; the invisible powers of the 
metaphysical world: a peep into the world of witches; iyere ifa (tonal 
poetry, the voice of ifa): an exposition of yoruba divination chants; 
irinajo eda; ogota ewi ogota ajodun orikadun, new series of works; soul 
journeys of a priest in the wonderland; water spirit of yorubaland; 
healing power of the prayer and iku, the fearful spirit.





posted by



officeofaraba




at

6:43 pm



3 comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















egungun: dweller of heaven













egúngún, dweller of heaven



egúngún is regarded as collective spirits of the ancestors who occupy a space in heaven hence they are called ará òrun (dweller
 of heaven). these ancestral spirits are believed to be in constant 
watch over their survivors on earth. they bless, protect, warn and 
punish their earthly relatives depending on how their relatives neglect 
or remember them.




egungun doorogbo


the
 ancestral spirits have collective function that cuts across lineage and
 family loyalty; they collectively protect the community against evils 
spirits, epidemics, famine, negative witchcraft and evildoers. 
generally, they ensure the well being, prosperity and productivity of 
the whole community. the spirits could be invoked collectively and 
individuals in times of need.



their place of calling is usually either on the graves of the ancestors (ojú oórì) otherwise known as ojú eégún in some other parts of nigeria, the family shrine (ilé run) or in the community grove (ìgbàlè or igbó eégún),
 in essence the yoruba keep in constant communion with their ancestors 
whose spirits are believed to be closer to them than òrìsà.



the
 ancestral spirits may also be invited to visit the earth physically in 
masques and such masquerades and they are also being referred to as 
egúngún. there are several categories of egungun (masquerades) in 
yorubaland. in the past, some egungun led their community in war, this 
type of egungun are capable of exposing and executing wicked witches and
 other evil doers in the society.

the herbalists have their own egúngún, they are calledeégún olóògùn in order to demonstrate their magical powers, the guild of hunters also have their own called láyèwùaka egúngún odę (hunter’s egúngún).



some principal orisa also have egungun e.g. egúnguún oya (oya’s masquerade), eégún egbé (peers of heaven’s egungun), we also have egúngún olóré for the youths, egúngún alárìnjó,
 they are entertainers, this egungun dance, sings and sometimes display 
acrobatics skills, they also act dramas to amuse their audience, they 
sing ancestral lineage oríkì.



we
 also have egungun display at funeral rite of passage, this egungun will
 mimic the lifestyle of the departed soul, the will walk like the 
deceased and even wear the costume of the deceased so as to demonstrate 
to the family that the departed had rose from the dead and dwell in 
heaven with other ancestors.




layewu or eegun ode, the hunter's masquerade


ìwúre odún



odún l’awo eséji.

ìro l’awo afàkàn.

àsèyí sàmódún níí se s’awo àró -òsunko.

adífá fún òrúnmìlà.

babá se odún yìí.

wón ni kòní se èèmí.

babá gbó títí ó rín won-rín won.

odún làá rórógbó.

odoodún làá róbì.

odoodún ni ìyèré so.

odoodún làá rí ata.

odoodún làá rí yonmotè lórí egúngún.

àkànnàm àgbò oko kìí podún je àì mo hù.


translation: prayer

odun is the priest of eseji.  chimpanzee is the priest of afakan.  continuity is the priest of aro that doesn’t sleeps at farm.  ifa divination was made for orunmila.  baba was alive to celebrate a new year.  people said he wouldn’t be alive to celebrate the next ones.  baba heard them, he laughed.  he said the bitter kola produced seeds annually.  he said the kolanut produced seeds annuall.  he said the climbing back pepper reproduces annually.  he said the pepper reproduces annually.  he said we always meet the shrine of egungun on their head on annual basis.  àkànnàmàgbò leaves always sprout on each and every year.




oríkì egúngún



eégún bàbá mi òfe o,

òòsà bàbá mi òfe,

eégún yìí ma le tété.

ó mà dàbí osù.

onígborí omo kúlódò.

omo kúlódò awubi.



egungun ibeji

omo kúlódò awusi èyò.

omo ikú kan tí mbe lódò tó tì ìgbórí wá.

taa ní nso pé onigbòrí kò lódò.

wípé omi ikú ni wón ńpon.

ta lóni àasà.

ta lóni ękoro.

ta lóni dòbòdé omi ìpakùn.

ta lóni afúnlété omi ayaba.

dòbòdé ò demi lórun ęsè mó.

e wo afúnlété bó ti ntú ayaba láso.

èrò ìgbórí omo kúlódò awubi.

ará ìgbòrí omo kúlódò awusi èyò.

onígbórí won ò lagba.

gbogbo won ní ńjé baba.

omo ajé baba maję arúgbó.

ará ìgbòrí e kú ma ko apinni.

níbi o ko ìdí rę si.

níbi o ko ìdí rę lo.

ęni arakan tii jijo awo.

omo arùku rojà ma tà.

òkú ta gbe rojà tí ò tà.

a gbé òkú òhún padà wálé.

o wá yóyó ó ku bi okinni.

okinni náà wá ńbe léyìn òòsà akire.

òun ni molufon fi nse iwín bo.

ará igbori omo isin lojude ìjan.

osan rèrèrè lójúde ìwòyè.


egungun: praise name

my father egungun: ofe o.  the deity of my father ofe.  this masquerade is beautiful.  it is beautiful as a new moon.  onigbori, son of kulodo.  the son of kulodo awusi.  the son of kulodo awusi eyo.  the son of one strong personality (the spirit of the dead) at the brook who came from igbori.  who says that onigbori has no brook?  that says they drink from the water of death?  who owns aasa river?  who owns ekoro river?  who owns dobode, water of ipakun?  who owns the clear water, the brook of the queen?  dobode river is now only a few inches deep.  look at how the clean brook is also stripping the queen naked.  dweller of igbori, the offsprings of kulodo awusi.  citizens of igbori, the offspring of kulodo awusi eyo.  people says that the people of igbori have no elders.  everybody now proclaims himself or herself as the most senior.  all of them are called fathers.  they are called fathers yet they are not aged.  the son of those that carried a corpse to the market for sale but nobody bought.  the corpse that was taken to the market for sale but nobody bought.  the corpse was carried back home.  it began to dissolve gradually.  until it was reduced to the size of a needle.  the remains is now at the shrine of orisa akire.  it is this remains that the children of molufo ade worship as their deity.






posted by



officeofaraba




at

6:43 pm



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















orisa esu elegbara documentary






orisa esu elegbara documentary





baba
 araba ifayemi elebuibon at ogbeyonu temple in osogbo osun state, 
nigeria, world culture education alliance (u.s.a.) & children of the
 world african diaspora (world) have partnered to make information on 
traditional african culture and spirituality more accessible to the 
world by using multi-media sharing.  this documentary on "orisa esu 
elegbara: facts vs. fictions" is our first collaboration project.  we 
hope that you will support us in educating and sharing sacred african 
tradation with the world.  adupe & thank you~

this project is directed by: 
baba araba ifayemi elebuibon, 
ifa priest, author: poet, playwright, cultural icon and traditional yoruba west afrikan cultural educator & preservationist
our goal is to raise $6,000 by august first.  to make a donation please go to http://www.gofundme.com/74bxu0


0






posted by



officeofaraba




at

6:43 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















beware fake facebook page!






beware fake facebook page!









this
 is to inform all my fb family and all and sundry that one oshiyemi 
olayemi is a fraudster that created a false facebook profile with my 
name with the aim of defrauding people. unfortunately this has worked on
 some people. his account number is 0050157065 at gt bank. recently, he 
took money from one of my client and that was how i got to know . do not
 fall victim for his plot .oshiyemi olayemi is nothing but an impostor trying to extort the innocent . this is my only official facebook page .
thank you,
araba ifayemi elebuibon
araba's only official facebook page!
things to look out for:
1.  look under recent-  araba started this page in 2009!






only official fan page of araba!

things to look out for:

1. started in 2013










posted by



officeofaraba




at

6:42 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)









ifayemi elebuibon







araba ifayemi elebuibon- is available for spiritual divinations, consultations and readings - spiritual cleaning, advice, guidance and protection on personal life path -intiation ceremony to all orisas -lean the full potential of specific path and road map to travel to increase good future and become greater than you ever dreamed possible -find out about your personal guardian orisa (spiritual guide) contact araba elebuibonphone:+234 805 314 1770or+234 803 385 2524email:arabaosogbo1@gmail.comaddress:13,elebuibon street,osogbo, osun state 623web:http://www.arabaelebuibon.com/facebook:only official araba ifayemi personal pageonly offfical araba ifayemi fan pagearticles and online intereviewsifayemi elebuibon: a great babalowo becomes "araba awo" of osogbolandthe misrepressentaion of ifa in nigerian film



blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2016

(18)





        ▼ 
      



february

(18)

araba is speaking at the port of spain's city hall
traditional religions thriving in t&t
araba's visit to trinidad and tobago
why trinidad and tobago citizens value yoruba cult...
egungun: dweller of heaven
orisa esu elegbara documentary
beware fake facebook page!
now on sale: kujoyi the offspring of otero
women in yoruba tradition with araba ifayemi elebu...
araba visits ile egbe yemonja
public events featuring araba elebuibon in trinidad
healing power of sacrifice (edition 2) by chief pr...
bring back our girls
araba: the man, the institution by chief yemi eleb...
unauthorized edition of adventures of obatala volu...
do not buy
iwure odun (new year prayer)
araba in brazil 2016


















subscribe to







posts










                  atom
                










posts












all comments










                  atom
                










all comments



















































ifayemi elebuibon. simple theme. powered by blogger.
























