



fit-n-fun - children's entertainment, private, corporate, characters, face painting, dj's




























please enable javascript for optimum experience.
skip to content






hosting children's parties in pa, de, and nj



☰



about


characters


princesses


face painting


dj


yoga


group dance


services


contact us!










			full service children's entertainment business
		

			since 1986, we have been a full-service party company for children and adults using our djs, costumed characters, princesses, face painting, and dance instruction.
		


			our services
		

			get a quote
		










					about us
				

fit-n-fun unlimited brings over 35 years of experience to the table to bring you the very best in childhood entertainment. from superheroes, princesses, pirates, and more, we offer the best selection of quality characters in the tri-state area (pa, nj, & de) and on the main line (including chester county, delaware county, bucks county, montgomery county, philadelphia county, parx casino and racing, and the surrounding counties). we host a large variety of events from private birthday parties, wedding venues, anniversaries, country club parties, and even private corporate parties. no matter the location, fit n fun is going to create memories for years to come and an unforgettable visit from your child's favorite character.



don't delay, contact us today!



					contact us
				

					call: 610-213-2782				









						who we are
					

						fit-n-fun is a party-planning organization that combines music, dancing, and games to create memories that the whole family can enjoy.
					








						what we do
					

						we specialize in creating themed magical parties for children (and adults) that everyone will remember and talk about for decades to come!
					








						how we do it
					

						we have all the modern, up-to-date, characters and princesses from the latest and greatest children and popular movies!
					









			choose a character
		



costumed characters and superheroes














princesses and superwomen














			more characters
		

			more princesses
		





			face painting
		



add a face painter














			more face painting
		





			party services
		



add a service to your package








 

						face painting
					



 

						makeup
					



 

						manicures
					



 

						temporary tattoos
					



 

						henna tattoos
					



 

						arts and crafts
					



 

						colored hairspray
					





 

						balloon twisters
					



 

						dj
					



 

						caricaturist
					



 

						magician
					



 

						clowns
					



 

						photobooth
					








			pick your party location
		




				private parties
			




				corporate parties
			




				country club parties
			







		contact us!
	


			please submit the contact form below for any questions you may have about our services or for job inquiries. please note we usually respond to contact form submissions in 1-2 business days. 
			
if your matter is more urgent, we recommend you call us at 610-213-2782. 
			
			an asterisk (*) in the below form indicates a required field. 
		
name*email*phoneparty dateparty locationmessage*send my message 








fit-n-fun



									schedule a party
								





								contact our team
							




									610-213-2782								





									facebook
								





									instagram
								




contact




								top services
							





characters




princesses




face painting




dj




yoga




group dance




contact us







								our partner
							



namas t yoga








© 2025 copyright fit-n-fun.
terms and conditions | 
								privacy policy | 
								contact



									designed &maintained byw3 nerds
								




 



