


lillie langtry - museum on the internet








lillie langtry 




museum on the internet 



welcome to lillie langtry .com
 
    an educational tool and catalyst for lillie langtry enthusiasts and collectors of lillie langtry memorabilia. this website is dedicated to the life of lillie langtry and contains the most concise collection of photographs and information about her life and afair with the former king of england edward vii.
lillie langtry (née emilie charlotte le breton, nicknamed the jersey lily) (13 october 1853 - 12 february 1929) was a british actress born on the island of jersey in 1853. her father was the dean of jersey.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
lillie married irish landowner edward langtry in 1874. some say that the attraction to edward was because of his yacht and that he insisted he take her away from jersey and set up home in london. lillie did not begin her stage career until several years later after her husband had become bankrupt. she also had a daughter who was born in 1881, jeanne marie langtry (who married sir ian malcolm of poltalloch in 1902, had four children, and died in 1964), and whose father was definitely not lillie's husband. the child's actual father was reportedly lillie langtry's lover prince louis of battenberg (later 1st marquess of milford haven, 1854-1921), who married queen victoria's granddaughter princess victoria of hesse and the rhine in 1884 and became father of earl mountbatten of burma, the last viceroy of india, and grandfather of prince philip, duke of edinburgh. a recent biography of langtry suggests that another of her lovers, arthur jones, may have been jeanne marie's father, though prince louis's son, lord mountbatten, always maintained that his father was the one.
lillie's heyday as a society beauty culminated in her becoming a semi-official mistress to the prince of wales, queen victoria's son albert edward ("bertie"), the future king edward vii. other lovers included wealthy britons robert peel and george baird. among her friends were the irish writer oscar wilde and the american artist james mcneill whistler. she was for a time the manager of the imperial theatre and also manufactured claret at her 4,200 acre (17 km²) winery in lake county (northern) california, which she purchased in 1888 and sold in 1906.
in 1887 lillie became an american citizen, and divorced her husband the same year in california. in 1899, she married the much younger hugo gerald de bathe, who would inherit a baronetcy, and became a leading owner in the horse-racing world, before retiring to monte carlo. she died there in 1929, and was buried in the graveyard of st. saviour's church in jersey - the church of which her father had been rector.
 



    contribute to lillie langtry website contributions 
 
    special thanks to the following contributors.
tara howard  for photographs and historical images.    
 










the life of lillie langtry 

introduction
home
jersey 1853 
marriage
london
society
by royal command 
offical mistress 
fame
a royal lovenest
the fall 
the theatre 
america
judge roy bean
freddie gebhard 
the races
lady de bathe
death of lillie 
important dates 
picture gallery 
booksresources
sitemap




 lillie langtry  official website.
 
    sponosred by bathrooms plus the one stop online showroom for bathrooms sales and bath accessories.





copyright ©2000 - 2016 langtry 
 tribute to the life of lillie langtry website is sponsored by the venus awards - recognising local women in business





