
















focalpoint rental software by visum



























































request pricing
request a demo

 




home
about

customer reviews
employment


industries

homeowner
tools & equipment
heavy machinery
special events


features

cloud
customers
dispatch
front counter
inventory
maintenance
mobile
purchase orders
reports


add ons

automatic reminders
customer portal
electronic signature
equote
erental catalog
gift cards & customer loyalty
mobile
monitor
optional hardware
payment solutions


integrations

accounting
bing maps
partsmart
pedigree
rouse analytics
smartequip
zip2tax


services
news
contact
customer center
request pricing
request a demo
 


select page


  
 

 
















manage your rental operations in-store & on the go!
focalpoint is built to work on your server or in the cloud, and is accessible through desktop, laptop, tablet and on your smartphone.


learn more







rental industries we serve
focalpoint software makes running a rental store less stressful and easier to manage. focalpoint helps rental stores handling all types of merchandise, ranging from homeowner items, tools and equipment, heavy machinery, party and event supplies, and much more.

























what our customers are saying…





“i am very pleased with my decision to utilize and purchase your computer software program for rentalex. the software product is excellent and the support outstanding to successfully implement my rental sales and inventory. i have been extremely impressed with the level of customer support and insight i have received from your staff. based on the economy, we needed a versatile and well structured program and your rental software has proven to be very effective. since we selected your software we haven’t looked back.”
robert
rentalex



“i have been with visum from almost the beginning, i believe i was one of their first customers. what attracted me initially to visum and focalpoint software was a reasonably priced product and support costs. what keeps me with visum is very good software and great customer service. i have watched the company evolve and grow over the years: the one constant has been a genuine commitment to customer service. i like to think that i have had some input into the development of the software because visum is very receptive to their customer’s needs and ideas.”
scott
all season rental



“focalpoint and the folks at visum are a wonderful company to partner with. they have a great product and they are always focused on their customers. this was our first system and our company has grown dramaticly over the last few years. this would not have been possible without a system. they have great mid-america values and they listen to their customers. the product is always improving and evolving. there are more features in their program than other rental software costing three times more. i recommend them highly.”
bob
rental corners







see how focalpoint can improve your rental business.
request pricing



 









contact
visum, llc
call 763-244-8050
sales@visum-corp.com






softwarefeatures
add ons
integrations
request a demonstration
services
brochures
industrieshomeowner
tools & equipment
heavy machinery
special events
aboutcompany overview
customer reviews
employment
news
customer center
 

 
 
 















