



publick nuisance — livejournal




















































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































jacksonpublick
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














jacksonpublick







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement












jacksonpublick

recent entries friends archive profile



add to friends rss

publick nuisance
the secret files of the ventureverse





what am i supposed to do with all these goddamn hankbucks?!?jacksonpublickaugust 20th, 2013click it! this is a real thing.we are ridiculous.jp



152 commentsleave a commentshareflag







vb shirt (of the week) club henchman 21 contest details!!!jacksonpublickjuly 16th, 2013how would you like to be the next shirt club model?!here's how you might be able to do that:1. dress up as henchman 21.2. go to our venture bros. panel at san diego comic con on friday. (12:15pm - indigo ballroom - hilton san diego bayfront)3. we will call all the henchmen 21s up at the end of our panel to judge the best costume. our judgement will be capricious and final.what you win if you win:the winner will have his/her photo taken wearing (or, most likely, holding) the final vb shirt club shirt of the season. your photo will go live on our ordering page at midnight sunday night, july 21st, and all of your friends will instantly be super-jealous. you'll also get to keep the shirt we hand you. or another one just like it, but in your size.maybe there will be some other prizes, too. maybe even some for the runners up and stuff. we don't know, we're making this up as we go. whatever they are, they'll probably be things you like.we're trying to work with the sdcc and adultswim staff to make sure anyone dressed as henchman 21 will get in to our panel and get a seat. we can't exactly promise it--the lines get long, things get weird at comic con--but i swear we're working on it.rules: you can dress as any iteration of henchman 21 (aka gary/aka the viceroy/aka jake cutter/aka jet girl/aka sphinx commander/etc.). except normal, out-of-costume gary. because that's just a chubby dude in big shorts with a pony tail. i mean, you can try it... i'm not gonna rain on your parade if that's what you're really into. but you are totally not gonna win, and the chances of you even talking your way past the door people are markedly slim.you must be willing to have your picture taken and smeared all over our website. you don't have to let us tell everyone your name, though, if you don't want to (say, if you played hooky from work, or you have super-strict religious parents who think comic con is demonic or something. no questions asked!)...hope we see you there!we love you,jp



26 commentsleave a commentshareflag










a note to our shirt club customers...jacksonpublickjune 18th, 2013hello, cherished members of the venture bros. shirt-of-the-week-club…some of you are wondering: "where are my shirts?" the short answer is: "your shirts will start shipping super-soon."as you know, shirt club shirts are printed to order--meaning we don't make a bunch of them ahead of time, and we don't make more than are ordered. this is why they are so jazzily "limited edition" and coveted by all. it also means we don't place our order for shirts with our shirt providers until the ordering period for that shirt is closed. for example, the subscriptions and individual ordering period for week 1's hankco and palaemon shirts ended on june 9th. we tallied, organized, and triple-checked all those orders, then placed our order with our shirt printer on the 11th. here's the thing: it is a shitload of shirts. the response to this season's shirt club was so overwhelming that it was, well… frankly overwhelming. american apparel needed a few extra days to come up with all the blank shirts we needed. and our silk screen printers needed a few extra days to print them. in fact, they've been busy at it for a few days now. compounding the issue was our decision to release two different shirt designs in our inaugural week.but we're all on top of it now and everything's on track. the hankco and palaemon shirts will be delivered to our titmouse satellite facility this week, and an eager staff of honorary astrobase cadets and soulbots will immediately begin packing them in ludicrously well-designed custom envelopes, carefully inserting lovingly printed hankbucks, and sending them on their way. once they start, shipments will go out at the end of each and every day, insuring we're getting them to you literally as fast as we possibly can (this is seriously a lot of shirts!).the order for week 2's "u.r.g.h!" shirts has already been placed, and now that everyone knows what to expect and our systems are all in place, things should move a lot smoother for future shipments.you will all be happy soon. we promise. like the venture bros. itself, vb shirt club is worth the wait and eager to please! ask anyone who was a member last time!we love you,jp



35 commentsleave a commentshareflag







time for (ad)venture!jacksonpublickjune 2nd, 2013the venture bros. season v premiere is almost here! welcome back, everyone. it was a long time coming, so thank you all for waiting so patiently. and extra-special most-especially thanks to the phenomenal cast & crew who helped us bring the season to life!...and don't forget about shirt club! the first 2 shirts (yes! two!) will be available for individual orders starting at midnight tonight (est)! hop on over to astro-base go! after the premiere (or during the commercial breaks), click on the mysterious, amputee models, and be whisked away to our ordering page, where uncommon enchantment awaits! (click it!)as always, these shirts will only be available for one week. after 11:59pm (est) june 9th, they're coming down to make room for the next episode's shirt club shirt... never to be seen again! unless you ordered them, in which case you'll be seeing them in your mailbox in 2-4 weeks.likewise, you only have one week left to subscribe to the full season of shirt club. and now that you're seeing the first coupla beauties we're offering, how could you not?! (i'm talking to you, rhode island and wyoming venture fans!)in the meantime, we hope you enjoy the show...we love you,jp



43 commentsleave a commentshareflag










shirt club v2 is aflight!!!jacksonpublickmay 27th, 2013current location:brooklyn, nycurrent mood: curiouslistening to:"here come the bombs" - gaz coombessubscriptions open now through midnight, jun. 9th...(individual weekly shirt orders begin the night of the venture bros. season 5 premiere)(click it!)we love you,jpafter a 5 year hiatus, astrobase go has brought back shirt club to celebrate the much anticipated venture bros. season 5. destined to be the greatest moment in animation history (until the premiere of season 6), season 5 starts off with a bang, then a shirt comes flying out!little has changed with shirt club, and that which has changed is for the better!each shirt is still only available for one week, and then immediately discontinued.	each shirt is still made to order, and the astrobase will only print what is ordered.each shirt is still designed (from concept to final) by doc hammer and/or jackson publick.	each shirt still dons a design specific to the episode it is sold in conjunction with.what has improved?each shirt is now packed and shipped by paid professionals, freeing up interns to learn animation and the fine art of running errands for those who are comfortably on payroll.each shirt is now less expensive than they were for the first shirt club. i know! that's nuts! does the astrobase love you more now than they did 5 years ago? yes they do!each shirt now comes with $1.00 in official hankco. hank bucks! what are hank bucks? it's fake money with hank's face on it, and it may someday be redeemable for merchandise, prizes, or whatever!you know the score. opportunity has knocked twice. you snooze, you lose. venture fans, this is your proudest moment! you know that official venture t-shirts are as rare and beautiful as albinos, and ones created by the actual venture brothers are even more rare, and like five times more beautiful… what are you going to do? answer: shirt club!here is how the venture bros. shirt of the week club works:each week we premiere a brand new episode of the venture bros. television program, we will premiere a brand new t-shirt design to go with it right here. the shirt will be on sale for one week only--until the next episode and the next shirt premiere.we'll only print as many shirts of each design as we receive orders for (okay, we'll probably make a couple for ourselves, too) and once the ad for a shirt is removed, that shirt will never be available again.  venture bros. shirt club shirts will all be printed on only the finest american apparel shirts available, and each is priced at $20 ($22 for 2xl + up).this season, we have 8 brand new episodes premiering. which means we'll be premiering 9 new t-shirts. wait, what? exactly! in honor of our hour-long, double-length season premiere (and our general indecisiveness), we're releasing 2 shirts for that episode.  2 ways to enjoy shirt club:1. a la carteeach week, a new shirt will be offered for sale at the low low price of $20 ($22 for 2xl + up). simply check this page every week, order the shirt(s) you like, and enjoy!…or, for the frugal completists, true venturoos and honorary astrobase cadet candidates alike…2. subscribe now to the full season of shirt club!for the low, low price of $165 ($180 for 2xl sized subscribers) you will automatically receive all 9 venture bros. shirt club shirts, week by week, as they're produced--assuring you will never ever miss a shirt club shirt!not only will you save time and money over the cost of ordering each shirt individually, but you'll also receive the "now in glorious extra-color" bonus t-shirt, absolutely free. this navy blue beauty features the titular venture brothers, our dubiously quotable tag line, and is available to shirt club subscribers only, making it the most limited and exclusive shirt. did we mention it's free with every subscription?so what are you waiting for? when we say "subscribe now," we mean it! because subscriptions to the venture bros. shirt club will only be available from now until 11:59pm (est) on june 7th. that's when the first week's shirts disappear--and so does your chance to subscribe to the full season of the venture bros. shirt club, save all that money, and be the proud, elite owner of the venture bros. "glorious extra color" t-shirt!the fine printshippingall venture bros. shirt club shirts will be shipped via first class u.s. mail.  domestic shipping is included in the price of every shirt.  for international orders, a $9.00 (usd) surcharge will be added to the price. please allow 2-4 weeks for delivery. the brand you trust, the fit you desireall venture bros. shirt club shirts are printed on stylishly fitted, american apparel brand t-shirts, which are made right here in the us of a. american apparel shirts are sized very accurately for a "fitted look," so we've included the american apparel size charts so you can order with confidence. because…refunds/exchangesshirt club shirts are non-refundable and we do not accept exchanges (we're seriously too busy making a tv show to deal with all that paperwork).problem?in the unlikely event of a screw-up on our end, however--say, we send you the wrong size or something--we will of course exchange the offending item for the proper one, at our expense. please contact us at vbshirtclub@titmouse.net to alert us to the problem, and someone will get back to you a.s.a.p. this email address is only for shirt club members and staff to conduct official shirt club business, however. please do not send fan mail, hate mail, questions about dean's hair, hatred's tits, or requests to "bring back triana's hot friend" to this address.cancellationthe venture bros. shirt (of the week) club doesn't want you if you don't want us. so if you unwisely choose to opt out of your subscription, we will grudgingly refund your money minus the full regular price ($20/$22 for 2xl/3xl) of any shirts that have been produced up to that point--and you will not receive your super-limited edition subscribers' exclusive "glorious extra color" t-shirt. because the bonus shirts are shipping last this season. because bonus shirts are for closers. the loyal, the hearty, the "in-it-for-the-long-haul" super-fans. when you wear one, this is how people will see you.



26 commentsleave a commentshareflag










what did the protagonist miss?jacksonpublickmay 19th, 2013listening to:"break the silence" - gaz coombesafter a long absence, hollywood screenwriter and friend of venture todd alcott is back at his old game of analyzing episodes of the venture bros., and, completist that he is, he's hell-bent on catching up with everything he missed. starting with, weirdly enough, 2003's pilot episode, "the terrible secret of turtle bay." check out his website here.we love you,jpp.s. shirt club. soon...



38 commentsleave a commentshareflag










the march (or may) of progress...jacksonpublickdecember 29th, 2012current location:brooklyn, nylistening to:definitive gaze - magazinehello again…a belated "merry christmas" to you all, and a preemptive "happy new year." apologies for not offering up a venture christmas song this season, but we converted to mayanism earlier this year, so we no longer believed in christmas and fully believed the world would end on december 21st. also, we were super-busy with post-production on the venture bros. season 5, as well as with decorating our giant stone calendar and practicing human head soccer.  so now it's back to post-production. here's where we currently stand with the season: we've already delivered half of the fully finished episodes to the network, and the rest are in various states of post-production. this week we received the rough cut of the final episode from korea (which is actually the second half of what will be our premiere episode) so i'm spending the day scouring it for errors and typing up retakes notes. then tonight i'm headed to a final sound mix session for the 6th episode. we'll finish the picture edit for the 7th episode a day or two into the new year and turn it over to our sound engineer, then move on to editing the 8th episode.since we're idiots who decided to write and produce our hour-long premiere episode last, we can't start airing until the last episode is finished. i don't currently know exactly when our premiere date is. i've heard it could be as soon as mid-march or as late as early may, but we're racing to get that premiere special done in time for march. and now that i've seen all of the episodes in one form or another, i can truthfully say it's going to be a great season. the crew in every department of the production really stepped up their game (and new crew members brought new game)--the show's never looked or sounded better. and as writers, doc and i hit a really great, confident stride that, i think, combines some of the best qualities of seasons past with a uniquely season 5 freshness. a good mix of new characters and old (some of which haven't been seen in quite a while), high adventure in exotic locations and internal strife on the home front. you will like it!(incidentally, the guest voices this season include j.k. simmons, larry murphy, paget brewster, john hodgman, wyatt cenac, tim meadows, gillian jacobs, bill hader, and the kicking-ass-on-snl-this-season kate mckinnon!)we're also looking ahead to next season. doc and i have big plans for season 6 and are champing at the bit to get started writing it. but first we have to write the script for our proposed long-form venture bros. special. we've got a pretty epic story planned, involving an epic number of cast members in an epic setting, so it's a pretty epic task ahead of us. the story will bridge seasons 5 & 6, so our mission is to tie up a lot of threads from season 5 (and 4, and 3…) and start a few new ones in the process. the sooner we write that, the sooner we'll write season 6--and the sooner we do all this writing, the sooner we'll be back on the air. my hope, as always, is to tighten that interminable gap between seasons--because i don't like waiting to show you new venture bros. any more than you like waiting to see new venture bros. so wish us luck…anyway, i posted a bunch of season 5 screen grabs on my tumblr, but here's a few more for you lj loyalists…we love you,jpp.s. thanks for all the cookies.p.p.s. happy new year!!!



138 commentsleave a commentshareflag







we're ba-aaack...jacksonpublickoctober 28th, 2012



67 commentsleave a commentshareflag










mo art mo moneyjacksonpublickoctober 25th, 2012too art for tv is an annual pop-up gallery exhibition in brooklyn, ny, celebrating the personal, art-for-art's sake work of dozens of animation industry professionals. you've probably seen me blog about the shows every year. the openings are fun and jam-packed, the community really rallies around them, and the work is always dazzling. the bunnycutlet gallery was founded by liz artinian, color supervisor for the venture bros., and close personal super-friend. and this year she's launched a kickstarter campaign to raise money to keep the gallery open year-round, in hopes of curating more exhibitions and building a hub for an even bigger, more energized animation art community in new york.many venture bros. artists are exhibiting, as well as artists from such varied animated favorites as ugly americans, superjail!, metalocalypse, and china, illinois. some of them even created that stuff! so if you're a fan of any of those shows, or just neato art in general, click on the image above and check it out. and maybe give them some money. i'm unfortunately not personally exhibiting a piece in this year's show, but i've got a couple of prints available as pledge rewards. thanks...we love you,jp



3 commentsleave a commentshareflag







tumblnjacksonpublickoctober 25th, 2012listening to:"cherry tree" - grand nationalso i have one of those tumblr thingies now...never had one before, don't know how much i'll use it, but click the bold blue words above, check it out/follow it/whatever you people do with these things...just a few season 5 screen grabs to whet your electronic whistle.we love you,jp



48 commentsleave a commentshareflag








previous 10






archive
aug2013

smtwtfs


    123
45678910
11121314151617
18192021222324
25262728293031



page summary

what am i supposed to do with all these goddamn hankbucks?!? — 152 commentsvb shirt (of the week) club henchman 21 contest details!!! — 26 commentsa note to our shirt club customers... — 35 commentstime for (ad)venture! — 43 commentsshirt club v2 is aflight!!! — 26 commentswhat did the protagonist miss? — 38 commentsthe march (or may) of progress... — 138 commentswe're ba-aaack... — 67 commentsmo art mo money — 3 commentstumbln — 48 comments




linksgood eveningbunny cutletplaid stallionswhat does the protagonist want?adultswimbuy adult swim stuffthe mantis-eye experimentthe music of jg thirlwellventure bros. blog


comments

jeracoo3 nov 2024, 07:28<b>what am i supposed to do with all these goddamn hankbucks?!?</b>anyone else see those playing cards that keep popping up?is it the same guy that was doing the baseball cards, pauldo wars? which speaking of what the heck happened to him, he used to write the…maskedmarvyl11 apr 2021, 10:10vb shirt (of the week) club henchman 21 contest details!!!as a long-time fan of the show, i wish the creators hadn't made the decision to have 21 murder the wandering spider.  i know that 21 is fiercely loyal to the monarch (who frankly doesn't deserve his…newtonfire12 oct 2020, 06:31re-gifting (pt. 3)these are awesome...glacialforce9 dec 2019, 21:37<b>what am i supposed to do with all these goddamn hankbucks?!?</b>the big city invited our little phoenix comedy group out of arizona to do a show at "the stand" recently (nothing was paid for, obviously) and while we were there i tried to take a selfie in front of…safeatheights12 dec 2018, 04:10re-gifting (pt. 3)nice



        powered by livejournal.com









































