








harbor unitarian universalist congregation – many beliefs, one faith



































harbor unitarian universalist congregation

many beliefs, one faith




welcome home

about

what we believe

7 principles



history

minister



opportunities

choir

board of directors meetings

city of the dead

endowment

music

social justice

religious education



newsletter

services

sermon archive



membership

pledge / donate

events

rentals

contacts









welcome home 


welcome to the web home of harbor unitarian universalist congregation in muskegon, michigan! we are a warm, friendly congregation of unitarian universalists where religious differences are not just tolerated, they’re celebrated! we are unitarian universalist and  christian, buddhist, hindu, humanist, jewish, muslim, pagan, atheist and agnostic, believers in god, and more. come experience for yourself the sacred beauty and the immense power of simply loving and respecting all our neighbors as we do ourselves.
our mission:  harbor unitarian universalist congregation is a safe haven inspiring people to seek their own spiritual truths through worship and learning in community as we build a better world together.
our vision: the people of harbor unitarian universalist congregation envision a community where connections are strengthened and deepened, where families are supported, and where diversity is celebrated.
our statement of values: (adopted 6/4/2023)harbor unitarian universalist congregation (huuc) is our spiritual home where we practice our values of acceptance, compassion, and social justice in the wider world.  huuc is a community that:

welcomes and respects a diverse set of beliefs and the inherent worth and dignity of all people;
fosters love, kindness, and friendship to all;
promotes practices to create a more just and healthy world.


we are glad you found us! please continue to find out more by following the links above.

















harbor unitarian universalist congregation, 1296 montgomery ave., muskegon, mi 49441
copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.










