




calgary home, life, auto




























 



















contact
home


 


 







how duct cleaning can improve your hvac system performance 


17. may 2023  · categories: furnace & duct cleaning services





all official organizations and research have proved that debris and dirt can block the airflow through your hvac system. this will result in increased costs for heating and cooling. dust and particulate matter are also harmful to health, particularly for those who have respiratory problems or allergies. 
your hvac unit circulates, heats, and cools the air in your house. air handling units will suction air and, depending on whether your home is being cooled or heated, blow it over hot or cool coils, before blowing the air into your home. the air handling unit will use more energy if dirt and dust accumulate on the coils. 
what is air duct cleaning? 
as you would expect, the answer lies in the name, it is a service designed to remove debris, dust, mold spores, and other common obstructions from your ductwork. 
big ben cleaning offers services that use cutting-edge technologies to eliminate these particles and mess from your home. you can breathe better and enjoy improved air quality in your home with clean ducts.  
how do air ducts become dirty? 
air ducts can become dirty due to interior and external contaminants. cleaning or cooking can release a lot of chemicals into the air. this clogs up the ducts, which are meant to provide clean air. chemicals from outside such as smoke, exhaust fumes and pesticides can also seep through walls to contaminate your ducts. 
moisture caused by the cooling system in your air conditioner can also be a cause. it is important to determine the cause of your dirty air ducts, and then have them professionally cleaned or repaired as needed. your home’s temperature will be more stable and consistent once your air ducts have been cleaned and cleared of any debris. 
benefits of air duct cleaning 
clean air ducts not only improve the temperature control in your home, but they can also benefit your overall health. the air ducts will make your home cleaner because they reduce the amount of dust that is blown from room to room. 
cleaning the vents of your air conditioner can also reduce allergens. your home will be less irritable and more comfortable. the air flowing through an air vent that is already contaminated will contain dangerous microorganisms which can harm your health. 
you can breathe a sigh of relief when you remove these harmful particles from your home’s air. professionally cleaning your air ducts can reduce your chances of experiencing respiratory distress. 
the hvac system in your home, whether it is for heating or cooling, depends on a network of ducts. to ensure that it can perform its task effectively, air flow is essential. the hvac system can be hindered by a buildup of dust, debris and other mess in the ducts. 
you will use more energy to maintain a comfortable home temperature if your hvac system is forced to work harder. in a nutshell, yes, duct-cleaning can improve efficiency if it is needed. 
you’ll notice a significant improvement in your home’s comfort and efficiency if you haven’t cleaned the ducts for a long time or if you’ve been exposed to large amounts of particulate matter. 
 how often should i clean my air ducts? 
as part of home ownership, you must perform routine maintenance. your air conditioning ducts are included in this. in a residential house, air conditioning ducts may become clogged by outside contaminants. it is recommended that your ducts be inspected every three to five years.  
this rule only applies if you have done a thorough cleaning. this task may be more frequent if your house is older. you or someone in your family who suffers from respiratory problems or has recently been diagnosed with respiratory diseases should have your air conditioning ducts professionally cleaned. 
air ducts allow your air conditioner to perform optimally and remove harmful chemicals. these ducts can circulate the air more effectively and reduce harmful particles by cleaning them. 
what will your air duct cleaning service provider do? 
when you decide to have your ducts professionally cleaned, the service provider must do the following: 
open all points of access to clean and inspect the system. inspect the system to ensure that asbestos-containing materials are not present before the cleaning process starts. if there is asbestos-containing material, they will require specialized procedures that should only be removed by contractors who are specially trained. use vacuum cleaning equipment that removes dust particles outside the premises. maintain carpets and household furniture during cleaning. 
brush duct surfaces with a controlled motion and vacuum cleaning to remove dust. only use soft-bristled brush for sheet metal ducts and fiberglass duct boards. although flex-duct can be cleaned with soft-bristled brush, it is often more cost effective to replace the flex-duct that can be accessed. 


 



how to find stucco repair services calgary


24. feb 2015  · categories: home





are you looking for a reliable expert who can provide you with stucco repair services calgary? indeed, it can be quite difficult to know which among the many available experts in the market you should hire. almost all of them will tell you that they are good at what they do. some will convince you by showing you a long list of clients that they have worked with and satisfied. the others will simply tell you that you should try the services that they offer and they’ll make sure that you’ll be glad that you did.
there is always something about stucco repair services calgary that you can’t help but feel wary about. perhaps the feeling comes from the desire that you want something done and it should only be done right the first time. perhaps it is about making sure that you get your money’s worth. whatever your reasons may be for requiring only the best from stucco experts that you hire, here are a few tips on how you could find yourself a good stucco expert.


first, ask your family and friends for recommendations. at least one of them has been able to go through the same process as you did or at least they might know somebody who did. let them give you a list of names that you could try out. from there, you can make your own short list of potential experts to hire.
second, conduct your own research as to who the trusted repair services provider are in calgary. when you localize your search, you can end up with a better pool of service providers. you can even get the chance to meet and talk to them about your stucco problem. after all, they are the ones trusted by most homeowners in the area where you live. they must be really good.
third, you can also browse online. simply localize your search in the area where you live, so that you can gain a clearer picture of the kind of provider you are looking into. if you can read customer reviews or comments from clients online, that would be helpful too.

finding yourself the best stucco repair calgary reviews provider may be challenging, but when you get to hire the best of the best, you are saving yourself from all the trouble.


 



what to do before calling a garage developer


24. apr 2014  · categories: home





when planning to build or renovate your current garage it is of paramount importance to consider a number of factors before calling your selected garage developer.
for now, let us look at some of the major factors that you should consider.

 
how much space do you need?  the answer to this question will help you choose a garage design that meets your needs amicably.  there are hundreds if not thousands of different designs hence finding the right one will not be a problem.  one of the sure choosing a garage design that offers ample space is by considering the size of your car plus any other items that you intend to store in the garage.
 
material: garage doors are made using different materials.  go for one that is made from high quality materials that are durable, capable of withstanding the harsh weather conditions and easy to maintain.  a professional garage developer will give you first hand information on various doors available before starting the project.  for example, steel doors are more durable and easy to maintain as compared to wooden doors.
 
technology: nowadays, there are automated garage doors that are more efficient and reliable than past models. it is a good idea to invest in a fully automated garage door as it’s easier to operate and quite effective in ensuring that your vehicle is secure.  plaint builders have embraced technology as evident from their new era tools and equipments.  they have the skills and resources required to develop and install an automated garage door in your home at an affordable price.
finally, allocate enough time to this project to achieve the expected results.  plaint builders is a team of professionals who specialize in various home remodeling projects such as basement renovations, garage development and the list continues.contact them today for a top notch garage door installation or maintenance service.


 





recent posts






how duct cleaning can improve your hvac system performance 

                                all official organizations and research have proved that debris and dirt can[...]                            
                            

 





how to find stucco repair services calgary

                                are you looking for a reliable expert who can provide you with[...]                            
                            

 





what to do before calling a garage developer

                                when planning to build or renovate your current garage it is of[...]                            
                            

 


place widgets here...





 





