 






pacific truss - more than just trusses







































 















 













                                    1-800-667-3511                                                            


                                    3730 trans canada hwy, cobble hill, bc v8h 0h9                                
                            








  




  




  




















about us

our history the pacific advantage tour the plant contact us

products

roof trusses floor trusses stair systems i-joists lvl hangers conventional wall systems pacific smartwall®

pacific smartwall® technology pacific smartwall® advantage 
3d software technology

projects

project gallery past projects

blog






                                get a quote                            






 






















                                       our dedicated team 
                                    

                                      with over 60 years of experience, our team is available to assist you with any questions you may have with your upcoming project. 
                                    


                                           about pacific truss                                            


 
 
 


















                                       manufacturing process 
                                    

                                      it begins with high-quality lumber being cut precisely with our computerized saw technology. 
                                    


                                           our truss products                                            


 
 
 


















                                       production facility 
                                    

                                      our dedicated team of skilled employees utilizes technological truss manufacturing equipment to produce trusses and components that are second to none.  
                                    


                                           tour our truss plant                                            


 
 
 


















                                       customer service 
                                    

                                      we strive daily to provide our customer with high quality trusses, exceptional customer service, on time delivery, and competitive prices. 
                                    


                                           our history                                            


 
 
 























                 our building components                               





are designed to exceed engineering and structural standards, and are built to your exact specifications. 











 
work with us


















pacific truss
                 60 years of dedicated services                             





pacific truss is the oldest truss manufacturer on vancouver island. pacific truss built its reputation on a commitment to quality and innovation. we specialize in the design, manufacturing and transportation of custom roof trusses, floor systems, and prefabricated wall panels for every size of residential, commercial and agricultural projects. 






 
canadian wood truss association



 
western wood truss association










 
about us





















industry leaders
                 the pacific truss advantage                                  






we strive daily to provide our customers with high quality trusses and building components and the best customer service. 







 
our advantage





















crafted quality
                 pacific truss products                                  






the oldest truss manufacturer on vancouver island, pacific truss will help you achieve your construction deadlines with guaranteed quality. 







 
view products
























 all projects 
current projects
past projects














 cobble hill barn 
                                    cobble hill, bc

















 79 ft custom trusses 
                                    duncan, bc

















 vaulted trusses cobble hill 
                                    cobble hill, bc

















 engineered trusses duncan home 
                                    duncan, bc
























 





we schedule our delivery around your needs 



our deliveries aren’t based around our timeframes, they are structured around yours. we know you have deadlines to meet and we are committed to helping your project move smoothly.  



















               © 2025  pacific truss - more than just trusses. all rights reserved. privacy policy - careers














 



























