



indian statistical institute, bangalore centre






head of the centre
web mail
isi karnataka branch
hindi version
kannada version





academic departments


applied statistics unit
documentation research and training centre
economic analysis unit
statistics and mathematics unit
statistical quality control unit
systems science and informatics unit


service centres


central computer centre
library 


administration


administration
staff directory
organisation chart
various forms and applications
objectives
placement cell
guest house
how to reach
contact


committees


anti-ragging committee
committee against any act of caste discrimination
committee for redressal of grievance of students
committee to examine the complaints of sexual harassment
outreach committee

right to information


central public information officer and appellate authority
office order - 1
office order - 2


job advertisements

teaching assistant (purely temporary position)

walk-in-interview will be conducted on 03 february 2025 at 11:00am at isi, bangalore centre for engagement of 01 (one) teaching assistant

faculty recruitment - 2024

advertisement for faculty recruitment - 2024

post doc fellow in algebraic geometry (purely temporary position)

post doc fellow in algebraic geometry project titled "study of etale and nori fundamental groups of varieties over a field of positive characteristic"

application for research associate (purely temporary position)

research associate position at theoretical statistics-mathematics unit


tender notifications



supply and installation of one fusing unit for konika minolta bizhub 367 / 450i through gem


renovation of bituminous road in the campus of isi, bangalore centre


annual rate contract of day to day maintenance/ minor works (civil) for the period up-to march, 2026 at isi bangalore centre







advertisement for faculty recruitment - 2024
59th convocation notice 2025

about the centre ...
the bangalore centre of the indian statistical institute was conceived by prof.p.c.mahalanobis     			
				during 1960s, even when the city was emerging as a centre of science. it
        			is a tribute to his foresight that the institute is now well-established in one of the
        			around the mid-sixties.  the presence of several national institutes of higher
        			learning, the salubrious climate and the growing metropolitan culture must have prompted
        			him to consider this possibility.  in 1966, govt. of karnataka granted isi 30 acres
        			of forest land full of eucalyptus trees, next to the upcoming bangalore university on
        			mysore road, at a token price.
however, professor mahalanobis did not live long enough to see the
        			realisation of his dream.  due to the difficult times that isi went through after
        			professor's death in 1972, the project of establishing bangalore was temporarily shelved.
        			  it was left to professor kallianpur, the director of isi during 1976-78, to revive
        			the idea, make concrete proposals to the government of india and get grants for the
        			development of the land already in possession of the institute and the construction of an
        			academic block with space for a library and offices.
in the meantime, a building was rented on church street, in the heart of the city, and
        			started the activities of the bangalore centre in september 1978.  the statistics and
        			mathematics unit (smu) was established. the statistical quality control (sqc) unit and
        			documentation research and training centre (drtc), which were functioning from other
        			rented buildings at that time came to constitute the new centre. the economic analysis
        			unit (eau) was established.
with the completion of the construction of the administrative block, the various units moved to
        			the new campus in may 1985. however, it was only in september 1996, the bangalore centre
        			was formally declared as a centre of isi.  with the increasing faculty strength,
        			computer and library facilities the bangalore centre has by now became an institution
        			well-known for its academic activities in mathematics and statistics, statistical quality
        			control and operations research, library and information science, and quantitative
        			economics.
systems science and informatics unit (ssiu) was added in august 2009.









academic programs


bachelor of statistical data scienc (bsds)[new]
bachelor of mathematics (b.math.)
master of mathematics (m.math.)
ms in library and information science (mslis)
ms in quality management science (msqms)
junior research fellowship / research associateship
<!--					<li>part-time certificate course in sqc
--!>
				

announcements



59th convocation notice 2025
advertisement for faculty recruitment - 2024 (new)
<!--
					<li>admission 2024
--!> 
					central public information officer and appellate authority
closed and restricted holidays - 2025
cyber security guidelines for govt employees
gazette notification for appointment of estate officers at different centres
gst provisional registration certificate
jan andolan campaign on covid-19
off-campus (remote) access to online resources
verification of academic records
hostel rules and regulations
booking of seminar halls of auditoriums and guest house:
						(a) for isi work
						(b) for non-isi work
isibc worker's canteen food charges

guest house charges:
					    	(a)accommodation charges
						(b)food charges

list of empanelled civil contractors
swachhta pakhwada poster


training programs


certified reliability engineering program (cre-01: 06- 09 february, 2025)
business forecasting using python (bf-08 weekend online batch: 23- 24 november 2024 and 07 & 15 december 2024)
lean six sigma green belt (gb-65 online batch: 27- 31 january, 2025)
six sigma master black belt with analytics & inductry 4.0 (mbb-37 online batch:17- 22 february & 03-08 march, 2025)


conferences/seminars


schools, workshops and conferences in statistics and mathematics unit


students activities


limit22






   indian statistical institute, bangalore centre



