

  






home - centrum





















































































 













workshops & programs






music




acoustic blues




choro northwest




fiddle tunes




red hot strings




voice works




ukulele




jazz




chamber music






writing




long form novel writing




writers conference






artist residencies




in the making




curator & arts worker




emerging artists




self-directed residency




local artist studio space






youth programs




explorations




water world




dance this




tales texts & theater




voices from the field










events




calendar




watch & listen




tickets






about






news




blog






who we are




about centrum




mission & vision




impact






our people




faculty




staff




the board




careers






faq




faq




for parents & guardians






contact centrum








support




the centrum book




donate




sponsors




volunteer




gala






centrum artist network








 


















 
tickets




























donate 



















 



explore our programs 



music, writing, art, dance, and more. 



 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



centrum news 








 





				centrum 2025 benefit concert & gala			

















 





				centrum faculty wins at 2025 grammys			

















 





				centrum moves forward with full 2025 season			



































 




							programs & workshops						


looking for creative education? view all programs: music, writing, art and youth.					













 




							event calendar						


						find tickets, or discover your next favorite creative event.					













 




							get involved						


						donors, volunteers, and alumni find resources here.					


















the onlies: from festival roots to leading the way 



lifelong friends and musicians return to lead the festival that shaped their love for traditional music. 



  



seattle natives riley calcagno, leo shannon, and sami braman, who began playing fiddle as children, grew up attending centrum’s fiddle tunes festival. the trio’s early passion for traditional music led them to form the onlies, an old-time stringband, with vivian leva later joining as a guitarist and singer. over the years, the onlies evolved from wide-eyed festival participants to professional musicians, performing internationally and releasing acclaimed albums. in 2024, their journey comes full circle as they step into their new role as fiddle tunes’ artistic directors.having been mentored by fiddle tunes faculty for years, the onlies are now guiding the next generation of fiddlers while bringing their youthful energy and deep-rooted connection to tradition. their story is a testament to the power of community, mentorship, and music, as they honor the legacy of the festival that shaped them while ushering it into the future.fiddle tunes, founded in 1977, remains a vibrant celebration of fiddle traditions from around the world, attracting musicians of all ages to port townsend, washington, for workshops, concerts, and community-building. with the onlies at the helm, the festival continues to nurture creativity and tradition for generations to come. 






learn more about fiddle tunes























 











providing creative education for over 50 years 










0


workshop participants in 2024










total visitors in 2024 

0

























$
0


scholarship dollars given 2024 to 269 workshop attendees





 

our vision

centrum envisions a future where anyone from anywhere can nurture their creativity in an environment that is supportive, challenging and uplifting – building a world of greater inclusion through the arts. 






 



 

our mission

centrum’s mission is to foster creative artsexperiences that change lives. 






 



 

help us make art

there are many ways to support the arts with centrum.  
learn more 





 



















































































join our creative community 






find upcoming events







join the centrum community and experience the joys of collaboration 































 




quick links

 







 
events





 
support





 
music programs





 
art residencies





 
writing programs





 
youth programs












ticket office hours

 






tuesday
12pm – 4pm


wednesday
12pm – 4pm


thursday
12pm – 4pm


friday
12pm – 4pm



closed monday 



online box office 




contact:po box 1158port townsend, wa 98368phone: (360) 385-3102
 








join the listkeep up with centrumevents, news and workshops
 




email address: 
		




leave this field empty if you're human:  











centrum is a non-profit organization under section 501 (c)(3).  tax id number is 23-7348302 



 


























                shopping basket            











































   




manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.




functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 

























