






national prayer network and truthtellers.org

























 scroll to top






 

national prayer network and truthtellers.org

 







≡

home

e-alerts from truthtellers
hate crime laws
israel
bible answers
videos
radio!


about us

contact us
links we like


store



explore our new  truthtellers resource page!
by rev. ted pike        
visit our online store for books & dvd's









don't just protest, protest smart!  click here for ted's latest alert during the presidential transition.   
|   join free for e-alerts!  click to sign up with your email.   | 
|   donate to truthellers:  click here for the npn store page with books, videos, and donation options.   










npn has played a powerful role over the past year in defeating some of the most frightening legislative threats to freedom and christianity ever to come before the us senate. yet adl and the homosexual lobby never give up. 
            
their christian-persecuting hate crime bills (particularly “the equality act”) will return next year!
            
for this reason npn is keeping up the original "equality" alerts as a reminder that a wealth of information and argumentation against it exists at truthtellers.org.

trump signs outrageous eo. photo al jazeera
i am including a vitally important article which you and your contacts must read if free speech and freedom is to be preserved: ”trump decree supports jews: christianity is antisemitic”. the christian “watchdog” groups which evangelicals trust are silent in criticism of trump’s anti-christian decree. it’s up to lovers of freedom to awaken evangelicals to the magnitude of trump’s treachery.

new awakening
for at least a century evangelical christians have firmly believed that to criticize jews or israel is not only antisemitic, but worthy of being cursed by god. this is because such criticism, it is contended, even if true and warranted, provides fodder to those who would persecute and even destroy the jews.

yet today there are at least a million evangelicals who agree with websites which assert a very different perspective. they say that if jesus and the disciples criticized evil jews and the nation israel it is not only a christian’s right to follow this biblical example, it is his duty!

can these two points of view  work together to rescind trump’s “christians are anti-semites “ decree? i believe so. this is because i have worked together with the most ardent pro-israel zealots to create a very widespread awakening against hate laws among american christians.

in the mid 1980’s a national poll of evangelical teens found some 84% in favor of hate crime laws.

in 2005 i contacted the militantly pro-zionist evangelical activist janet folger, (now janet porter), director of “faith2action”. i asked her if i could educate her concerning the dangers to christians inherent in hate crime laws, particularly the pending  federal  hate bill. after significant tutoring she told me that i had taught her everything she knew about hate laws. but she did more. she passed on her new-found knowledge to her good friend, joseph farah, owner/editor of world net daily, (who was just as oblivious as she had been). soon wnd began featuring accounts of  widespread indictments of christians under the jewish anti defamation league’s canadian hate crimes law. in short, wnd’s alerts concerning hate and bias crime outrages against christians have, over the last fifteen years, thoroughly poisoned u.s. evangelicalism against hate and bias legislation.
    
can critics of israel similarly awaken zionist evangelicals to trump/kushner’s portrayal of them as antisemites? you bet they can! but only if you read my article and take action!

do it now!
explore our new  truthtellers resource page!






ted, today - photo: john pike, october 2019mail: p.o. box 828, clackamas, or 97015email: rev. ted pike







donate






breaking news
hate crimes laws may make you a lawbreaker! such laws, while claiming to promote tolerance, actually lead to the end of free speech! powerful articles and npn's video exposé of hate crimes laws in canada and the united states provide you with the vital tools necessary to combat this imminent threat to freedom. this video is especially important as acts of terrorism extend the power of "big brother" to monitor what you do, say, and think.

3 january 2021 - emergency alert
          will god answer prayer from "christians" who don't obey?
more…
10 november 2020 - emergency alert
          biden's 3 children, harris, linked by marriage with jews.
more…
4 jul 2020 - emergency alert
          white house sources have revealed that president trump regrets following the left-conciliating advice of his son-in-law and senior advisor, jared kushner regarding police reform.
more…
17 december, 2019 - emergency alert - trump supports jewish claim: christianity is antisemitic
          president trump’s recent executive order is the text of the jewish adl’s “anti-semitism awareness act, s852, recently rejected by the us senate for committee consideration.
more…
24 sep 2019 - emergency alert
          “anti-semitism awareness” bill worse than “equality” bill! good news! the christian-threatening, lgbt- promoting “equality act” could not face confrontation with hostile senate judiciary republicans this spring. it went nowhere. yet democrats could still try to get it through the senate judiciary. npn will sound the alarm at truthtellers.org if it starts to move forward.

sign up for e-alerts!










                                        email





                                        first name





                                        last name




subscribe











contact truthtellers here!

          email rev. ted pike:     npntedpike [@] gmail.com
social media





 








