



career advice that can change your life | andrea kay | country's leading career expert







































homebooksconsultingspeakingarticlesaboutcontactmedia




career advice that will get you the job, salary and career you want.

welcome to my web site where you'll find practical advice on the issues you face in your career and on the job. whether you're changing careers, want to get along better at work, move up in your field or work less and enjoy life more...or are interested in work-from-home careers, my syndicated newspaper column, books, video podcast can help.




now translated and available in arabic and chinese.reviewsusa today
american bankersassociation journal
publishers weekly
dallas morning news
richard bolles, author of "what color is your parachute?"
the book connection
blog business world
the california bookwatch
nashville ledger
naples news
arizona daily sun 

career advice from andrea's usa today.com columns:

answer 3 questions to point you in the right direction.

andrea has reached millions through:"every word out of andrea kay's mouth is gold! no matter who they are, or what their dreams may be, andrea can find a way for people to navigate this crazy working world of ours." --ellen mcgirt, money magazine"she is bubbly, fun and a good talker."
--cbs news



in the media

my take on why it’s not ok to miss deadlines and tips on how to get a job done on time, every time
here’s how to find your next job in a new city
3 ways to invest in your career this week
my two cents on: 5 ways references can lose you a job
my input on why it’s not ok to call me honey.
andrea's thoughts on the biggest mistakes job hunters make and how to avoid them
andrea weighs in on 10 ways your boss knows you're job searching in us news & world report
andrea comments on 8 things that are more productive than staring at a job board in us news & world report
andrea shares her 3-step survival guide for the recently canned with us news and world report
andrea shares how to give constructive feedback in b2b news network
should you hold out for your dream job? andrea's thoughts in usa today college
andrea offers advice on how to explain your time off from your career
how to handle criticism and difficult moments at work--andrea shares in usnews & world report/money
8 key questions to ask your interviewer (& yourself):
andrea weighs in in u.s. news & world report
when your new job is a nightmare! andrea shares what to do in us news & world report
andrea's input on career change in chicago tribune
got fired. now what? men's health interviewed andrea on what to do next
will job hopping and lots of internships come back to bite millennials?
andrea's point of view in the guardian
2014 job hunting tips for working moms in workingmother.com
andrea's advice in us news & world report on what to do if you have a criminal record
andrea's comments in us news & world report on what to do if interviewers balk at your unique name
andrea takes calls from listeners on wvxu radio.
andrea comments on tech tools for boomers in market watch/the wall street journal
abc's "the list" with andrea on how you're always auditioning
andrea talks about what employers can deduce 30 seconds into the job interview in oprah.com
andrea offers advice on being the new kid on the block in us news & world report
scripps tv show "the list" features andrea's latest book(it's the second interview)
the office professional interviews andrea about how to get your next job. part 1 | part 2
the dallas morning news reviews 'this is how to get your next job'
andrea talks about employers' pet peeves with job hunters and how to act instead
andrea talks about resumes for boomers in marketwatch/wall street journal
andrea discusses what impresses potential employers in the office professional part 1 | part 2
andrea talks about your education in the new year in investors business daily
andrea weighs in on how to help employers overlook poor credit
andrea offers her advice in marketwatch/wall street journal article on 9 tips to help jobseekers beat age bias
read more >>


podcasts

career whisperer video podcasts view current and archived podcasts.
subscribe via itunes. 

get unstuck

if you just can't seem to figure out how to solve an issue you're facing at work or in your career, try this to get unstuck. click here for "andrea's analysis" worksheet.

awards


				andrea kay was named "best career counselor" by cincinnati magazine
andrea was awarded the women in communications gem awardfor adherence to the highest standards of practice in professional communications and support of women in the work force.
andrea was given the 2009 leading woman award for consulting, training and education by leading women.



 





click here to visit the contact page and sign up for andrea's mailing list.





click here andrea kay's latest book


talking about workin’ for a living with wgrr hosts janeen coyle and chris o’brien.











andreakay.com


home
books
consulting
speaking
articles
about
contact
media
site map




all contents © copyright 2000 - 2025 andrea kay. all rights reserved. site  powered by wordpress. terms of use  |  privacy policy




















