










nobanis - european network on invasive species

























search alien species 


login 





















about nobanis


definitions used by nobanis

contact nobanis

nobanis newsletters

nobanis projects


country statistics

marine identification key

species alerts

alien species photo bank

fact sheets

regulation on ias


other resources

















       the european network on invasive alien species (nobanis) is a gateway to information on alien and invasive species in north and central europe.

    


regional portal on invasive alien species






search alien species 


nobanis covers marine, freshwater and terrestrial environments and provides: 

a distributed but integrated database on introduced species in the region
fact sheets on many of the most invasive aliens
a catalogue of the regulation relevant to invasive species in participating countries
a photo bank of alien species
a marine key to identify invasive species in nordic waters
a catalogue of regional databases
connections to regional and global networks and projects of invasive aliens species

 



    new species alerts






laonome sp

                a new alien polychaete species has been found at very high densities in the pärnu bay area of the baltic sea in estonia.
            
4/9/2015


read more om laonome sp





golden jackal

                canis aureus, registered for the first time in biebrzański park narodowy, poland.
            
6/1/2015


read more om golden jackal




    what's new in invasive alien species world?





        stop arctic aliens
    

are you travelling alone? have you checked your baggage for alien species?
an animated film intended to inform travellers about the dangers that alien species present to arctic ecosystems is being released today. the message is that it is important to ensure that nobody accidentally brings alien species with them as stowaways in their clothing, baggage or equipment.
we still have a window of opportunity to protect the arctic from the impact of alien species. the most effective action  is to prevent the introduction of potentially harmful alien species. contributing to this goal is everybody’s responsibility. luckily there are some simple measures that you can take!
brush! hoover! and wash!
the film project is a response to the arias arctic alien species strategy and is led by the norwegian institute for nature research (nina), in cooperation with the swedish environmental protection agency and the ministry of agriculture and forestry of finland. in addition, important collaborators are the governor of svalbard, the norwegian environment agency, association of arctic expedition cruise operators (aeco), visit svalbard and hurtigruten svalbard
for more intormation visit www.stoparcticaliens.com





        arctic alien invasive species strategy on the way to implementation
    

work with implementing the arctic invasive alien species strategy (arias), adopted by the arctic council in 2017, continues within a circumpolar woking group under the auspices of conservation of arctic flora and fauna (caff) and protection of the arctic marine environment (pame) groups.
 
the arias strategy recommends strategic priority actions that need to be taken to protect the arctic environment from invasive alien species. at present the arctic is relatively unaffected by negative impacts of invasive alien species, but with changes in the climate, opening of new sea routes and increased exploitation of natural resources, risks for introduction of invasive alien species will rapidly increase.
 





    current activities






nobanis projects

                the present report contributes to the fulfilment of obligations in the aichi target 9 under cbd and the eu biodiversity strategy 2020 target 5.
            


read more om nobanis projects





nobanis newsletters

                read the latest issue of the nobanis newsletter
            
1/15/2015


read more om nobanis newsletters





events


bern convention group of ias experts

22 march 2019

june 24 -25, 2019 in butumi, georgia



emapi 15@ prague

11 february 2019

15th conference on ecology and management of alien plant invasions
www.emapi2019.org
9-13 september 2019, czech republic, prague



9th esenias workshop and joint esenias and dias scientific conference

11 february 2019

9th esenias and dias scientific conference workshop
"species, ecosystems and areas of conservation concern under threat from the invasive alien species."

aqualina hotel, sveti stefan, ohrid, republic of macedonia
3-6 september 2019

read more

news


participate in cbd online forum on ias

12 april 2019
invasive alien species: invitation to online forum discussion forum 
written by: melanie.josefsson



invasive alien species in the arctic

27 march 2019
nina reports on arctic species in the arctic with focus on svalbald and jan mayen
written by: melanie.josefsson



island invasives: scaling up to meet the challenge

25 march 2019
freely available at the iucn website 
https://portals.iucn.org/library/node/48358

written by: melanie.josefsson



ipbes call for nominations of fellows – assessment of invasive alien species

11 february 2019
ipbes members,observers, stakeholders and relevant organizations are invited to  nominate fellows for the upcoming ipbes assessment of invasive alien species.
written by: melanie.josefsson

read more



    try also







marine identification key

                try our identification key to marine invasive species in nordic waters
            


read more om marine identification key















        contact nobanis
    

e-mail: nobanis@ni.is





        terms of use and citation
    

you may use data, pictures,information etc. available ad the site, as long as you refere to the sourse.
the database as a whole is to be cited as follows:
nobanis. available from http://www.nobanis.org. data of access x/x/201x











nobanis




                front page photo: trachemys scripta elegans by henrik bringsøe
            








