

 







margolius, margolius & associates - employment & disability























































margolius, margolius & associatessocial security, disability and employment attorneys cleveland and columbus, ohio 


call us 24 hours a day at (800) 234-7792
text us: (216) 272-2397
email us: info@margoliuslaw.com
request an appointment » 









☰
menu


˟
menu


home
the firm 
marcia w. margolius
andrew margolius
michelle lynn kopp
paul w. newendorp
jennifer hanselman regas
michelle t. mcfarland
emily e. warren
markus lyytinen


practice areas 
social security
workers’ compensation
long-term disability
wrongful discharge
disability rights
personal injury
fair housing
discrimination
other legal issues


resources 
prescription assistance
governmental resources
employment lawyers’ associations
other resources


news 
recent cases
current news headlines
past news headlines
decisions & opinions
testimonials


blog 
questions & answers


testimonials
contact us
 





get the benefits – and justice – you deserve
the margolius law firm has been actively and aggressively advocating for our clients for decades. our experience and resourcefulness have resulted in thousands of victories.
contact us »

















our concentrated areas of practice:























social security disability

























ssi

























long-term disability






























employment discrimination

























auto accidents

























workers comp


















our firm is based in cleveland and columbus (westerville), ohio, and we also represent individuals nationwide. we have eight experienced cleveland social security attorneys, and a fully dedicated staff whose goal is to make sure your rights are both protected and strongly enforced. we use state-of-the-art tools and resources to put your case or social security disability claim on the best footing possible. margolius, margolius & associates is a law firm that cares about its clients, and a firm which will vigorously fight to secure all your legal rights.
we have four overriding characteristics that we feel distinguish our firm from the others:

experience
personal attention
proven track record
commitment to excellence

ultimately, we are simply driven by one goal: to win your case.

















cleveland and columbus social security attorneys dedicated to advancing and protecting your rights.

















see what our clients have to say about our attorneys:









very satisfied
they are very professional and get the job done. a great legal team to work with. i have been very satisfied with their skill level and thoroughness.
jessica w.





thank you
i was recently informed by social security that my claim has been accepted. i cannot thank you enough for your representation. thank to you and your firm, i am now able to receive the payments for which i qualify and which i desperately need. once again, i am truly grateful to you and truly appreciate your help in ensuring the survival of disabled individuals such as myself.
ray s.





worked hard for me
andrew margolius worked hard for me in my case. his professionalism, punctuality, and attentiveness are what helped me win my case. he is well versed on the laws of the state, specifically regarding ada compliance. i highly recommend him.
lowell h.












 








 we pride ourselves on our commitment to excellence, our integrity, and our excellent track record.

 





from the margolius social security disability blog

new proposed rule that could affect ssi recipientsa new proposed rule published in this month’s federal register could affect the monthly benefits of supplemental security income (“ssi”) recipients. currently, ssi recipients receive a reduced payment if they are regularly provided meals or housing by a third-party. …
navigating the social security administration’s ticket to work (ttw) programa recent forbes article highlighted the complicated choices facing individuals who receive disability benefit, but who wish to attempt to return to work. in an effort to encourage individuals to attempt to return to the work force, the social security administration instituted the ticket to work program (“ttw”) in 1999. the ttw allows for individuals to work for a limited time period without automatically losing their disability benefits. …
news and information relevant to your legal issuesupdate: the social security administration has been taking small steps towards normalization. at present, only telephone and video hearings are available and many employees are still working from home. the administration has indicated that it is moving towards more in-person hearings, but no timetable has been provided. the courts in ohio and elsewhere are on a similar track, although many have  …


 



awards & credentials
lawyer marcia margolius | top attorney social security









 andrew l. margoliusrated by super lawyersloading ... 




client champion badge






 andrew l. margoliusrated by super lawyersloading ... 


 emily e. warrenrated by super lawyersloading ... 
 



contact us


 cleveland
for those who have scheduled a consultation with a cleveland social security attorney at our office, we are located directly on public square: our offices are handicap accessible with street parking and pay parking nearby.
margolius, margolius & associates
55 public square, suite 1770
cleveland, oh 44113
(216) 621-2034
map and directions
 
columbus/westerville
our columbus office is located in the westerville/polaris area off i-71 at exit 121, just north of the i-270 beltway.
margolius, margolius & associates
1900 polaris parkway, suite 450
columbus, oh 43240
(614) 985-1330
map and directions 
if you need to talk to an ohio social security attorney or a columbus social security attorney, contact us today.

 
call us800-234-7792
text us216-272-2397
email usinfo@margoliuslaw.com



request an appointmentpreferred appointment type:


phone



in-person
your name:(required)phone number:(required)email address:(required)

tell us about your situation:(required)captcha
  











δ





 




© 2025 margolius, margolius & associates, lpa | 
							social security disability attorneys - cleveland and columbus, ohio
			 
			| disclaimerfind us on: facebook | yelp | youtubesite by midwest new media, llc




  































