











pink floyd - a fleeting glimpse





















































 

 










↓ 
 


        javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.








            pink floyd – a fleeting glimpse
by the fans - for the fans - est. june 1998 
 

 


home
old news
forum
community
tour rooms
tour books
collectors hub
memories
interviews
discography
library
fun & fantasy
other exhibits







search for:





 




welcome to a fleeting glimpse – established 1998 – now in it’s 27th big year!

created by the fans for the fans a fleeting glimpse is an online community for all things relating to pink floyd and its members, including various long-term collaborators associated with the band. 
preparations for this site commenced in early 1988, and the site was fully established in june 1998 by col turner. this site took many thousands of hours to build and has received multi millions of visitors from all over the world.

a fleeting glimpse is proud to have been endorsed by many band associates, including guy pratt, dave kilminster, chester kamen, harry waters, durga mcbroom, ian ritchie, jay stapley, lee harris, and many more.

if you haven’t visited us before, get set to discover one of the most comprehensive pink floyd sites on the internet!
if you have anything floyd-related that you think may be of interest, drop a line to tony@pinkfloydz.com 
you can also follow us for daily updates on our social media platforms facebook | instagram
we do not receive any funding at all, so donations are most welcome. it does cost money to keep this site going, so even if you donate just $5 it can make a difference. (paypal donations can be made by clicking here or using the donate button on the left.) thank you!
as a convenience to you we are providing these amazon links usa | uk  we are a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to amazon.com and affiliated sites.





post navigation
← older posts






 new rare pink floyd live photos from san francisco 1975




pink floyd - a fleeting glimpse

posted on 10/02/2025  by  tony r10/02/2025




we recently have come across some remarkable photographs, arguably the best of the band from that time. taken by acclaimed rock photographer larry schorr, these images were shot on the first of two nights, april 12, at the cow palace in daly city/san francisco, california, during pink floyd’s 1975 north american tour. larry graciously permitted us to showcase these photos on our website. to view the images, please click on this link to access the tour page, and you can also visit larry’s site to see his complete collection of photographs by clicking his official logo.




posted in news



 


 new record store day 2025 exclusive offerings: nick mason’s saucerful of secrets, david gilmour & roger waters




pink floyd - a fleeting glimpse

posted on 07/02/2025  by  tony r07/02/2025



this years record store day, taking place on april 12th, features exclusive releases from nick mason’s saucerful of secrets, david gilmour, and roger waters! for offerings and details, see below. to locate your nearest participating stores, visit https://recordstoreday.com
echoes (live) – nick mason’s saucerful of secrets
live recording on one side, etched on the other. black vinyl. nick mason’s saucerful of secrets share an incredible live cut of their interpretation of the classic pink floyd song “echoes”. propelled by nick mason’s bombastic drumming, this recording captures the band with gary kemp, guy pratt, dom beken and lee harris at the peak of their powers. the performance was recorded on august 1st, 2024 at the centennial hall in frankfurt, germany by steve carr. echoes live was mixed by steven wilson with consultation and assistance from dom beken. it was half-speed mastered by miles showell at abbey road and plays inside-out for ultimate sound quality. the b-side includes an exclusive etched design.
between two points remixes – david gilmour w/ romany gilmour
between two points by david gilmour with romany gilmour, this vinyl only release celebrates one of the stand-out tracks from the #1 album ‘luck and strange’. the song, initially recorded by the montgolfier brothers, features the ethereal vocals of romany gilmour. this collection includes the album version of the song, an exclusive live version recorded during david’s sold-out run at london’s royal albert hall and two versions of a brand-new balearic-influenced remix by rob gentry, who played keyboards on both the album and the accompanying tour. pressed on clear vinyl.
side 1
1. vita brevis/between two points (live from the royal albert hall) 00:06:51
2. between two points (gentry remix) 00:06:48
side 2
1. between two points (gentry remix edit) 00:03:33
2. between two points (album version) 00:05:46
the dark side of the moon redux (live) – roger waters
pressed on limited edition neon pink vinyl and recorded during two sold-out shows at the london palladium in october 2023, the dark side of the moon redux live captures the only live performance of waters reimagined version of pink floyd’s seminal album.



posted in news



 


 roger waters announces ‘the dark side of the moon redux’ (super deluxe boxset) out march 14th




pink floyd - a fleeting glimpse

posted on 31/01/2025  by  tony r01/02/2025



announced today, roger waters is set to release a super deluxe boxset of the dark side of the moon redux on friday, march 14, 2025, with special live versions of the iconic songs from roger’s appearances at the london palladium on october 8 & 9, 2023. the first 700 copies include a signed print by roger – this is exclusive to roger’s official online store. 
the 10 disc super deluxe boxset includes:

• the dark side of the moon redux on gold vinyl (2lp), cd, blu-ray: dolby atmos mix, 96/24 audio.
• the dark side of the moon redux live on gold vinyl, cd, blu-ray: 96/24 audio.
• roger waters track by track video interview.
• a 4 x 10-inch vinyl from the original redux album cut at 45 rpm for: money, time, speak to me/breathe and us & them, each with an artwork etched b-side.
• a 40-page commemorative book of photographs from the making of the album, rehearsals, and roger waters redux live on gold vinyl.
• hand numbered certificate of authenticity. limited edition of 3000 copies
waters quote:
“all that is gone, all that’s to come?  looking back or looking forward, dark side of the moon offers you choice. the choice is yours. darkness or the light”.
roger waters - the dark side of the moon redux super deluxe boxsetwatch this video on youtube
pre-order now: https://rogerwaters.tmstor.es/



posted in news



 


 crowdfunding campaign: help bring new syd barrett community arts & wellbeing space to life




pink floyd - a fleeting glimpse

posted on 20/01/2025  by  tony r20/01/2025




the artyst, a new arts space with a café and bar, is set to open in cambridge, celebrating the legacy of syd barrett, the legendary co-founder of pink floyd. this innovative venue aims to become a hub for creativity and community engagement while giving back to the city through arts and charity initiatives.with the official approval of the estates of syd barrett and mick rock, the artyst will showcase iconic photographs of barrett captured by mick rock, his close friend and renowned rock-and-roll photographer. this exhibition will serve as a tribute to barrett’s profound influence on music and the arts.a few words from rosemary breen, née barrett: “as syd barrett’s sister, i am incredibly moved by the creation of the artyst: the cambridge centre for arts & wellbeing. this project is a heartfelt tribute to syd, capturing the essence of his creativity, his deeply curious and playful nature, and the impact he had on so many lives. it’s wonderful to see a space dedicated not only to celebrating his artistic contributions but also to fostering a sense of connection and wellbeing.i believe this venue will be a place where his spirit lives on, inspiring new generations to nurture their own creative lives and forge vibrant new projects and supportive communities together. it’s a beautiful way to honour syd, and i am grateful to everyone involved in bringing this vision to life.”
the artyst seeks to honour the spirit of syd barrett by providing a platform for local artists, musicians, and creatives. from art exhibitions and live performances to workshops and community gatherings, the venue is designed to inspire collaboration and foster cultural growth.
as part of its commitment to the local community, the artyst will donate a percentage of its profits to cambridge-based arts initiatives and charitable projects, ensuring that creativity continues to thrive for future generations.
to realize this vision, the artyst has launched a crowdfunding campaign, inviting supporters to contribute to the project. funds raised will go toward renovations, equipment, and establishing a vibrant and inclusive space. donors can look forward to exclusive rewards, including personalized recognition, event invitations, and more.“we’re thrilled to create a space that not only honours syd barrett’s enduring legacy but also supports the local arts community,” said matthew taylor, the project director. “the artyst will be a place where creativity flourishes, and we invite everyone to join us on this exciting journey.”to support the crowdfunding campaign or learn more about the artyst, visit their crowdfunder at https://www.crowdfunder.co.uk/p/the-artyst



posted in news



 


 roger waters shares excerpt from upcoming memoir, “love and truth”




pink floyd - a fleeting glimpse

posted on 06/01/2025  by  tony r06/01/2025




roger waters recently shared an excerpt from his upcoming memoir, “love and truth” on substack. roger recounts the stories of two animals, a cat named chocolate charlie brown, and a duck named donald, stories which he told the audience during the live performances of dark side of the moon redux at the london palladium in october 2023, plus more. as of right now, there is no release date for the upcoming memoir, but as soon as there is, you can bet we will post all the details and ordering information here. in the meantime, you can read the excerpt at this link: https://rogerwaters.substack.com/p/jan-3rd-2025



posted in news



 


 pink floyd podcast round-up: new fingal’s cave & floydpodcast episodes




pink floyd - a fleeting glimpse

posted on 27/12/2024  by  tony r27/12/2024



as we find ourselves in that lull between christmas and new year’s, we highly recommend you check out the latest episodes of some very popular and excellent pink floyd podcasts to keep yourselves entertained. the first one being the latest fingal’s cave podcast, which focuses on two young superfans who are heavily into the audience recording (bootleg) scene:
ep.24 - x-mas special: "here comes santa... and a sleigh full of pink floyd fans"watch this video on youtube
the second, the doctor over at floydpodcast or brain damage: the definitive pink floyd radio show, has cleaned up a full concert from pink floyd’s four night run at wembley empire pool in london in 1974 on their british winter tour, specifically the last of the four nights on november 17th, 1974 – just over fifty years ago! it’s a great recording and well worth checking out:




posted in news



 


 merry christmas from afg




pink floyd - a fleeting glimpse

posted on 24/12/2024  by  tony r24/12/2024



as the year draws to a close, we reflect on a particularly eventful period filled with lots of floyd activities. we extend our heartfelt gratitude to everyone for their unwavering support; your contributions have been invaluable, we couldn’t do it without you! wishing you a merry christmas from all of us at a fleeting glimpse, and here’s to a prosperous and joyful new year ahead!



posted in news



 


 david gilmour – ‘the piper’s call live around the world’ recorded in brighton, rome, london, los angeles & new york




pink floyd - a fleeting glimpse

posted on 13/12/2024  by  tony r13/12/2024



to celebrate an incredible year which has seen his new album ‘luck and strange’ hit the #1 spot in 8 countries and top ten in a further 14, as well as multiple sold-out shows in rome, london, los angeles and new york, david gilmour has today released a very special live version of the first single from ‘luck and strange’, ‘the piper’s call’.
‘the piper’s call live around the world’ is a digital only release and was recorded at the brighton centre, circus maximus in rome, the royal albert hall in london, the intuit dome in los angeles and madison square garden in new york and edited together by gilmour, charlie andrew and matt glasbey to form one seamless track recorded throughout the ‘luck and strange’ tour. you can listen to the newly released track by clicking this link.
david gilmour: “on the luck and strange tour, i played with the best band i’ve ever had. their personalities, playing abilities and enthusiasm for my new music have made for a fabulous experience for polly and me. romany’s voice really stands out and has its own particular character, she brings a sense of mischief and fun to the live performance, which i think we needed. thank you to everyone who attended the shows in europe and america and thank you for buying ‘luck and strange’. i hope you found as much enjoyment in the music as we did while performing it.”
the ‘luck and strange’ tour began with two sold-out warm-up shows at the brighton centre before moving to circus maximus in rome for six sold-out nights, followed by the same about at london’s royal albert hall before moving stateside for sold-out evenings at the intuit dome and hollywood bowl in los angeles before concluding with five sold-out nights at madison square garden in new york. for in-depth coverage on these concerts, click this link to be taken to the luck and strange tour room.
lastly, to coincide with the digital only track release, a video will premiere on david’s youtube channel, today at 4pm uk time, or if you’re reading this and it is past that time, it is available to watch now:
david gilmour - the piper's call live around the worldwatch this video on youtube



posted in news



 


 nick mason & annette mason host annual middlewick house open garden charity event 2025




pink floyd - a fleeting glimpse

posted on 09/12/2024  by  tony r10/12/2024



each year, nick and annette mason open their gardens at middlewick house in corsham, wiltshire in aid of the wiltshire and bath air ambulance charity and the wiltshire bobby van trust, which annette is a vice patron of.
guests can wander around the beautiful gardens and menagerie of animals, as well as seeing a selection of nick mason’s classic and high performance cars. last year, a remarkable 4,500 people of all ages came to see the gardens and an incredible £40,000 was raised and split between the two charities. 
the family-friendly weekend includes plenty of stalls to browse, with lots of items for sale, including jewellery, plants, candles and art.
this years event will take place on 7-8 june, 2025 – buy tickets here.



posted in news



 


post navigation
← older posts







official links 
 


 


 gone but not forgotten









click here for worldwide purchase options






david gilmour's new album
luck & strange


usa

cd / vinyl / blu-ray / lp deluxe  / cd deluxe 


uk

cd / vinyl / blu-ray / lp deluxe  / cd deluxe 




everything under the sun:
the complete guide to pink floyd
read our review | amazon usa 
 



 

col meeting roger waters, in the flesh tour 2002col meeting roger waters, dark side of the moon tour 2007col meeting roger waters, dark side of the moon tour 2008col meeting storm thorgeson, taken by storm exhibition 2008col meeting guy pratt, breakfast of idiots shows 2009col meeting roger waters, us & them tour 2018col meeting nick mason's saucerful of secrets, echoes tour 2023

as a convenience to you we are providing these amazon links usa | uk | canada

we are a participant in the amazon services llc associates program,
an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to amazon.com and affiliated sites.

faq & help guide | privacy policy | cookies | dedications | contact 


col turner - technical support. founder of this site back in june 1998. pink floyd fan since 1966.tony rapata - editorial. tony has an incredible knowledge of pink floyd that goes back  years.you want news? tony has got it.julie skaggs -
historian/audiophile.  written numerous acclaimed articles and interviews.  opinionated but fair.natalie lyons - books & magazines. we're betting that there is not a pink floyd article that natalie has not read!christopher hyzy - art director. you can see christopher's stunning artwork on this site. an artist beyond compare.



articles published between january 2017 until late april 2023 are thanks to liam creedon.
 

©2025 - pink floyd - a fleeting glimpse  
 - weaver xtreme theme privacy policy  
 

↑
 









 


