


mountain gorilla conservation fund - mgcf

























home page

about the mgcf

why are we doing this
honorary doctorate
founder ruth keesling

mgcf projects

rkwhr center
vets - field medicine
success stories


the gorillas

about mountain gorillas
faqs
photo galleries
discovery of mtn. gorillas
history of the mtn. gorilla
about africa


silverback store

silverback jewelry
silverback products


connect with us

contact us
donations
gorilla events
newsletter
facebook
































announcement:
we are saddened to announce the passing of thomas keesling, 
a long time board member of the mgcf. 

obituary
donations





 
									

the mountain gorilla conservation fund (mgcf) is dedicated to the conservation and protection of the critically endangered mountain gorillas in africa, their habitat, and working with the people around the national parks. we have been doing this ever since dian fossey asked for help back in 1983.
									 
it's working
									when ruth keesling took over the work after dr. dian fossey's murder there were only 248 known mountain gorillas in the world. none of these animals are in captivity. today, there are an estimated 880 alive and that makes them the only great ape that is posting a positive increase in their population numbers.

									 
veterinary medicine and education
mgcf introduced wildlife veterinary medicine back in 1986 through the mountain gorilla veterinary project or gorilla doctors. in 1996, mgcf developed a working relationship with the makerere university in kampala, uganda and opened the warm department (wildlife animal resources management) for the teaching of wildlife medicine to the africans make the project self sustainable. today, many students have graduated and are working with wildlife in many national parks around the central african region. these veterinarians have also created an organization called, the uganda wildlife veterinary network. it turns out that on-site vets are one of the biggest reasons that these animals are making a comeback. more info

									 
ruth keesling wildlife health and research center
a first of its kind for africa's wildlife. opened in september 2015, the facility has drastically increased the educational support system for teaching african's about wildlife veterinary medicine. the center has a state of the art lecture facility for large class room capacity. two research laboratory building which house a total of eighteen labs all designed for researching wildlife infectious diseases. the fourth building is designed for grant research and post graduate office space. the basement houses the bio hazard lab for the safe containment of wildlife infectious diseases and monitored by usaid's predict professional staff. more info

									 




 
												














 
									













									 
									

silverback project overview
complete info
_____________________
mgcf fundraisers:












cincinnati




									sip and save a gorilla.








									50% of proceeds donated.










						 

						



connect




 facebook


 twitter


 gorilla run youtube


 contact us





.
						


























© copyright 2021,   mountain gorilla conservation fund,   all rights reserved.

    











.

