

circus of the kids


























































as seen on cnn









	welcome to circus of the kids, the place where kids are stars!

	since 1982, we've taken our special mix of learning, exercise, character building and just plain fun to more than 600,000 youngsters across the u.s., teaching circus arts at schools, resorts, and summer camps.  our offerings span the spectrum, from one-day workshops and school assemblies to full-fledged residencies lasting several weeks.  all of the longer programs are capped by one or more professional quality performances starring --you guessed it -- (drum roll please)… - your kids!

	we invite you to take a tour of our website and learn more about us -- who we are, how we originated, what we do. in the ensuing pages, you can also find out where we are now and directions to current and upcoming performances, ticket information, and contact information for clients who've worked with us.  teachers might like to check out our circus across the curriculum page, detailing our circus-themed classroom studies program.  if you're an educator or entertainer interested in possible employment, be sure to visit the join us page. and while you're at it, you might want to meet our staff.

	if you are a current or recent student or parent and want to find out what's going on with us now, check out our local announcements by clicking on the announcements link.  if you've appeared in a recent circus performance and want to see your pictures, they're here too. you can even order copies, as well as dvds of the show, right from our web store.

	and, if you're a principal or recreation director interested in bringing us to your school, resort or camp, you'll find that booking is a snap.  you can do it all right online.

	by the way, although our main audience is school-age kids, we can bring circus to "children" of any age (which, of course, includes adults).

	thanks for visiting.  see you under the big top!

































					please help
cotk by
					donating today



















































			 

			copyright 2025 circus of the kids




