




north bay housing coalition – simplify the process















































skip to content


















finding home
welcome home
housing partners
about
contact
 






























toggle menu


























simplifying the process
for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities.






housing access services
north bay housing coalition helps to address your housing needs to help achieve both short and long-term housing stability and security. through our specialized housing access services program we support individuals served by north bay regional center, including those who are:

living in a family home
residing in a community care licensed (ccl) facility or intermediate care facility (icf)
at risk of losing housing (e.g., facing eviction notices or verbal warnings)
living in transitional housing
experiencing homelessness
at imminent risk of homelessness per hud’s definition


imminent risk of homelessness
a person or family who will imminently lose their primary nighttime residence, meaning all of the following: 

their residence will be lost within 14 days of the date of their application for homelessness assistance;
they have not identified a subsequent residence; and
they lack the resources and support networks needed to obtain other permanent housing.

source: homelessness eligibility and documentation policy

housing access services are based on an individual housing plan that we will help you to develop, which is based on your unique needs and desires. part of these services include creating a new renter portfolio. your new renter portfolio includes your apartment applications, income verification and identification documents. we also offer courses on budgeting for your new home, and understanding your lease.
more information




pathwaysnorth bay housing coalition’s pathways program is rooted in over 22 years of experience in housing access services, designed to support adults living in family homes. we have  developed our unique pathways program with a curriculum to guide families in planning for long-term support.this program is now integrated into north bay regional center’s coordinated family support program, assisting families in establishing long-term goals, discovering resources, and creating action plans for when family caregiving may diminish.




what’s important to me
this values exercise will help you pinpoint what is important to you! this is a great jumping-off point for conversations and decision-making.
begin the values exercise









north bay regional center: for individuals and families
what is a regional center?am i eligible for regional center services?how do i contact north bay regional center?
we partner closely with north bay regional center to support people with intellectual/developmental disabilities. if you wish to receive our services, you need to become a client of north bay regional center. 
navigating this system can be complex and overwhelming. we suggest you start here to learn more about north bay regional center.
north bay regional center website


north bay regional center service coordinators, contact us for our resource packet





watch: north bay regional center – our vital coalition partner
play

















contact
707-200-6553info@northbayhousing.org


address
333 sunset avenue, suite 120suisun city, ca 94585


click icon for more info about disability rights
click icon for more info on equal housing opportunities











© 2025 north bay housing coalition.  privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility statement
 










scroll to top
scroll to top
 












finding home
welcome home
housing partners
about
contact
 
















