







xray lab - paul davies artist









 quick links

artist statement
curriculum vitae
contact sheet
selected references
show exhibition timeline
mail : pdavies@xraylab.org


 small projects





shiny red log


a log i made to create a sculpture with the woodsman of shandaken but in the end didn't feel like it. 
      so now it's just a shiny red log. 10 coats of automotive lacquer.
atomium 09


first art made in antwerp, a lino cut print of the
      atomium
unelect 08


some (anti) john mccain posters for 2008.
topsy


electro-mechanical animation of thomas edison electrocuting topsy. 
      shown at exit art.
one lap = 1/3 mile


silly video for artistswanted at 3rd ward (bushwick)
unfortunate occurrence


a reprise of the inflate/unfortunate occurrence installation with 
      leslie clague at a one night show  in pittsburgh
woodsman of shandaken


a video/photo collaboration with sarah lippek at a weekend retreat at
      free103point9's 
      wave farm.
blu-26b


i have begun to cast a limited edition of 665 of these anti-personnel bomblets. all together they make one cbu-24. god bless america.
twisty passages

a little 
      formal piece about zork i for a show called
      
      game overture ii put on by
      free103point9
half full of blood

i have cast 50 statue of 
      liberties in clear and red resin for the second annual *shoebox series* which is a benefit show 
    in support of bridge magazine.jazz shifter


galen joseph-hunter of
      free103point9 asked me if i would like to make a sculpture for the 
      assembled: free jazz+electronics music event and i was very happy to 
      come up with the jazz shifter.
unelect 04



i have been working on some screen prints with sarah lippek. this is 
      the first few of the series. posted as giant+roadmaster. recently linked by the
      
      wooster 
      collective.

siggraph 2004




      i am showing 2 pieces at siggraph this year:
      some areas under video surveillance 
      and a new piece, dhs safety vest.

tune(in))) santa fe



      i performed in the radio play the lost journals of nikola tesla 
created by sarah lippek and neurotransmitter for
    
    tune(in))) santa fe, a transmitted performance event arranged by
    free103point9.
      


citylink reference
sarah found a
      
      great interview i did with rob ray for citylink 
      newspaper (an arts and entertainment weekly in chicago).
where is my luggage?


a proposal for a permanent public sculpture at the seatac airport 
      luggage claim with craig miller.
fat baby greets skinny baby


something stupid for the annual soil benefit auction. it's shiny and 
      made from garbage.
end of hostilities




a small piece for
      bridge magazine's 
      benefit show *shoebox series*. the situation in iraq is getting worse.
version>03
i'm giving a workshop on interactive sculpture at this years version 
      conference (held in chicago at the museum of contemporary art and the 
      cultural center) and i am showing 
some areas under video surveillance. 
      hope you can make it. get the
      powerpoint slide deck.
 
 
        




 

x r a y  l a b  
 



current projects
small worlds


lost luggage
after moving to antwerp belgium i am embarking on a series of dioramas 
      and photographs using the medium to tell stories. 
the curious furniture of ned troide


ac/dc shifter - ned troide - weiner roller
ned troide was singularly famous for scoring 72,999,975 points on the 
      video game defender, the highest score ever recorded. what is less known 
      is that he also created a curious set of heavy metal end tables.
prayer antenna



a new religious artifact for the transmission ii: airborne show at the
      new museum of contemporary art 
      presented by free103point9. the
      airborne site
a new type of unfortunate 
      occurrence



      an interactive environment that explores issues surrounding genetic 
      research and its potentially disastrous outcomes by paul davies, leslie 
      clague, jake woland and nick chapman. constructed at the tank nyc / 
      spaceworks and open until dec 20, 2004 (open almost all the time 7 days 
      week).
small humans



i am currently working on a series of interactive video sculptures 
      titled small humans. the sculptures are about technological folly and 
      feature small pluggable lcd video screens. i am also working on a series 
      of digital c prints based 
      on video stills. i have written a more detailed
      thematic description and 
      scanned a set of slides.
new! some of this work was shown in my 
    first nyc solo show at the
    
    free103point9 gallery. pics of the night 
    are here.
small humans is generously supported by grants from the city of chicago 
      and the canada council for the arts.
american iron



i am about half way through a new series called american iron. it's a 
      series of engines from american muscle cars of the 60s and 70s. the 
      picture above is a 1971 dodge charger 426 cid 'street hemi' - one of the 
      great monsters that predated the gas crisis. the engines are modeled in 
      1/25 scale plastic resin and displayed in plexiglass cases with wood bases 
      and brass name plates. i am also photographing the engines with a medium 
      format camera and printing these very large - as close to 1-1 scale for 
      the real engines as i can.
dumbo pod


a rooftop sculpture created with jake woland and rob roy 
      chalmers.

hermit


an outdoor urban sculpture created by myself, morrison lyman, and rob 
      ray. this was created on the side of a community center that is scheduled 
      for demolition.
tornado


new! some new high 
      quality photos shot by pro photo-journalist
      stephanie sinclair.
tornado is a dynamic, interactive environment that mixes architectural 
      sculpture, found objects, sound, video and light. tornado evokes the idea, 
      energy and volume of the tornado storm in it's physical definition of 
      space and form. this literal evocation is layered on top of a cultural 
      tornado of mix and mixing interactive sound, music, video, and cultural 
      artifact. 
very similar in spirit and practice to the 
6 really great round beakers show - 
      this environment was built in the 
deadtech gallery in chicago in 
      feb of 2002 by paul davies, craig miller, tyler cufley, tina burton, jesse 
      paul miller, leslie clague and rob ray.
furniture


i have made some furniture from time to time - i use steel and epoxy 
      resin. these photos are from the artcore studios tattoo shop in seattle. 
      the steel is gas welded and finished with an angle grinder and the top is 
      epoxy resin poured over plywood. the epoxy is very shiny and retains a 
      liquid appearance when hard.
american dream, help 
      the president decide, the president knows what he is doing
three anti-war pieces i created out of feelings of anger, fear and 
      disbelief with the current social and political climate in the united 
      states. these pieces where shown at the october edition of randy wood's 
      one night only, 11 shows in 11 months.

weapons
  americans need: shopping cart prototype


an armored shopping cart designed
  to protect americans from americans. inspired by the fantastic sculpures of
  kenji yanobe. recently released to freedom in the parking lot of an abandoned 
      red apple grocery. my friend sarah lippek took a few snaps before the 
      shopping cart was captured and taken away by children.
motivational device for an american citizen


a handy miniature video player worn in a wrist strap. a looping video 
      keeps you reminded what it's all about. created for the 'first war of the 
      new millennium' show at soil gallery (may, 2002). many thanks to my sister 
      pam davies for her help on this project.
pill dispenser
a simple pill dispenser - put a quarter in and a pill comes out. this 
      piece continues with my use of surplus plywood toolboxes from boeing 
      surplus and white epoxy resin. created for the noodle works invitational.
pr0n star trading cards and 
      mini-video cd's
matt from houston gallery was generous enough to ask the soil crew to have 
      a show at houston while we were between spaces. after some debate the soil 
      membership agreed to create work that reflected the sensibilities of the 
      houston gallery. the working title was 'ultra-flat, super-bad'. i created 
      something that was ultra-flat and super-bad.
first war of the new millennium: epilogue
a sculpture created for the 2002 artist trust charity auction. consists 
      of a white epoxy covered plywood toolbox from boeing surplus. a one inch 
      round hole in the surface permits visitors to insert their finger and have 
      it stamped with a unique serial number. get your number.
inflate


i recently finished 
inflate, an
      interactive inflated environment. created with leslie clague, rachel
      johnston, sarah morris, sean vale, brent watanabe, and mark johnson. shown
      at soil for
      november 2001; we are thinking about taking it on the road.
past projects

high clearance vehicle a crazy steel vehicle powered by a 4 stroke gas engine i built for burning
      man 2001 - never worked all that well but it looked good.
cock monitor a collaboration with jennifer west - i built the monitor which features
      a high gloss epoxy finish with a cock handle, red velvet and a 3 inch lcd.
      jen did her regular crazy, perverse, synthetic/organic video.
kathryn 1, 2, 3, a set of 3 full body portraits created by taking many close up 
  photos with a polaroid camera.
magnified window/under my skin episode
      1, a collaboration with video artist jennifer west that combines jen's
      freaky- synthetic-surreal videos of something metal bursting through
      something organic (this time slinkys through green dyed agar-agar) with a
      pair of video monitors i created. shown
      for (possibly the last) fuzzy engine
      opening faux natural.
6 really great round beakers, i was 
        lucky enough to be invited by craig miller to participate in the 
        collaborative construction of a beautiful, immersive, interactive 
        installation. a mix of architectural forms, natural materials, found and 
        synthetic sounds and interactive elements. 
        
some areas under video 
        surveillance, an interactive video installation that let members of 
        the gallery audience wear wireless video cameras and paired wireless 
        video monitors. the result was an environment in which one couldn't know 
        when a camera might be recording one's image, where that image was being 
        transmitted to or who was observing it; ubiquitous, arbitrary 
        surveillance. welcome to contemporary urban life.

      i am not afraid
  of the dark, a night light for those a little unsure of what is under the bed.
  produced to accompany the opening night of the fuzzy
  engine show mania.
        

weapons
  americans need: shopping cart prototype an armored shopping cart designed
  to protect americans from americans. inspired by the fantastic sculpures of
  kenji yanobe.
        

empty
  your pockets a playful instrument created from four metal detecting wands
  from the airport. created to be shown at market st studios in conjunction with
  the november fuzzy engine show. shown
  a second time at the the circus of the new year show at the
  commencement art gallery in tacoma.
        

burning
  man in 4 space a 3 dimensional diagram of burning man in 4 dimensional space
  created for and displayed at burning man
  2000. also - my pictures from burning man.

soylent
  green 1 & 2 portraits of my mom and dad. yum.
        
error:
  data underflow is my latest show which included three pieces: 
        opaque, bandwidth and 
        quantification of
  humans. error was presented at deadtech
  in chicago in november of 99.
dark
  noon is a collaboration between choreographer deborah birrane,
  installation artist paul davies and composer dave vormittag. this original
  performance had its first showing as part of artsedge 99.
sensebus
  is a networked interactive environment created collaboratively by the artists
  pf the art and robotics group.
  this project was partially based on the original 
        sensebus
  proposal for the space
  probe project [download the sample
  code] (this is a reworking of the original 
        sense
  bus idea) this implementation was featured in the arg
  show in march of 99. sensenet is
  a more ambitious proposal that will allow artworks in different cities to
  communicate across the internet.
interactive
  film cut-up is an idea for an interactive film installation that i am
  proposing for the 911 media center window. it allows the public to compose an
  interactive film from the outside of a window. ifc was installed in the 911
  media center window during march 1999.
quantification
  of humans is a measuring device. this interactive installation was
  produced for the space probe work in progress show. (space probe is being
  sponsored by the art and
  robotics group at interaccess).
persistent
  invisible fields an interactive environment based on 
        radiation
  room that explores more general issues of electromagnetic fields.
  persistent invisible fields was shown in the group show aurora universalis, in
  feburary of 1998, sponsored by interaccess.
bandwidth
  an interactive electric-media installation exploring issues of information
  poverty. bandwidth was first shown at the 1997 third
  rail.
message
  is an interactive sculpture that features the reuse of digital audio message
  pads. message was shown at the 1997 parkdale outdoor art fesitval, artbeat 97,
  and at third rail.
flash
  jacket an electric media wearable sculpture. this work was originally
  prototyped for a video that never got made, but was shown at the 1997 third
  rail.
martyred
  saints four musical compositions written by dave vormittag based on cubist
  paintings of mine. a cd of the four compositions, plus a multimedia track was
  released in november, 1996.
radiation
  room an interactive environment. this piece was exhibited at my first show
  which marked the inauguration of apocalypse
  gallery.









