






alphee lavoie's astrology software


























































skip to content




alphee lavoie's astrology software


toggle navigation





home
classes
software
books

new–alphee’s horary astrology, the master’s work
horary at its best!
lose this book…..and find it with horary
horary lectures
four paths to god


counselling

alphee counseling
carol counselling


articles
about us

alphee lavoie bio
carol lavoie


shop
contact us
cart













welcome to air software
the astrological institute of research (air) has provided astrology software since 1979.  alphee lavoie has been a full-time professional astrologer since 1965.  he was the first to offer astrology research software in 1980.  the astroinvestigators started in 2002 and have provided many research studies and articles to the astrological community.











 



alphee’s trading system 1, 2 and 3 are available for sale!
 
 
 





the alphee trading system was designed for the nonprofessional stock traders who want to make some money trading the stock market. i put in 40 years of my stock market research in this program. it has some real good forecasting modules. i designed it also to find out when to get into a stock and went to get out of it. you can put a list of stocks and then find out which one you should buy and sell for a quick and fast profit. another great feature of the program is to watch your mutual fund, dividend funds, or any stocks in your ira or 401(k). you can see months in advance what the stocks that you are in will do.
learn about alphee’s trading system here
learn about alphee’s trading system 2 here
learn about alphee’s trading system 3 here
 

 
 
 
 


new book!
alphee’s horary astrology, the master’s work
 
 
 





this is alphee’s newest and latest horary book. it is a true milestone in horary astrology. with over 50 charts delineated this volume of work covers many exciting examples. watch as you see the simplicity of his approach as he unravels the secrets in the chart.  alphee has also included a very important section in this book entitled,  ‘learning the language of astrology’. this section teaches you the correct houses to use in order to arrive at the correct answer. he gives examples for what is ruled by each of the 12 houses.  he then goes on to instruct you in the important topic of timing and other salient points. this book is perfect for the astrologer who is smitten with the magic of the art of horary!
learn more here


 
 
 
 
  










© 2020 - alphee lavoie























