



















nursing major | luther college































































 





 
skip to navigation
skip to search
skip to main content
skip to footer links




request information
visit
apply
 
information for
current students
faculty and staff
alumni and friends
parents and families
 
give today




search



luther college






















menu


academics
admission & aid
athletics
music
student life
 
request information
visit
apply
give today


information for
current students
faculty and staff
alumni and friends
parents and families







search
enter keywords below.




frequently searched keywords:

academic calendar
housing & dining
book shop
contact information
library




close search









nursing

					major				




menu


ccne accreditation
curriculum
department information
faculty and staff








home > academics > nursing 




learn more
we'd like to send you some information about luther college.captchathis site is protected by recaptcha and the google
    privacy policy and
    terms of service apply.
  





















be on the front lines of patient care. connect with patients so they can thrive. as a nursing major, you will learn the skills you need to be a leader in the medical field.
request information
why study nursing?
nurses are an essential part of our growing healthcare system. their roles have evolved past bedside care. they now make medical decisions, advocate for patients, create health protocols, and more.
the complex and expensive u.s. healthcare system has created a need for even more excellent, compassionate health care providers. nurses now provide in-home visits, long-term care, and telehealth appointments.
become a nurse who cares for patients, helps prevents diseases and promotes healthy habits in our communities.
why study nursing at luther college?
many healthcare facilities now require nurses to have a bachelor’s degree since there are demonstrated benefits of increased safety, decreased patient mortality, and shorter lengths of stay. completing luther’s nursing major will give you a clinical and competitive edge.
we believe learning happens both in and out of the classroom. from the first year of the program, you will train in regional hospitals and long-term care facilities. our relationships with local clinics, the world-renowned mayo clinic, nottingham national health service, and roatan’s health clinics will allow you to experience nursing in a variety of national, international, rural, and urban settings.
finally, our commitment to the liberal arts means our graduates are not only skilled nurses but leaders who help transform the face of modern health care. you will be an excellent nurse who knows how to work professionally, empathetically, and ethically.










program highlights






						hospital partnerships					

during your senior year, you’ll train at the world-renowned mayo clinic. the hospital and its affiliates, rochester methodist and saint marys, are in rochester, minnesota.





						summer program in nottingham					

take the opportunity to study nursing in nottingham, england! attend classes while working in clinical settings overseas. you’ll also get to go on excursions to nearby communities, local landmarks, and even a weekend trip to london. read an article about the experience.




											serving in the community									
collaborate with local agencies as you practice your calling as a nurse. you’ll serve all age groups while working with regional churches, human services organizations, and community clinics.









what you’ll learn
your first year at luther provides a foundation in the liberal arts and sciences. you will be assigned a faculty advisor to guide you through the curriculum.
sophomore year
your beginning nursing courses will emphasize the scientific and psychological foundations of nursing. these courses will prepare you for the art and science of nursing courses in subsequent years.
junior year
you will take an array of concentrated nursing courses. topics include health promotion across the lifespan, pharmacology in nursing, and leadership. you will study in a variety of settings, including regional hospitals and our on-campus clinical simulation center. these learning experiences will help you develop communication and interpersonal skills as well as high-level nursing care for patients.
senior year
your senior year will continue to immerse you in the practice of nursing, this year at luther’s campus in rochester, minnesota. you will live and learn with your fellow nursing students as well as luther students from other majors. at the same time, you will take classes and do clinical work at sites including rochester methodist hospital and saint marys hospital, affiliates of the mayo clinic; the federal medical center; and a variety of community-based healthcare agencies. you will care for women, children, and adults with physical and emotional health needs. you will prepare for your future as a nurse during preceptor clinicals, where you work one-on-one with an experienced nurse.
curriculum






careers and outcomes

as a graduate of luther’s nursing program, you will be ready to work in a variety of healthcare settings. on average, 95% of our students find jobs within one year of graduation. in 2023, luther nursing graduates achieved a 90% pass rate on the nursing licensing exam (nclex-rn).



career fields

staff nurse in various types of specialty areas such as obstetrics, surgery, medicine, psychiatry, pediatrics
school nurse
public health nurse
industrial nurse
army, navy, air force nurse



employers

mayo clinic
university of iowa hospitals and clinics (iowa city, ia)
children’s hospitals and clinics (twin cities, mn)
university of minnesota hospital (minneapolis, mn)
mercy medical center (des moines, ia)









your degree also provides a strong foundation for advanced nursing degrees. those careers include:

nurse anesthetist
pediatric nurse practitioner
college/university professor
family nurse practitioner
nurse administrator
psychiatric nurse practitioner
case manager









			support for luther nurses		

the luther student nurses association supports nursing students through fellowship and fun. it will help you navigate the nursing major while making friends in the process. they’re here to support you!


luther student nurses association














			nursing simulation center		

the nursing simulation center (nsc) offers a highly contextualized, complex, ever-changing environment that closely mimics what nurses encounter in real life. it includes simulation manikins that emulate human patients (they even respond verbally!) in a realistic setup that includes three distinct patient rooms to approximate part of a hospital or care floor. audio-visual equipment records simulations and allows faculty and students to highlight things that went well or find opportunities to improve.












direct entry program for high school students
high achieving high school students have the opportunity to be directly admitted into the luther college nursing major as first-year students.
criteria:

students must achieve a minimum of a 3.3 high school gpa to be eligible.
once students have deposited and enrolled in luther college, all students will need to meet specific criteria during their tenure at luther college.
the first 25 students who’ve been accepted into the direct nursing program and pay their enrollment deposit will receive an additional $1,000 scholarship (for the first year only) as part of luther’s endowed cross scholarship award program.

no deficiencies in the minimum high school course requirements of:

four years of english
three years of mathematics
three years of social science
two years of natural science (including one year of laboratory science)







related programs





 pre-health




 biology




interested in browsing other areas?
back to all programs















luther college









































700 college drive
decorah, iowa 52101 usa


maps & directions
contact us


about luther
book shop
departments
directory
events
jobs at luther
news
offices
our mission


maps & directions
contact us





















it is the policy of luther college to provide equal educational opportunities and equal access to facilities for all qualified persons. the college does not discriminate in employment, educational programs, and activities on the basis of age, color, creed, disability, ethnicity, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal or state law.

back to top




emergency information
privacy statement
title ix
report a problem
 © luther college. all rights reserved.
















 


