








home - endoexperience


























































for patients

endodontics

what is endodontics?
conventional treatment
cracked tooth
surgical endodontics
retreatment
alternatives to endodontics
implants


about dr. kaufmann
in an emergency
our office


for referring doctors
the endofiles

search the endofiles
endofiles cabinet
cases of the month
products i use

diagnosis
pretreatment
clean and shape
irrigation
retreatment
obturation
magnification & ergonomics
surgery
software


beyond the terminus (youtube)
the endofiles oped
books i like
dedication to dr. herbert schilder


contact














refer a patient

patient login

dentist login











 




















welcome tothe endoexperience

discover how surprisingly comfortable the endoexperience can be. endodontic treatment is possible without delays. patients in discomfort should not have to wait for competent clinical care.
we love helping our patients. the endoexperience is part diagnosis, part treatment, part education and a unique health care encounter. (we love our music and we hope you do too. requests welcomed. but feel free to bring your own if you like!)





for patients



for dentists







refer a patient today
referring a patient is only one click away.

click here to refer a patient

if you are new to the endoexperience and wish to become a referring doctor click here to register









what we believe

through the use of modern technology, sound biologic principles and clinical skill, endodontic treatment should be as routine as any other dental procedure.



















about dr. kaufmann
dr. kaufmann was a born and raised winnipegger. he took his initial training at the university of manitoba and graduated with a dmd in 1980. he practiced as a general dentist in winnipeg’s north end until 1984.
dr. kaufmann obtained his specialty certificate (cags)  and his master’s degree (mscd in endodontics at boston university in 1986, where he studied under dr. herbert schilder, the originator of the vertical compaction of warm gutta percha technique.  
dr. kaufmann believes that when clinicians “do the right thing”, not only do his patients get better, but clinicians’ skills and judgment improve with that experience.

35+ years of trust & dedication
35 years as a specialist and some 40,000 cases later, that philosophy continues to be the hallmark of his practice.

learn more





meet team endoexperience





dr. kaufmann is proud of the highly skilled, caring, and compassionate team that he assembled to take care of you. his 4 team members (all registered phase 2 dental assistants) have  a combined over 70 years of experience in endodontic specialty practice. they share dr. kaufmann’s philosophy of clinical excellence, combined with a sincere desire to make your time with us as pleasant as possible.





meredith
reception & ph. 2 assistant
meredith has almost 2 decades  of experience in both front end (reception) and clinical areas of endodontics. she will be glad to help you with any questions you have about scheduling your appointment and financial/insurance inquiries.



trina
ph 2 assistant
trina initially worked as an assistant in a general dental practice and has been a endodontic assistant to dr. kaufmann  for  15 years. she presently serves as the president of the manitoba dental assistants association  (2021).





kim
reception & ph 2 assistantkim is our most experienced team member. aside from the two years that dr. kaufmann spent in graduate school, they have worked together for almost 40 years! kim will be glad to also help you with scheduling and financial matters and will sometimes assist dr. kaufmann with treatment as well.
 




monique
ph 2 assistantmonique has been a endodontic assistant to dr. kaufmann for over a decade. monique’s relaxed demeanor and quiet confidence will help to  ensure that your time with us is memorable, in a good way!








deicated to providing
high quality services





diagnosis & consultation

endodontists are keen diagnosticians.  dentists sometimes run into situations where the diagnosis is unclear or they need assistance with treatment planning and patient management. endodontists are experts in diagnosing oral pain and providing answers. your unique situation is assessed and explained to you in detail so that you and your dentist can make an informed decision about what suits you best. diagnosis involves assessment of your oral condition both physically and radiographically, using the most modern tools available.
part of the consultation involves educating the patient about teeth. this is important because there are many misconceptions about endodontics, the effects of treatment on the tooth and patient responsibilities after treatment is completed. properly educated patients gain a better appreciation for what is required in order to preserve their investment.

learn more





endodontics (root canal therapy)

most of the services we perform involve routine endodontic treatment. these cases can frequently done in a single appointment (depending on the situation). if the tooth requires subsequent reconstruction, it is properly temporized and your dentist is sent a report immediately after you leave the office.  in other situations, dr. kaufmann is asked to close the tooth with a permanent restoration after the endodontics is completed.  this will be explained in the initial consultation with dr. kaufmann.

learn more





retreatment

endodontics has a very high success rate when performed with skill and care. however, there are occasions where revisions of original treatment may be necessary if the area does not heal adequately or shows signs of treatment failure.  most often, the root canal procedure is performed “conventionally” ( through the tooth, similarly to the original treatment). however, sometimes it is necessary to “disassemble” the existing restoration to allow this to be done. in that case, your dentist will need to provide a new reconstruction, but only after there is evidence of eventual treatment success.

learn more





surgical endodontics

in rare instances, conventional treatment or retreatment is impossible due to previous treatment, inability to disassemble or anatomic considerations. in that case, access and visual inspection of the actual end of the tooth is necessary. the procedure is essentially a “microsurgery”, performed at the root end and any problems are addressed directly.  patients are frequently surprised how comfortable the post op period can be. dr. kaufmann provides a detailed explanation before and after the procedure. you will be provided with all necessary information regarding postop care of the area as well.

learn more







refer a patient today
optimal patient results are best be obtained with good communication between the dentist and specialist. if you or your staff have any questions about the status of a case, please do not hesitate to contact us.

send a patient today



 










location suite 710 500 portage ave. winnipeg, mb r3c 3x1



phone (204) 783-2971



fax (204) 786-7467



email info@endoexperience.com









for patients
for referring doctors
the endofiles
contact














sitemap | privacy policy | admin login

the endoexperience. all rights reserved.



 






















