













home | vegnet





















































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



vegnet 

vegnet
https://vegnet.osu.edu




college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences












search form

search 





 

 

menu





 

homenewslettercrop productionproduction guidebudgets and marketspollinationcover cropshigh tunnelspost-harvestphoto galleryaphidsarmywormasparagus beetleblister beetlecabbage maggotcabbagewormcarrot weevilcolorado potato beetlecorn earwormcucumber beetles and corn rootwormscutwormscyclamen miteeuropean corn borerfall armywormflea beetlesgarden springtailharlequin bughornwormladybird beetles (ladybugs)leafminermexican bean beelteone-spotted stink bugparsleywormsap beetleseedcorn maggotsquash bugsquash vine borerthripsyellow-striped armywormpest managementinsectstrap reportsdiseasesweedsvegetable trialsgalleriesvideosprogramseventspast eventscalendarcontact usteam memberssubscribe 













        corn earworm moth is a major pest of sweet corn. take a look at recent trap catches.       

        vegnet is the premier information outlet for all ohio vegetable growers, and is produced by osu department specialists and...      

        read more »
      










        spotted wing drosophila larvae salt test       

        vegnet is the premier information outlet for all ohio vegetable growers, and is produced by osu department specialists and...      

        read more »
      










        downy mildew on pumpkin       

        vegnet is the premier information outlet for all ohio vegetable growers, and is produced by osu department specialists and...      

        read more »
      









 
 
 





 




home






the vegnet website and newsletter are the premier outlet for pest management and production information on vegetables in ohio, and is supported by knowledgeable and experienced specialist's and extension educators in the areas of entomology, horticulturre, weed science, and plant pathology.
update: as of the end of 2016, the newsletters at this site serve only an archive function, as the newsletter has been converted to a blog site where articles are posted. to view the blog, follow this link http://u.osu.edu/vegnetnews/.
if you want to subscribe to the vegnet news blog to get updates on posts on vegetable production and pest management from osu faculty and extension educators, follow this link (http://u.osu.edu/vegnetnews/) and enter your email into the red "subscribe" button on the lower right hand side of the webpage.
 



 



news



there are currently no news items.



    more news  

 

 







search form

search 





 

 









college of food agriculture and environmental sciences
© 2025, the ohio state university



college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
	vegnet
	1512 south us highway 68, suite b100
	urbana, oh 43078
	phone: 937-484-1526 

 

accessibility accommodation

  if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map








give now
login
 

 





the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati







 












