



entertainment and celebrity news, tv news and breaking news - tv guide





                                                                                                  x   close ad     join or sign in sign in to customize your tv listings continue with facebook continue with email   by joining tv guide, you agree to our terms of use and acknowledge the data practices in our privacy policy.       live & upcoming  live & upcoming tv schedulenew tonightstreaminglive sports new this month the ultimate guide to what to watch on netflix, hulu, prime video, max, and more in february 2025 new and upcoming hulu shows and movies new and upcoming netflix shows and movies what's new on and coming to max and hbo everything new on and coming to amazon prime video shopping  shopping disney+, hulu, and espn+ bundle reviewbest vpnroku vs amazon fire stickamazon prime video review the latest how to watch the oscars 2025: stream the academy awards without cable where to watch 1923 season 2: streaming options & more the white lotus x away collaboration is available now starting at just $55 where to watch impact x nightline: kendrick vs. drake: the feud what to watch  what to watch the new winter 2024-2025 showsthe big winter tv guiderecommendations newsletterthe best shows on netflix right nowthe best shows on hulu right nowthe best shows on prime video right nowthe best shows on hbo max right now if you like... 12 intense thriller shows and movies to watch if you like squid game 8 shows like interview with the vampire to watch if you like interview with the vampire 8 shows like english teacher to watch next 9 shows like elsbeth to watch next news  news latest newsshopping and best tv dealstv recommendations newsletter the latest news on your favorite shows the white lotus season 3 trailer has us booking tickets to thailand everything to know about suits la hbo's harry potter series may come later than we thought the rookie season 7: what's up with chenford? here's what we know about the diplomat season 3     featured news   saturday night live: the top 50 cast members of all time, ranked can you guess who no. 1 is?   5 days ago   american murder: gabby petito: all of the red flags raised in netflix's doc could the van life vlogger's murder have been prevented?   14 hours ago   how to watch all the 2025 oscar nominees at home where to watch wicked, the substance, dune: part two, and more   4 days ago   latest news   yellowstone season 5 part 2: streaming release date, spin-offs, and everything else to know the duttons will live on 
      lauren piester
      14 hours ago  american murder: gabby petito: all of the red flags raised in netflix's doc could the van life vlogger's murder have been prevented? 
      amber dowling
      14 hours ago  new paramount+ movies and shows in february 2025 what's that buzz? it's the return of yellowjackets! 
      tim surette
      17 hours ago  landman season 1 is now available for preorder on dvd & blu-ray no season 2 news yet, but landman season 1 is up for preorder with exclusive extras. preorder your copy now. 
      tyler schoeber
      2 days ago  where to watch suits la: premiere date, streaming services, & more wondering where to watch suits la? here's how to stream the new legal drama live on nbc and on-demand. 
      tyler schoeber
      3 days ago    where to watch nosferatu: coming to peacock on feb. 21 an exclusive extended cut of nosferatu (2024) will start streaming later this month. learn where to watch this special release when it becomes available. 
      tyler schoeber
      3 days ago  all the canceled and renewed tv shows this month (february 2025) xo, kitty is set to return for another semester at kiss 
      tv guide editors
      3 days ago  dexter: original sin's finale leaves burning questions ahead of season 2 will these original dexter characters make an appearance? 
      amber dowling
      3 days ago  the complete guide to winter tv: everything to know about what to watch this season get snowed in with these shows 
      tv guide editors
      3 days ago  the 49 best shows on netflix right now (february 2025) say goodbye to cobra kai 
      tv guide editors
      3 days ago  
        see more
        
 today's netflix top 10 rankingsif you like this show...the 100 best shows on tvrenewed or canceled?editors pick your next favorite show 
      about
     about tv guide newsletters sitemap careers help center 
      policies
     privacy policy terms of use cookie settings 
      get the tv guide app
     app storegoogle play 
      follow us
      
  © 2025 tv guide, a fandom company.
  all rights reserved.
    


