









capricorn society







































 






 






log in to mycap 
 










 






log in to mycap 
 





about 



our story
founded over 50 years ago by our members, for our members
capricorn mutual
your insurance alternative, operating solely for the benefit of its members
our leadership team
leading our team of over 500 staff in supporting you
our directors
committed to a stronger capricorn, because we're members too 





how we help 



manage cashflow
consolidated accounts mean you have less paperwork to handle and more time to concentrate on running your business
trade with leading suppliers
capricorn's network of preferred suppliers gives you access to everything you need to run and grow your business.
earn and redeem points
capricorn has one of australiasia's most generous rewards programs
protect against risk
consolidate all your risk protection needs through capricorn while still earning capricorn rewards points.
travel with ease
when you book with capricorn travel you can use the reward points you earn to help pay for your trip.
connect with your industry
connect, catch-up and celebrate at our variety of industry events.
improve business efficiency
access vehicle data and other valuable business resources
stay updated
stay up to date with all the latest industry news, offers events and more 




who we help


contact


learn more







50 years strong 

news 

publications 

careers 

corporate documents 





























 


connect. learn. grow.
register now for our upcoming events!

rsvp today


 

 










 

welcome to capricorn societyshare in the benefits of membership in australasia's largest repair industry cooperative.since 1974, we’ve been committed to helping our members thrive. at the heart of this support is our trade account. it makes life easier by providing instant credit and consolidated monthly invoicing for purchases made through our extensive network of preferred suppliers.what’s more, members earn rewards points on every eligible purchase and enjoy a range of additional benefits, all aimed at helping them build and sustain successful businesses.join capricorn 

 










member benefits 

 






trade accountthe most important tool your workshop needs to go further.
more information
 



capricorn rewardsreward yourself, you've earned it.
more information
 



protect against riskprotection and insurance for your business from people in the business.
more information
 



financeinvest in your business growth
more information
 

 
 






 

 






let's celebrate 50 years of capricorn together
  

 





welcome to capricorn 50 years strongthe '50 years strong' celebration features stories from all different people in the capricorn community.



 



customer service fundamentalsthey haven’t changed since 1974.


retainengage 
 










farewell from david frasergroup ceo, shares his final message to the capricorn community. 



 








explore more celebration stories 
 
















contact us


au: 1800 327 437 

nz: 0800 401 444 

online enquiry 

media centre 



 



products


trade account 

capricorn rewards 

protect against risk 

capricorn service data 





legal


corporate documents 

terms & conditions 

privacy policy 

terms of use 





more services


state of the nation 

capricorn insurance 

capricorn mutual 

capricorn travel 


























© capricorn 2025 | abn 29 008 347 313 | nzbn 9429038593185 

 
 






 

