










home page - mctrans center


















































































































































skip to content




demo
download
contact
toggle navigationhcshcs 2025digital twinning & segmentation dboverviewpricingversion historyknowledge basetransyt-7fsupporthsshss 2025overviewpricingversion historyknowledge basesupporttsis-corsimtsis-corsim 2025overviewpricingversion historyknowledge basetransyt-7fsupporttrainingoverviewregisterhighway capacity analysishca self-pacedhighway safety analysismicrosimulation fundamentalstransportation equity fundamentalstraffic engineering fundamentalsin-person trainingnewsaboutabout mctransour teamenglish中文 (简体)
 





home pagemctrans2024-11-20t22:33:15+00:00 

hcs, hss, and tsis-corsim 2025 is now available! learn more →

 








 





hcs suite
3 powerful software. one plan. best value.
learn morewhy mctrans center?

hcm & hsm compliant


prompt & individualized user support


robust & comprehensive analyses scope


fully based on highly peer reviewed research


36+
years of innovation


15,000+
worldwide users


77+
countries using our software


5,400+
hours taught annually

new update
2025 software version now available
new features and expanded capabilities to improve your transportation analysis.
hcs 2025
learn more →
tsis-corsim 2025
learn more →
hss 2025
learn more →
reliability in compliance
we are dedicated to faithfully implementing the methodologies of the hcm. for over three decades, users have relied on hcs to make their analyses comply with hcm. this trust has been built over 35 years of frequent updates and developments to the hcs as new updates to the hcm become available. these range from major releases to the hcm to minor updates (e.g., errata) approved and adopted by the trb committee on highway capacity and quality of service (acp40).
expert-led training
the staff at mctrans is made up of experts with years of experience in the industry. we are pleased to offer multiple training opportunities, including a variety of courses for transportation professionals.
explore courseshighway capacity software (hcs)
join over 15,000 users worldwide who use hcs for surface streets traffic analyses.
 
the highway capacity software (hcs) is a comprehensive tool to analyze roads, including freeways, arterials, and intersections. it uses the us highway capacity manual’s (hcm) methods as its basis. the first version of hcs was released in 1987 (35 years ago!), and since then, a vast number of releases have been made to make sure all hcs users are using the latest methodologies in the hcm.
learn more 
tsis-corsim
a robust and transparent traffic simulation tool.
 
tsis-corsim is a microscopic simulation tool capable of defining and managing traffic analysis projects, defining traffic networks and creating inputs for traffic simulation analyses, executing traffic simulation models, and interpreting the results of those models.
volume 4 of the fhwa’s traffic analysis toolbox (corsim application guidelines) is available on the federal highway administration (fhwa) traffic analysis tools home page.
learn more 
highway safety software (hss)
use a single platform to perform traffic safety and capacity analyses!
the highway safety software (hss) faithfully implements the predictive method of aashto’s 1st edition of the highway safety manual (hsm) and its supplement, hsm 2014, allowing for local and state-level calibration for parameters. the base model to predict crash frequency was built to consider the local infrastructure and operational characteristics.
learn more 




 
 
mctrans center






technical support line
mctrans@ce.ufl.edu
1-800-226-1013
po box 116585
gainesville, fl 32611-6585
support
hcs
hss
tsis-corsim
 stay connected
don’t miss out on updates and trends in the transportation industry.
sign upthis page uses google analytics (google privacy policy) | text-only version | disability services | uf privacy policy |   regulations | copyright © 2025 university of florida. all rights reserved.


 
 
page load link

























































































 


go to top




