





national council for geographic education – enhancing the status and quality of geography teaching and learning.



























































































skip to content









about
events
library
members
store
 

about
events
library
members
store
 







 search


search


 close this search box.

















 









teacherresources
professionaldevelopment
connectingeducators
 

 menu


teacherresources
professionaldevelopment
connectingeducators
 











join today
























 








the opportunity to support geography education is always here! the national council for geographic education (ncge) is dedicated to advancing the quality of geography teaching and learning for all. by joining us, you’re supporting a mission that inspires educators to teach the world about the world. 



















save the date 



 







the 2025 ncge annual conference is heading to omaha, nebraska, from october 17-19! join us for an incredible gathering of geography educators, advocates, and enthusiasts. mark your calendar and get ready to explore, connect, and advance geography education with inspiring sessions, networking, and workshops! 

















registration now open!







early bird special:  register for the conference by january 31, 2025 and receive $50 off*  



*offer only applied to select registration packages 







| featured opportunities 










						connecting educators					

						promote geography through partnerships					













						professional development					

						 learn new skills, share new tools and resources. 					













						teacher resources					

						national geography standards					






additional resources at the ncge resource library 


























ncge membership news 











 





 





 



celebrate 30 years of leadership in geography education with the december issue of ncge field notes!  



explore the legacy of the national geographic leadership institute, valuable k-8 resources from the giants program, and professional development goals for 2025, including webinars, journals, and geocircles. don’t miss early bird registration for the 2025 ncge annual conference in omaha—save $50 if you register by december 31, 2024! plus, discover how you can become an ncge placemaker and contribute to the future of geography education. access the full newsletter 







 



discover the world with ncge! new global learning opportunities await! 



we are thrilled to announce our expanded educational travel program, “ncge around the world.” building on the success of our geocamp initiative, we now offer three incredible professional development trips in 2025: morocco, peruvian amazon and geocamp iceland.  don’t miss this opportunity to gain firsthand knowledge that you can bring back to your classroom. spots are limited, so register today to secure your place and make the most of this incredible learning experience! 











upcoming webinars 












			feb		

			26		








7:00 pm - 8:00 pm  est  



		memory & monuments across the contemporary middle east: empires, nations, and environments	




			webinar		









			mar		

			18		








7:00 pm - 8:00 pm  edt  



		geocircle: session 7	










			apr		

			15		








7:00 pm - 8:00 pm  edt  



		geocircle: session 8	










			may		

			20		








7:00 pm - 8:00 pm  edt  



		geocircle: session 9	









		view calendar	





 




















 






access article











free access to a key article, “geography beyond boundaries: teaching redistricting as an entry point to the broader discipline of geography,”  



this journal, a cornerstone in geography education, not only showcases scholarly work but also emphasizes practical teaching strategies and lesson plans. this article is a perfect example of the journal’s dedication to enhancing geographic knowledge and pedagogy across various educational levels. take advantage of this offer to enrich your teaching methods and engage your students in meaningful geographical exploration.access your complimentary copy now and be a part of the global discussion in geography education! 























						“i encourage all teachers, but especially elementary teachers, to join and participate in the national council for geographic education. your involvement will enrich, renew and reinvigorate you and your teaching.”					


ruth king 






						“through my work with the ncge, i made connections with many award-winning geographic educators. all of my colleagues at ncge contributed in some way to my growth as a geographer and geographic educator, whether it was how to design a quality research proposal, mentoring graduate students and junior faculty, or simply modeling good scholarship.”					


dr. ellen j. foster 






						“a buried treasure! a whole organization of people who see the world with a geographic eye, and want to share it. the conference is an annual highlight where educators from grad school down into grade school share their expertise and value each other’s experience.”					


charlie fitzpatrickk-12 education manager, esri 






						“i can honestly say that my 15 years as a member of ncge and the annual conference with the teachers’ workshop recharges my enthusiasm for geography education each year. i meet life-long friends, dedicated teachers, long-time readers, new readers, and knowledgeable geographers.“
					


barbara s. hildebrandceo 






						“ncge and its membership continue to inspire and challenge me, both professionally and personally.  i have never felt more at home working on geography education projects with colleagues and life-long friends that share the same passion i have for learning about the world and teaching others.”					


audrey mohanceo 






						“as a first year social studies teacher, in a foreign country with no formal geographic education, i found myself assigned to teach ap human geography and world geography. the journal of geography and the geography teacher were instrumental to my own professional development. ncge’s webinars and weekly ap bell-ringers have been valuable resources.”					


brandon nascimento 






						“after attending my first ncge conference, i was hooked; it was a wonderful experience! university professors were mixing with elementary, junior high, and high school teachers, and the common love of geography education superseded people’s academic background.”					


john trites 






						“i consider ncge as my home base national professional organization.  i know that i would have had far fewer opportunities to join in such enjoyable joint learning adventures without my ncge colleagues and friends supporting me.”					


robert w. morrill 





 previous


 next

















 






geography is the subject which holds the key to our future.- michael palin
 

















 








contact 






 




							8555 16th street, suite 500 silver spring, md 20910						










 




							(833) 465-6243						










 




							info@ncge.org						











quick links 



member login 



ncge leadership 



ncge resource library 



make a donation 







 











©2021 national council for geography education | all rights reserved | privacy policy  














 








 









































