


  








































homepage | vision academy








































































































  skip to main content




  
       

  




 
 
    

    challengingclinicalhome         challenging about thevisionacademy      header  caption       meetthemembers      header  caption       challengingclinicalsituations      header  caption       challengingclinicalpresentations         challengingresourcezone         vision academy link         bayer link       




     toggle search   








 close search input    toggle search input  
  toggle burger menu   close burger menu     home    about the academy    meet the members    challenging clinical situations    resource zone  
  toggle country select country select       
          





 
 

 
 


 
                                          addressing clinical challenges in ophthalmology   
      about the vision academy
our mission statement
the vision academy provides ophthalmic specialists with a forum to share existing skills and knowledge, provide consensus guidance for managing clinically challenging situations, and lead the wider community in the drive toward optimized, compassionate patient care.
the vision academy is co-chaired by professors jean-françois korobelnik and anat loewenstein. hear more about the vision academy from professor loewenstein in the video below. 

              about the vision academy   yymmdd author/uploaded by    
    
                                           the vision academy comprises an international group of more than 100 experts worldwide.   through their collective expertise, the vision academy seeks to provide consensus guidance for managing clinically challenging situations, especially in areas of controversy or with insufficient conclusive evidence.meet the members   
 
      challenging clinical situations

                   
 
 
       disease insights, diagnosis, and monitoringproviding care that considers the individual patient’s preferences and needs should be at the forefront of clinical decision-making. the ophthalmic community should be driven by patient values, with the patient placed centrally in the treatment decision pathway. nonetheless, there are many disease complexities that require nuanced treatment and management. we aim to provide guidance that enables ophthalmologists to navigate these clinically challenging situations.view the workstreams 
 
    
                   
 
 
       treatment and managementproviding care that considers the individual patient’s preferences and needs should be at the forefront of clinical decision-making. the ophthalmic community should be driven by patient values, with the patient placed centrally in the treatment decision pathway. nonetheless, there are many disease complexities that require nuanced treatment and management. we aim to provide guidance that enables ophthalmologists to navigate these clinically challenging situations.view the workstreams 
 
    
                   
 
 
       covid-19the lasting impacts of the covid-19 pandemic have resulted in ongoing changes to clinical practice. we, in conjunction with the namd barometer, have developed a range of materials to ensure ophthalmologists feel supported in making appropriate treatment decisions and to help patients better understand the safety measures put in place. these tools have been designed to be appropriate across a range of epidemic pressures and are available in multiple languages.view the resources 
 
    
    
                                           resource zone   the vision academy has a vast selection of useful materials, all of which are freely available to use.go to the library   
 
           translate this website
all website content is globally approved by the vision academy steering committee in english, but you can translate the website pages into your chosen language by following the guidance available via the links below.
 
translation guidance in english
instructions de traduction en français
übersetze diese website auf deutsch 
traduci questo sito web in italiano
이 웹사이트를 한국어로 번역
traduzir este website para português
traduce esta página web al español
將這個網站翻譯成繁體中文

                
    
           what's new 
                   
8 october 2024
latest va publication: treatment regimens for optimising outcomes in patients with neovascular age-related macular degeneration


             
20 july 2024
latest va publication: impact of residual retinal fluid on treatment outcomes in neovascular age-related macular degeneration


             
2 july 2024
congratulations to our vision academy member, dr. dinah zur, associate professor of clinical ophthalmology at tel aviv medical center, for being elected as chairman of the israeli retina society!


             
8 november 2023
latest va publication: additional measures of macular function beyond visual acuity


             
25 september 2023
latest podcast: optimal anti-vegf therapy regimen


             
15 september 2023
the vision academy annual meeting 2023 took place in athens on 9–10 september. click for more information!


             
14 july 2023
latest va publication: impact of ai on retinal disease management


             
14 july 2023
latest va publication: current status and practical considerations of ai use in screening and diagnosing retinal diseases


             
8 march 2023
latest va video: vegfr1 signaling in retinal angiogenesis and microinflammation


             
17 january 2023
latest podcast: navigating anxiety and depression in patients with namd


     
    
    
    

 


     

       privacy statement  conditions of use  bayer.com portal  report a side effect  sitemap  contact us  cookies settings 
  © 2024 bayer ag  july 2023 | ma-pfm-opht-all-1199-1 bayer and the bayer cross are registered trademarks of bayer ag. the vision academy is fully sponsored by bayer.     last update: february 2024    



 
  

                    

     sponsored by                                  
    
    



 
   
                   
       

















