








dry tortugas national park | tayrona national park






























saltar al contenido




menú y widgets








dry tortugas national park 

visit the dry tortugas. travel by seaplane charter or boat for a day filled with snorkeling, fishing, and sightseeing!

dry tortugas national park
i hope to provide you with as much information about this park as i can. hopefully this will make a trip to the dry tortugas national park a lot easier and more enjoyable.

 



tortugas national park
 



this is one of the most isolated national parks we have. it sits 68 miles west of key west. most people make this a day trip while they are staying in key west. if you are a civil war buff this is a must trip if you are visiting the florida keys. fort jefferson is the largest coastal fort built in the 1800s.


 
dry tortugas national park
another similar park
the tortugas national park has similar characteristics to tayrona national park located in santa marta colombia.
tayrona national park santa marta
tayrona park is one of the many jewels in colombia’s crown: a stunning 150 square kilometers of land and 30 square kilometers of sea set just 34km from santa marta in colombia’s northern coastal department of magdalena.
tayrona is located on the caribbean coast, 35km from santa marta, and is one of colombia’s most famous national parks. not only is tayrona national park home to some of colombia’s most gorgeous beaches, it is also rich in colombian culture, wildlife and tropical rainforest. this 12,000 hectares of land and 3,000 hectares of ocean maintains a temperature of between 25c and 30c year round
the tayrona national park it was the second most visited national park in colombia in 2012, with 293,502 visitors. the most visited park was the rosario and san bernardo corals national natural park.
tayrona national park is one of the best trips you can take out of santa marta. santa marta is a huge stop on the colombian backpacker trail even though it is boring and other than partying there isn’t much to do there.
dry tortugas national park
national park
bullet visitor center 
is open daily with information, exhibits, an orientation video, and educational sales items are available.
bullet touring fort jefferson –
you can take a self-guiding walking tour of the fort. just follow the signs with the civil war soldier on them.
bullet ranger conducted activities
there is an announcement board on the dock or check at the visitor center for dates and times of ranger-guided tours.
bullet camping 
is available at the fort for $3 per person. groups of 10 or more need to make reservations by writing the park. all supplies, including water must be brought with you.
bullet fishing 
sport fishing is permitted. lobstering and spear fishing are not. florida state fishing laws and regulations also apply. a florida fishing license is required. they can be gotten in key west.
bullet boating 
private boats can visit the park. nautical charts can be obtained at the visitor center, key west u.s. coast guard station, and the key west. chamber of commerce. boaters should check with a ranger for more information about rules for docking and mooring. caution be aware the seascan be extremely rough at times plan ahead.
dry tortugas national park
this site dry tortugas national park is in no way associated with the united states government, the department of the interior or the national park service








				funciona gracias a wordpress			











