



north american cable equipment

















 (800) 688-9282
you tube
wednesday february 19, 2025 




specials

weekly specials 
clearance specials 
 cctv clearance


catalog

nace online catalog

nace pdf catalog
 
video surveillance catalog

video surveillance pdf catalog

products

support

tech info

new customer account forms

about nace
california proposition 65


news
training

training certifications


upcoming events
youtube
directv mso























 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 








 
t-dtvstb-rc
              user-friendly attributes aimed at simplifying the viewing experience for all users ... 


 
cabletronix set top box with dvr
              perfect for com3000 properties where pro:idiom was replaced with watermarking ... 


 
single channel hd agile micro modulator
              the ultimate solution for adding local content into a coaxial cable tv network. ... 


 
8 rf out hd encoder modulator
              designed to redefine efficiency in content delivery. ... 


 
hdmi 2.0 fiber optical cable
              need to send hdmi signals long distances?
transmit 4k hd video signals up to 492 feet.


 ... 


 
ruckus r500 access point
              low-cost ruckus access points to fill in wi-fi dead zones in your aep system
 ... 


 
pro:idiom set top boxes
               the vsbb100 is an ideal solution for commercial accounts currently being served with clear oam video. ... 


 
atsc smart amp
              get more terrestrial tv with better signal quality. ... 


 
expand your business with naceconnect services
              generate recurring revenue ... 


 
off-the-air channels for free
              dt-atsc series ... 


 
in stock for immediate shipment
              easily beam lan signals between structures across your sites. ... 


 
professional headend assembly services
              built with the best materials, color coated headend cable ... 






featured products









product id: dt-cat6-6a-rj45-100
proseries unshielded pass through rj45 modular plugs with cap45™ for 23awg solid (cat6/6a utp), hi/lo stagger, wire conductors 1.05mm-1.2mm/0.041"-0,047", max cable od 7.4mm/0.0291", ul94 v0 commercial rated, red tint- 100pcs/jar

more info










product id: st-allin1-test2
the 7 inch touch screen ip camera monitor and tester is designed for maintenance and installation of ip cameras, hd over coax cameras (tvi, cvi, sdi, ahd), and analog cameras as well as other security equipment. the 1280 x 800 resolution enables it to display hd cameras and analog cameras in high resolution. the unit supports many hd over coax ptz, onvif ptz and analog ptz controls.	

the tester is also a great tool for ethernet network testing. it can test poe power voltage, perform ping tests and ip address scanning. you can use the blue cable tester to check the termination and cable type of network cables. other functions include providing 24w poe power to your ip camera, an led flashlight, 12vdc 2a power output and much more. its portability, user-friendly design and many other functions make the ip buddy+ all in 1 an essential tool for all installers or technicians.


meter comparison chart

more info










product id: st-ip8vfb-mz
the st-ip8vfb-mz is an ultra hd 8mp motorized zoom 2.8 -12mm varifocal lens bullet camera that allows you to aim, zoom and focus the camera at the recorder, using a test meter, via a web browser or using cms making the install process safer and easier. this camera can capture videos at 3840x2160 pixels making images incredibly clear and will provide more detail in applications when zooming in on distant objects without reducing image quality. smart features include line crossing detection, intrusion detection, face detection, and region of interest. the camera is ip67 weather-rated and comes complete with a junction box designed to conceal cables/connectors, deter tampering, and making it easy to install. it connects with power over ethernet (poe) or locally with a 12v dc power supply. power supply not included.
more info










product id: st-ip8vfd-mz
the st-ip8vfd-mz is an ultra hd 8mp motorized zoom 2.8 -12mm varifocal lens dome camera that allows you to aim, zoom and focus the camera at the recorder, using a test meter, via a web browser or using cms making the install process safer and easier. this camera can capture videos at 3840x2160 pixels making images incredibly clear and will provide more detail in applications when zooming in on distant objects without reducing image quality. smart features include line crossing detection, intrusion detection, face detection, and region of interest. the camera is ip67 weather rated and comes complete with a junction box designed to conceal cables/connectors, deter tampering, and making it easy to install. it connects with power over ethernet (poe) or locally with a 12v dc power supply. power supply not included.
more info










product id: st-ip8vftd-mz
the st-ip8vftd-mz is an ultra hd 8mp motorized zoom 2.8 -12mm varifocal lens turret dome camera that allows you to aim, zoom and focus the camera at the recorder, using a test meter, via a web browser or using cms making the install process safer and easier. this camera can capture videos at 3840x2160 pixels making images incredibly clear and will provide more detail in applications when zooming in on distant objects without reducing image quality. smart features include line crossing detection, intrusion detection, face detection, and region of interest. the camera is ip67 weather-rated and comes complete with a junction box designed to conceal cables/connectors, deter tampering, and making it easy to install. it connects with power over ethernet (poe) or locally with a 12v dc power supply. power supply not included.
more info










product id: ct-sfmm-**
fixed channel micro modulator 

the ct-sfmm is a professional quality, channelized, heterodyne audio/video saw filtered micro modulator.
the unit provides a mono audio and video modulated rf carrier output on any single catv channel from 2-13 & 14-59 (a-ww). the ct-sfmm is ideal for placing audio and video onto any unused catv channel. different standard audio/video sources, such as satellite receivers, television cameras, videotape recorders, or television demodulators can be used.
 
the ct-sfmm takes baseband audio and video and modulates these signals onto the desired output channel. the heterodyne conversion process used in the ct-sfmm employs a crystal referenced, pll synthesized local oscillator that guarantees a rock-solid, no drift output for the life of the modulator. the ct-sfmm also meets fcc docket 21006 aeronautical frequency offset requirements. the modulator accepts standard composite video in the range of 0.7 to 2.5 v p-p.

 - fixed channel saw filtered micro modulator
 - available from channels 2-13 & 14-59 (a-ww) catv
 - die-cast chassis offers superior protection 
against ingress or egress
 - recessed front panel access to all level controls
and indicators 
 - use with cabletronix ctps-12 power supply and ctrc-12 rack chassis or with 3rd party power supplies and/or chassis depending upon configuration
 - 1-year warranty
 - 3 year extended warranty available 
more info










product id: dt-atsc-ip-8v2
atsc to ip converter

the datatronix dt-atsc-ip-8v2 allows the operator to create a custom iptv distribution system output from atsc off-air and/or qam input sources. this unit accepts up to eight 8vsb over-the-air channels (including sub-channels), or clear qam sources from a catv feed, and outputs in ip. these outputs can be mapped to a desired unicast or multicast 
ip address. 

the dt-atsc-ip-8v2 processes most major local broadcast networks that have a second or third local channel. these channels can contain important weather-related content, local sports, or secondary programming. integrators who operate satellite-delivered tv systems will find this unit to be the perfect solution for adding external over-the-air or clear qam content to their ip distribution system. 

as an added benefit, because the additional programming does not come from the satellite source, then in the event of a satellite outage this unit will continue to deliver the additional programming to the property.

- accepts up to 8 rf inputs (atsc-8vsb over-the-air or qam)
- allows for up to 64 output programs
- allows user to “cherry pick” desired programs as needed
- supports std/hrc/irc formats
- udp / rtp multicast / unicast 
- easy to setup and monitor with graphic user interface 
- front panel led indicators
- high-density 1ru design

more info










product id: dt-atsc-qam-8v2
atsc to qam converter
the datatronix dt-atsc-qam-8v2 allows the operator to create a custom qam distribution system output from atsc off-air and/or qam input sources. this unit accepts up to eight 8vsb over-the-air channels (including sub-channels), or clear qam sources from a catv feed, and outputs in qam. the outputs can be mapped to desired tv channels. 

the dt-atsc-qam-8v2 processes most major local broadcast networks that have a second or third local channel. these channels can contain important weather-related content, local sports, or secondary programming. integrators who operate satellite-delivered tv systems will find this unit to be the perfect solution for adding external over-the-air or clear qam content to their qam distribution system.

as an added benefit, because the additional programming does not come from the satellite source, in the event of a satellite outage this unit will continue to deliver the additional programming to the property.

- accepts up to 8 rf inputs (atsc-8vsb over-the-air or qam)
- up to 8 independent qam-b outputs that can also carry digital sub-channels
- allows user to “cherry pick” desired programs as needed
- graphic user interface for configuration
- sources can be mapped to output qam tv channels
- front panel led indicators
- rack-mountable 1ru height

more info










product id: st-gip4fb-cnv
4mp hd intelligent fixed bullet network camera
ndaa compliant
high quality image with 4mp, 1/1.8”cmos sensor
4mp (2688 x 1520)@ 30/25fps; 4mp (2560 x 1440)@ 30/25fps; 3mp (2304 x 1296) @30/25fps; 
2mp (1920 x 1080) @30/25fps
ultra 265, h.265, h.264, mjpeg
smart intrusion prevention, includes cross line, intrusion, enter area, leave area detection
based on target classification, smart intrusion prevention significantly reduces false alarms caused by leaves, birds and lights etc., accurately focuses on humans, motor vehicles, and non motor vehicles
intelligent face capture
intelligent people flow counting and crowd density monitoring
this cameras technology ensures 24-hour full-color images
120db true wdr technology provides clear image in bright, highly lit areas
supports 9:16 corridor mode
alarm: 1 in/1 out, audio: 1 in/1 out
supports 256 gb micro sd card
ik10 vandal resistant
ip67 weather rating
supports poe power supply

more info










product id: dt-rj45-crimptool
proseries heavy duty rj45 crimp tool (gen2) for all datatronix unshielded & external/internal ground shielded rj45 mod plugs. includes: ext ground crimp die, tool lock, click socket, blade storage, stripper/cutter - 1ea/blister


 ratcheted-for full compression cycle
 reinforced steel-for greater stability
 sliding tool lock-to keep the crimp tool closed 
when not in use
 wire pattern alignment -where you most need it, right under the crimp socket
blade storage-built into the tool handle for easy access 
 multi-function-cuts and strips cable. crimps 
external ground arm 


more info










product id: st-gip5ptz-4x-ad
5mp active deterrence mini ptz, ndaa, fcc camera 

 ndaa compliant
 high quality image with 5mp, 1/2.7”cmos sensor
ultra 265, h.265, h.264, mjpeg
smart intrusion prevention, support false alarm filtering, including cross line, intrusion, enter area, leave area detection
people counting, support people flow counting and crowd density monitoring, suitable for different statistical scenarios
this cameras technology ensures ultra-high image quality in low illumination environment
up to 120 db optical wdr (wide dynamic range)
built-in mic & speaker
smart ir, up to 164ft (50m) ir distance and 33ft (10m) warm light distance
micro sd, up to 256gb
ip66 protection
dc12v or poe (ieee 802.3af) power supply 
more info










product id: dt-qam-amm-1
single channel agile micro modulator 

the datatronix dt-qam-amm-1, high definition (hd) modulator, is the ultimate solution for adding local content seamlessly into a coaxial cable tv network. this innovative device boasts the ability to generate a mpeg-2 encoded signal in either qam or atsc format from an hdmi input. with its sleek design, it features one hdmi input, one rf output, and one lan port for web management - making it the perfect addition to add locally generated content, such as digital signage and video surveillance.

this innovative unit can be effortlessly installed into an existing analog micro-modulator slot, making upgrading your system to hd an effortless process.




qam channels: 2 - 135
atsc channels: 2 - 69
output: 41 dbmv
impedance: 75 ohms
rf output: “f” type, female


more info










product id: tv-130990
off-air antenna, evoca, indoor / outdoor, vhf high band (channels 7-13) and uhf (channels 14-36), with 5g antenna

the evoca tv-130990 is a versatile vhf high-band, uhf, and 5g antenna/ extension antenna which is ideal for short to medium-range environments. the unit is designed for indoor or outdoor use to receive standard television broadcast signals and has a separate 5g antenna built-in to receive 5g signals outdoors where they are typically stronger. this unit offers numerous mounting options, including mast mount, wall mount, or desktop mount options. the unit offers a sleek attractive cutting-edge design for metro urban and suburban use to (50+) miles. customers interested in 5g extension can ask about wilson electronics cell phone amplification hardware available.



 vhf high-band frequency specification: channels 7-13, (174-216 mhz)
 uhf frequency specification: channels 14-36, (470-608 mhz)
 ultra-strong abs plastic with a metal reflector and stainless-steel mounting hardware
 powered by televes exclusive tforce pre-amplifier with integrated 5g filter
 offers separate preamplifiers for vhf high band and uhf band.
 integrated 5g antenna is passive
 dimensions: 13.98 inches x 13.98 inches x 4.0 inches (without clamp).
 repack ready
 future use antenna input for nextgen atsc 3.0 on unit

more info










product id: st-ip6pvt-cnv-2.8
6 mp true wdr 24/7 color panoramic turret dome camera
the securitytronix chroma surveillance camera series offers color night vision capabilities, capturing color images even in low-light or no-light conditions. with its dual lens system, it simultaneously records two views for comprehensive day and night monitoring. this versatile camera enhances flexibility, reduces blind spots, and improves security to ensure the safety and protection of your property. 
key features
6 mp
max. 3632 x 1632 @ 20 fps
24/7 full time color
fixed focal lens, dual lens: 2.8 mm
h.265+, h.264+
120db wdr
0.0005 lux @ (f1.0, agc on), 0 lux with light
smart sense
strobe light with audible alarm
built in mic and speaker

more info










product id: dt-wlshd-txrx-1080p
 1080p wireless hdmi signal extender

the datatronix 1080p wireless hdmi signal extender provides a seamless solution for transmitting high-definition video and audio without the need for cumbersome cables. supporting resolutions up to 1080p, this system can extend signals up to a maximum of (98) feet (line of sight), offering reliability and crystal-clear performance. ideal for both commercial and residential applications, it simplifies installation and reduces clutter, making it perfect for spaces where running hdmi cables is not practical.

compatible with hdmi, mini hdmi, micro hdmi, and usb-c hdmi connections and includes these adapters for added flexibility, ensuring compatibility with various devices.
wireless hdmi technology eliminates the need for physical cables, allowing for a clean and flexible setup. ideal for temporary installations or areas with limited cable routing options.
this wireless hdmi signal extender only supports (1:1) transmit and receive and does not support one to many applications. however, up to (4) separate sets can be deployed in the same environment in a (1:1) fashion if the transmitters are at a minimum of 16 feet apart from each other and line of sight exists.
note: the receiving unit does not support ir passback functionality.
 rf frequency: 5.15 to 5.825 ghz
typical applications include:

security dvr/nvr systems: in cctv setups, transmit live surveillance footage to monitors without long hdmi cables.
digital signage: display content such as advertisements, promotional videos, product information, and announcements wirelessly.
blu-ray players: stream hd movies wirelessly to a display.
gaming consoles: transmit gameplay from playstation, xbox, and other consoles.
streaming devices: use devices like roku, apple tv, and amazon fire tv to send video wirelessly to a monitor.
laptops: connect wirelessly for presentations or entertainment.
package contents:
1 hdmi transmitter
1 hdmi receiver
2 usb a to usb c power cables
1 hdmi to micro hdmi adapter
1 hdmi to mini hdmi adapter
1 hdmi to usb-c adapter (6” cable)

this wireless hdmi extender kit provides a versatile and practical solution for transmitting hd signals with minimal effort, making it an excellent choice for both professional and personal setups.
more info










product id: dt-sfp-sm-dx-lc-m-1.25g
this datatronix sfp optical transceiver module provides reliable, high-speed bi-directional data links up to 1.25gbps, ideal for gigabit ethernet and fiber channel applications. with a 1310nm fabry-perot laser transmitter and lc duplex connector, it supports single-mode transmission over distances up to 10km on 9/125µm smf. its hot-pluggable design and compact sfp footprint allow for flexible integration into a variety of networking environments. featuring low jitter, low power dissipation <700mw, and emi protection, this module is well-suited for switch-to-switch interfaces, router/server connections, and other optical transmission systems.

key features
supports up to 1.25gbps bi-directional data links
hot-pluggable sfp footprint
1310nm fabry-perot laser transmitter
duplex lc connector
very low jitter for stable data transmission
no rate select input required for fiber channel 
1x operation
operates over distances of up to 10km on 9/125µm 
smf (single-mode fiber)
metal enclosure for reduced 
emi (electromagnetic interference)
low power dissipation, typically <700mw
compliant with fcc and rohs standards
more info










product id: tamp6r03-pi29
indoor 250 to 2150 mhz dbs amplifier with automatic gain, adjustable output and selectable slope.  the tamp6r03 provides an automatic gain controlled output that is user adjustable from -16 dbm to -25 dbm @ 2150 mhz. slope is field selected to either 12 db or 8 db.  

at the minimum output setting, the led indicators turn green with an minimum input of -50 dbm. at the maximum output setting, the led indicators turn green with an minimum input of -42 dbm. requires pi-29z power supply (sold separately).
more info










product id: ft-hhrx-870-1-scapc
ftth mini optical node, 54-870 mhz receiver with 5-42 mhz reverse transmitter, -8dbm to +2dbm input range, phemt gaas fet technology, forward and reverse rf test ports, sc/apc connections
more info










product id: ct-dlm870d
the ct-dlm870d is a hand held signal level meter capable of reading analog, digital qam and digital off air signal levels as well as carrier to noise, bit error rate (ber), modulation error rate (mer) and tilt.
more info










product id: dt-c5pc-7bl
category 5e patch cable, 350 mhz rated, 4 pair 24 awg, 7' length, blue jacket

more info










product id: dt-hdmp-1
the datatronix mini digital signage players allow you to display user created presentations that are  informative and entertaining. these simple plug-n-play devices are capable of presenting full-screen slideshows and videos on any hdmi input monitor. the mini digital signage player displays media files from a usb storage device or sd card, and does not require internet connectivity. simply load your image, audio, or video files onto a flash drive and connect it to the mini digital signage player. the size of your presentation is only limited by the storage space of 
your usb device.	
more info










product id: dt-signease
the signease digital signage player is a quick and easy way to turn any tv or monitor into a digital sign.  using a simple plug and play device, signease 
customers can turn any screen into a connected digital sign. once a screen is connected it can be managed, updated, and monitored over the internet using signease.
more info










product id: st-ip4vfd-mz
4 megapixel ip motorized varifocal lens dome camera with ir, 2.8 - 12mm varifocal motorized lens, onvif compatible, 1/3 inch cmos sensor, icr, ip66 weather rating, wide dynamic range, 3d digital noise reduction, back light control, ir range up to 98 feet, sd card up to 64gb (sd card not included), dc12v & poe, power supply not included use st-ps12vdc2a or poe switch.
more info










product id: st-ip4fd-blk
4 megapixel ip fixed lens mini-dome camera, 4.0mm fixed lens, ip67 weather rating, 3d digital noise reduction, back light control, supports sd card up to 128gb (sd card not included), 3-axis mount, ir range up to 98 feet, ik10 vandal-proof rating, dc12v & poe. black housing. power supply not included use st-ps12vdc1a/2a.
more info










product id: hdb2312
12 channel 480i composite video modulator. each hdb2312 is directly connected to 12 composite video sources and converts each source into a digital cable channel. hundreds of channels can coexist simultaneously on the same coax cable, and are simply viewed by using the tuner built into every hdtv! 
more info










product id: ctgt8-17
8 port coaxial cable tap, 5 mhz to 1 ghz, 17 db tap loss, low loss through port
more info










product id: ct-plb-14b
inclinable plasma television wall mount, 165 lb max, 0 to 15 degree adjustable tilt, ideal for 37 inch to 70 inch tvs, black finish
more info










product id: shelf-slt
rack shelf for 19 inch equipment rack, 2 space, 15 inches deep, vented
more info








home
specials
   weekly specials
clearance specials


catalog
contact

products

support
      tech info
account forms
about nace

news
training
directv mso





