









lazer kraze mobile laser tag| serving columbus & cincinnati ohio












































						columbus, oh  (614) 636-0161
						













						cincinnati, oh  (614) 636-0161
						































email: lazerkraze@gmail.com
for 18 years lazerkraze has developed and operated family entertainment centers focused on providing a first class experience where all ages come together to have fun. we now provide consulting services to 
											the industry and continue to operate mobile laser tag services. 











home



























lazer kraze togo! 
mobile laser tag - great for backyard parties, graduation parties, youth group events and teambuilding!  just call us at 614-636-0161 and we'd love to schedule an event for you. 





lazer kraze togo!
combine the backyard party with high-tech laser tag 
bring the excitement of laser tag to your backyard party or group event. our laser tag markers 
							are great for church lock-ins, school carnivals, activity nights, after-proms and backyard parties. the laser 
							tag markers are small, for easy handling, and the system allows for up to 21 players per game and displays player stats.


group event - we come to you! 

avoid the transportation headaches. we can bring the event to your gym or multi-purpose room.  we need a minimum area of 50ft x 70 ft 
						to set up a bunker field and you can combine 9 of our inflatable bunkers with up to 21 laser tag markers for the ultimate group setup. with 
						8 min. games and 21 markers you can get up to 130+ players through in 1 hour. game times and formats may be customized for your 
						event to meet your group's needs. we bring all the gear, setup and provide staff to facilitate the games. 
						an electrical outlet is required for inflating bunkers.
						


paintball without the pain


love the thrill of paintball but not so thrilled about the pain, mess and use of compressed air? our laser tag markers 
							provide the same feel and thrill of paintball without the pain and risk. we can configure game formats just like 
							paintball ... 1 and out. 




 614-636-0161
 lazerkraze@gmail.com
call or email for more information or to schedule your event
pricing


$250 per hourincludes laser tag equipment and staff to run the games.
$1505 inflatable bunkers. great for backyard parties
$2759 inflatable bunker field. great for gyms, school carnivals etc. 


mileage and travel fees may apply. electrical outlet required for inflating bunkers.
how does it work?

since our portable laser tag gear is designed primarily for outdoor use, lasers are not used. however, the same ir 
					technology used by the laser tag vests in the stores is also used for tagging by the portable gear. you know 
					a player is tagged when the red ir hopper on the markers light up and the tag acknowledgement sound is played 
					on your marker. and of course, you can always tell by the expression of the player's face you just tagged. 
mileage and travel fees may apply. electrical outlet required for inflating bunkers.
need a play field?
we can bring our inflatable bunkers to you for a professional battle field. pricing starts at $100 for 5 bunkers
					which is great for small backyard parties and $250 for an 9 bunker field for group events outside or in a gym. 
					an electrical outlet is required within 100 feet of the play field.  











activity participation policy
lazer kraze provides great fun activities including our mobile laser tag. all participants play at their own risk.
notice
material may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of 
						lazer kraze â© 2004 - 2024 all rights reserved







 



















