





  


clubtread.com




























  









































clubtread.comforum community

trip reports
regional hiking
outdoor activity
group discussion
the lodge
clubtread community


hiking resources

trails for canada 150


trails
contact us

advertise
terms of use





hiking & backpacking"i went to the woods because i wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if i could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when i came to die, discover that i had not lived.” henry david thoreauread morepaddling and biking"nature is ever at work building and pulling down, creating and destroying, keeping everything whirling and flowing, allowing no rest but in rhythmical motion, chasing everything in endless song out of one beautiful form into another." john muirread morebackcountry recipes"the fire is the main comfort of the camp, whether in summer or winter, and is about as ample at one season as at another.  it is as well for cheerfulness as for warmth and dryness." henry david thoreauread moregotta love gear“thousands of tired, nerve-shaken, over-civilized people are beginning to find out that going to the mountains is going home; that wildness is a necessity”  john muirread morephotography talk"those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts. there is something infinitely healing in the repeated refrains of nature — the assurance that dawn comes after night, and spring after winter." rachel carsonread morecommunitycanadian and pacific northwest hiking trails resource









how to get in shape for hikingposted jul 27 2020  in hiking  with 0 comments 


a hike down a local trail doesn’t often require many preparations. however, before you decide to pursue a miles-long endeavor, it’s smart to make sure you have enough strength and agility to complete your journey. there’s a lot to see and do that you can only access through a hike — and you don’t want to find yourself stuck halfway. …
read more 


how does hiking improve your health?posted may 12 2020  in hiking  with 0 comments 


sometimes, you need a little bit more adventure than a neighborhood walk can offer. whether you want to try a local trail or discover a mountain path, hiking serves as a wonderful way to stay fit. you can experience unique sights all while you complete an intense, full-body workout. ultimately, not much compares to that outdoor experience. here’s a look …
read more 


how to prevent animal attacks while hiking and campingposted feb 18 2020  in backpacking, hiking  with 0 comments 


hiking and camping can let you experience nature in a way you’d never be able to otherwise. you can see plants and animals in their natural habitat, but being in the wild also puts you at risk for potentially harmful encounters.  what can do you do to prevent animal attacks while you’re hiking and camping? know what animals you might …
read more 


what to do if you get injured while hikingposted nov 15 2019  in hiking  with 0 comments 


safety should always be a top priority when you venture out for a hike, but even the most careful hiker might fall victim to injury with enough time. it’s one of the realities of a sport that takes you to remote and at times challenging terrain. sustaining an injury during a hike can be troubling. a situation that seems minor …
read more 


how to stay safe while hiking by yourselfposted sep 1 2019  in hiking  with 0 comments 


hiking is a great way to explore the wilderness with friends or family members, but sometimes your schedules don’t line up, and you find yourself exploring alone. if you’re heading into the wilds on your own, what do you need to stay safe? 1. let someone know where you’re going this rule of thumb should hold even if you’re hiking …
read more 


how to eat on a long hikeposted jul 1 2019  in hiking  with 1 comment 


hiking excursions provide an incredible opportunity to engage with the natural world while stimulating your body with healthy exercise, but what foods should you bring along on your outdoor adventure to keep your body happy and well-nourished? as an activity-based hobby, hiking generally demands a higher intake of nutritious foods to power your body, supplying it with the drive to …
read more 


how to go glampingposted jun 24 2019  in outdoors  with 0 comments 


camping with the family is a fantastic way to bond and become one with nature, but let’s face it — roughing it in the wilderness isn’t for everyone. that’s what glamping is for. why is it better than regular camping, especially if you’re traveling with children or those that can’t handle being out in the woods? what is glamping? the …
read more 


the most remote hikes in the worldposted dec 31 2018  in hiking  with 0 comments 


you can go hiking nearly anywhere, but there’s something to be said for a hiking destination where you won’t spy a city skyline everytime you peek through the trees. if you’re planning a hiking trip in the future, here are some of the most remote destinations to consider for your upcoming adventure. yellowstone national park, wyoming there are plenty of …
read more 


how to hike at nightposted nov 13 2018  in hiking, outdoors  with 0 comments 


the woods at night have long been the realm of psychological terror. from early settlers to the outdoorsmen of today, night is a time for lighting the lantern, stoking the fire and keeping vigil over your camp. however, with proper preparation and knowledge of your area, hiking at night opens the door to new perspectives, beauty, and fun for those …
read more 


10 simple tips for winter hikingposted nov 6 2018  in hiking  with 0 comments 


when all of the leaves have fallen, and the temperatures bottom out, it may be tempting to hole up and hibernate at home. though nothing is quite so wonderful as cuddling up in front of a hot fire, there is a lot of beauty to experience in the outside world even during the winter. going on a winter hike is …
read more 




page 1 of 612345»...last »








search for:



 





popular postswhat to do if you get injured during a hikejuly 21, 2017how to eat on a long hikejuly 1, 2019safety tips for encountering wildlife on the trailjuly 20, 201750 trails for canada 150june 16, 2017mental health benefits of spending time outdoorsmay 2, 2017categories 
backpacking

hiking

outdoors


 





 recent forum discussionsintl = international pico de teide / montana blanca february 14, 2025teide volcano, 3718m, highest point in spain and highest point above sea level in islands of atlantic. most visited national park in spain on...looking for fellow hikers february 11, 2025i am a 50-year-old avid hiker who loves exploring mountain trails and scenic landscapes. with a passion for the outdoors, i seek moderate hikes (3-5...mv = metro vancouver spahat at buntzen lake - feb. 10/25 february 11, 2025ty's first hike since flora peak (2 months ago). he's not a fan of deep snow, and that was the case today, too. we had a well packed trail to el paso...archivedhiking trails
gear reviews
hiking stories
follow clubtread.com

















trip reportsbritish columbia
canadian rockies
alberta
washington state
other regions
regional hikingbritish columbia mainland
vancouver island hiking
alberta hiking
washington state hiking
other regions hiking
outdoor activitieshiking and backpacking
mountain climbing
paddling and biking
photography talk
snowshoeing & backcountry skiing
hiking topicsgotta love gear
hiking with kids
backcountry recipes
conservation corner
maps, gps, orienteering


copyright © clubtread.comcontact us
advertise





 




terms of use
copyright
privacy policy
your privacy choices
manage consent





x cookie and data use consent
we use cookies to improve your experience on this website and so that ads you see online can be tailored to your online browsing interests. we use data about you for a number of purposes explained in the links below.  by continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of data and cookies.tell me more | cookie preferences














