






































recording studio equipment experts - transaudio group































































transaudio


home
about
latest news

press releases
events
blog


international sales
contact
 
 
 
 






we guide you to 
the best audio equipment and information,
so you can create 
recordings your clients can't get anywhere else




partnered brands

a designsatc monitorsauratonebettermakerdakingdrawmerhakanlatch lakemutecpete's place audiosabra-somsound anchorssubwoofer prostrinnov audiotube-tech 
service



the recording studio equipment specialists

looking for the ultimate equipment to achieve perfect sound in your studio?
talk to the professionals at transaudio group first.


have questions?
we love providing answers! with decades of experience in the music industry,
we have the expertise to help you choose the top components for an award winning studio.
get audio answers today



studio profile




from the studio of: lurssen mastering



transaudio studio story
john lennon’s 1971 album, imagine, and its legendary title track are the former beatle’s most famous solo works. the album and the unconventional promotional film that accompanied it were recently remastered and reissued by yoko ono and the lennon estate, with the original album supported by well over one hundred additional tracks of demo versions, studio outtakes, and isolated track elements. called imagine – the ultimate collection, the reissue spans four cds and two surround sound blu-ray discs. musician and engineer paul hicks led the project and joined gavin lurssen and reuben cohen to master the box set – 140 tracks in total – at the lurssen mastering facilities in burbank, california…
 
continue reading »



scm150asl 3 way midfield monitor
 more info



new completed studio projects coming soon. see all the details and product information in our next studio profile!


studio essentials

building a recording studio?  need assistance resolving sound issues?
here are some of our studio essential products that will get you going in the right direction.






 



dakingdaking preamps - 										mic pre ii

why do i need this product?

daking mic pre ii     the mic pre ii is a premium two channel, dual mono, microphone preamp.   the mic pre ii combines two of daking’s celebrated stand-alone mic pre one units in a single rack space form factor for a surprisingly affordable price. like the mic pre one and the mic pre 4t,…  read more »

more product details







 



latch lakelatch lake accessories - 										jam nut

why do i need this product?

jam nut   the jam nut, an often over-looked detail of a microphone placement because it allows you to determine where the threads should end. latch lake builds them big so hand tightening is a reality. big nuts. small price. every studio should have about 50.

more product details



 



 



drawmermonitor controllers - 										mc3.1 monitor controller

why do i need this product?

mc3.1 monitor controller   mc3.1 overview   mc3.1 features   building on the success of the mc2.1, the mc3.1 monitor controller is just as accurate and transparent and of the same build quality. it can still faithfully reproduce what has been recorded without coloring the sound, but comes with a much expanded feature set, including…  read more »

more product details







 



auratone - 										active 5c super sound cube

why do i need this product?

active 5c super sound cube   after years of requests, auratone is proud to announce the 5c active super sound cube. the same timeless design with a us made speaker, now with an integrated amplifier using an enclosure with the dimensions of the passive 5c.   the mono amplifier is designed and built in europe…  read more »

more product details




still not finding what you are looking for? contact us today. we can help!


we are proud of our representation

we partner with nothing but the best when it comes to providing you
with elite audio equipment and information.


 



home
about
press releases
events
blog
international sales
contact
 



contact us:
702.365.5155

7330 smoke ranch road
las vegas,
								nv
89128

fax: 702.365.5145




follow transaudiogroup
facebook
twitter




join our newsletter




© 2025 transaudio group. site by jennifer web design.

 
 










