







justinen creative group



















































work


about


contact





menu












work


about


contact














religious illustrations
jcg's talented illustrators are known for their popular bible and inspirational illustrations seen in major christian publications. our 25 years worth of experience painting over 20,000 published illustrations for the christian publishing market has given us the knowledge and resources to produce biblical imagery that is compelling and authentic. our reference photo studio has hundreds of realistic props and costumes, and our 3d biblical reference library is one of the largest in the world. we were early proponents of natural digital media painting, regularly painting in painter and photoshop from 1994 forward. our experience and continued growth ensures that the art you commission will meet your highest expectations for excellence.© 2015 all rights reserved.


















journey to egypt
























garden of eden






































































































editorial illustrations
we have a reputation for having a chameleon-like ability to wed our client's needs to a visual solution that goes that extra step to create an image that resonates powerfully with the concept.   






article about church members who fear of what others think of their faith.






magazine article describing the risks of mixing politics and religion.






magazine editorial spot about fathers who "do it all". 






editorial series illustrating the daily adventures of the author. 






article about the author ellen g. white and a camp meeting moment when she introduced a mennonite girl. 






magazine article about the dangers of watching constant violence on television. 






christian magazine article about how modern people and biblical era people are alike. 






magazine editorial about the author's experience distance running as a teen. 












children's illustrations
with over 16,000 published children's illustrations, jcg is one of the most prolific creators of illustrations for the children's market, especially with christian themed publishing. our specialist is kim justinen who offers a cornucopia of styles for our clients. view kim justinen's art book, showcasing her many styles through the years:  http://www.blurb.com/books/5883690-kim136pageartbook






































































































wildlife
 the two principles of jcg grew up on the rural british columbia coast and their love of nature and wildlife are reflected in our love for wildlife illustrating.  if animal illustrations are your need, we will joyfully create the illustrations you need. 








































































publication design
the interaction between a publication design and illustration is usually one of collaboration between the designer and illustrator. we work with many talented designer clients, but we also offer the turnkey solution of image and type iintegration by our artist/illustrators. 


















romance type novel for christian book market




























































commercial real estate annual report












miscellaneous illustrations
showcased here are a variety of illustrations that don't fit into a specific subject area. most are illustrations created for print media. 
























exhibit designs & graphics
jcg has been designing, fabricating, and installing art installations and trade show exhibits for more than 25 years. whether fine art exhibit, a giant banner or a 3d foam fabrication installation, our talented team can create something special within your budget. 






boise, idaho pediatric center - 19 installed original paintings.






triptych paintings celebrating idaho youth team sports. 






closeup of one of the triptych paintings. 






one in a series of 19 paintings created for an idaho pediatric center. paintings focused on positive lifestyle activities of idaho children, such as hiking and camping. 






foam fabricated faux bronze backdrop for seasoft scuba tradeshow exhibit. 






exhibit gallery wall for international christian expo






exhibit for a religious trade show island using inexpensive ikea furniture






logo branding
we have created over 100 logo designs and branding packages over the years. we appreciate that a logo sets the tone for your organization and we offer a listening ear and discerning eye in helping you get the logo and branding you want.






chain of ob/gyn clinics






us solar panel manufacturer






logo and slogan for scuba diving equipment manufacturer






lifestyle health organization






consulting service for online evangelism organizations






state chapter of habitat for humanity






denver mine pollution reclamation company






vancouver island sport fishing lodge






outside the box
sometimes a visual solution needs to be outside the box. we look beyond the obvious and look for the special - imagery that resonates with your product, service, or message.






university fundraising graphic 






faux bronze design, fabrication, and installation for community park






wall sticker collection






prev / next
back to work







23
religious illustrations




9
editorial illustrations




16
children's illustrations




11
wildlife




14
publication design




3
miscellaneous illustrations




7
exhibit designs & graphics




8
logo branding




3
outside the box








justinen creative group™      |       jcg.com       |        208 453.1895      |        1903 ellis ave, caldwell, id  83605       |         © 2024  all rights reserved.












