








blue sky resumes | resume writing & job search experts






















































		skip to content








search...
















call 914.595.1905  |  email
 

get a free quoteget a free quote 












 





our servicesmenu toggle

packages & pricing our process self-help guides free resume help
samplesreviewswhy usmenu toggle

about us our team are we a good fit
blog 

 





 






search...













 







main menu

 




 












 




get noticed. get hired!
results-driven resume writing & job search services.

compelling and strategic resumes to help you achieve new heights!
engaging, professional linkedin profiles to ensure your talents shine!
job search strategies that enable you to soar and find your dream job!



helping job-seekers land more interviews and get hired faster.check out our services



kick-start your careerexperts are ready to assist you with crafting a strong resume, writing job search letters, refining a linkedin profile, preparing for an interview, and more.see packages & pricing


are you an executive?our executive resume services are tailored to fit your special needs and concerns. additionally we offer professional bios, coaching, industry research and more.learn more


job search guidesstruggling to find the perfect job? our diy guides offer proven strategies and detailed instructions to help you propel your resume and job search to the next level.start reading today!



check out our client reviews
worth the investment!i couldn’t imagine anyone doing a better job writing a resume that truly reflected what i wanted to communicate in terms of who i am and what i have accomplished.…   i couldn’t imagine anyone doing a better job writing a resume that truly reflected what i wanted to communicate in terms of who i am and what i have accomplished. they are truly the best in the business and i actually ended up overwhelmed by the response i received from employers. i was able to land a job with a company rated in the top 40 by forbes magazine and received a 25% increase in my base salary! i can not be more thankful for your help.
 read more “worth the investment!”excellent career development supportbluesky resumes support starts when you call them to inquire about the range of services they offer. lisa will explain their process and share some recommendation for free. filling out…   bluesky resumes support starts when you call them to inquire about the range of services they offer. lisa will explain their process and share some recommendation for free. filling out the explorer is a very helpful step to reflect on your professional achievements and your goals; this document is a key tool to prepare for an interview. the day i resumed my new resume prepared by louise, i applied for a new job and was called for an interview in less than 24 hour. roi!
 read more “excellent career development support”a perfect startafter following your tips … within an hour i had an interview from the company i was most interested in. you gave my new career the perfect start!kerrymarketerthe writing services were great!the explorer document was a huge help in thinking through my past accomplishments and my career goals. the writing services were great! the only downside was that the process took…   the explorer document was a huge help in thinking through my past accomplishments and my career goals. the writing services were great! the only downside was that the process took a couple weeks…but i guess you can’t rush quality.
 read more “the writing services were great!”wow! is that me?i didn’t feel accomplished when i went into this, and when we received comp #1, i was like ‘wow, is that me?!’ it made me feel really good! my husband…   i didn’t feel accomplished when i went into this, and when we received comp #1, i was like ‘wow, is that me?!’ it made me feel really good! my husband may use your services in the future as well. he was really impressed with my updated resume and he is a hard one to please.
 read more “wow! is that me?”laurie rgraphic designerexcellent product and servicecommunication was responsive and clear. once the project requirements were established, the final product exceeded expectations.tad pollardpassionate and genuinethe thing i liked most about blue sky resumes is that they demonstrated passion and a genuine desire to help me in my job search. during the initial contact period…   the thing i liked most about blue sky resumes is that they demonstrated passion and a genuine desire to help me in my job search. during the initial contact period they gave me a lot of really excellent advice regarding my existing resume, regardless of whether i would have chosen their services or not. they weren’t just about collecting payment and churning out a standard cv. in terms of research they really get you to analyze your career and dig deep into who you are career-wise. be warned, there’s work to do on your part! the end result is an incredibly succinct and engaging cv that clearly communicates your strengths and skills and makes you stand out from the pack. always very approachable and excellent customer service. you definitely don’t get treated like a just another customer with blue sky!
 read more “passionate and genuine”i feel so lucky!your work on my resume is like alchemy! i feel so lucky to have my career edited by blue sky.sarah bentertainment executive


read more reviews


is blue sky the right fit for you?we’d love to help all job seekers, but our services aren’t perfect for everyone. find out if we’re a good fit!







see what we're made of!
professional resume samples
we’ve got 40+ sample resumes in the following broad categories: entertainment, media & communications, design & creative, new media, it & technology, business operations, executive, non-profit, and marketing & sales.

view our resume samples





our professional writers can craft your resume to showcase your unique abilities and help you stand out from the crowd.


see our resume packagesor call 914.595.1905





learn from the pros
our best tips & tricks
get your dream job by following the strategies we use with our clients. here are some of our best tips:

7 secrets of a successful marketing resume
how to write a linkedin profile
how to write a killer sales resume
how to write an executive resume
7 resume mistakes & how you can avoid them
writing a great resume for the entertainment industry
5 tips for media and communication resumes
how to quickly build your online presence












social networking for professionals
what about linkedin?
good question! linkedin has rapidly become the #1 job search site in the world. recruiters and hr execs use it to find the best candidates, often without even running a job posting. here are some of our tips for standing out on linkedin.

the 7 mistakes you’re probably making on linkedin
how to write a powerful linkedin summary
two awesome linkedin summary examples (with templates)
how to write linkedin headlines that work

not up to the task? let one of our expert writers work with you to craft a great profile and make sure you're easily found. contact us today to get started!




latest from the blue sky blog
how to write a killer resume for creative professionsthere are some key principles to good resume writing that everyone should follow but creative professionals have some special challenges and opportunities. in this article, i’ll explain what they are and provide 5 tips for developing a really effective resume – one that recruiters can’t resist. creative resume tip #1: remember it’s a business yes,… read more: how to write a killer resume for creative professions
a fresh approach to job search with the help of an old standard, the libraryi love doing research on the internet and i frequently direct my clients to job relevant resources on the web. but for certain research, you just can’t beat the public library. some of the best research tools online are fee based, but candidates can gain access to these same resources in book form at their… read more: a fresh approach to job search with the help of an old standard, the library
secrets of resume writing for non-profitsif you want to work at a non-profit, the chances are you are committed to making a difference. after all, you’re not in it for the money! showing this passion is important when writing your resume, but it’s just as important to demonstrate that you can make an impact. non-profits are generally working to support… read more: secrets of resume writing for non-profits







 








 




our servicesmenu toggle

packages & pricing our process self-help guides free resume help
samplesreviewswhy usmenu toggle

about us our team are we a good fit
blog 


call 914.595.1905  |  email
 















blue sky resumes is a small team of professional writers and job search experts based in the u.s. and working with clients across the globe. we offer one-of-a-kind resumes, smart career advice and fantastic customer service. we love what we do. learn more about our team.

914.595.1905info@blueskyresumes.com
 

 






our services

the resumethe extrasthe works

our guides

resume writing guidejob search guidecomplete system for career change guide
 






resume samples

executivedesign & creativenew mediaentertainmentmedia & communicationssales & marketingit & technologybusiness operations & supportnon-profit
 






free resume help

tips & advicefree resume samplesfree job search reportfind a resume writer

blue sky blog

recent postsresume writingjob searchcareer changeonline presence
 









© 2025 blue sky resumes. all rights reserved. | terms & privacy policy
 



website by jh graphics
 







scroll to top







 


