















realtydfw.com - gerald dostal, realtor® - coppell & southlake homes for sale

























properties ▾

featured properties


home search
home valuation






contact us



					trec #0427076
				



























dfw real estate for sale





find a home
sell with us



















  















buy with us





sell with us





our site is mobile





contact us












listings currently available!













who we are


thank you for taking the time to visit our website. we specialize in assisting buyers and sellers in your area. our website contains all listings from all real estate agents, there's no need to look anywhere else for your next home.
all the latest listings available.large photos, home tours & maps including google® street view.notification of new listings and price changes.free to use. we respect your privacy.we're here to help if you need us.please feel free to explore the website and if you have any questions, would like to see a home in person or to discuss your home's value, please give us a call today.











featured properties


previous
	   |
	  next






view all listings here!

















neighborhoods



 colleyville homes for salecolleyville51 listings coppell homes for salecoppell46 listings flower mound homes for saleflower mound117 listings frisco homes for salefrisco546 listings grapevine homes for salegrapevine77 listings irving homes for saleirving229 listings keller homes for salekeller71 listings plano homes for saleplano465 listings southlake homes for salesouthlake45 listings trophy club homes for saletrophy club32 listings











			blog
		












				receive new listings in your inbox
			

are you interested in buying a home?look no further than working with  real estate experts.





















verify: please enter numbers below into the white box below the numbers.

 
				






			i agree to receive marketing and customer support email, calls and text messages from real broker, llc.  consent is not a condition of purchase.  msg/data rates may apply.  msg frequency varies.  reply stop to unsubscribe from texts.  click the unsubscribe link to stop email.terms of use & privacy policy








			contact us
		


thank you for visiting our website.  we take great pride in offering superior service to our clients.  if you're in the market to buy or sell a home please give us a call, we'd be happy to discuss your needs and provide advice at no obligation to you.
our website provides you with access to all listings available on the mls system regardless of who the listing agent or brokerage may be.  listings are updated frequently throughout the day giving you the information you need, when you need it.
if you haven't registered on this site yet please take a minute and sign up.  we'll send you new listings and price changes so that you can stay ahead of the market.  and if you'd like to know what your home is worth, please click here.
please enjoy our website and let us know if you have any ideas for improving it.


contact us







			additional links
		

























				get in touch
			



email






phone number










address





social media















site map
property search
new listings
price changes
favorites
home values
home loans
contact

trec consumer protection notice  trec information about brokerage services



			© proagentwebsites.com


terms & conditions
privacy policy
fair housing
dmca
accessibility










