












av publications website | home page




































































 













my account / member login
cart
checkout
contact

0 items
 












home
shop
about

about a.v. publications
about g.a. riplinger


freebies
reviews
newsletter



products search



go!






 


select page


  
 
 

















ebooks • download now
new home!
lectures • watch now!













products search



go!















look inside...
test your bible: 

are the devil and jesus switched?
does it follow the earliest ormodern texts?
how to understand your bible





new age bible versions 2022 updated and expanded
g.a. riplinger


now completely updated and expanded for 2022
international best-selling book, nearly 300,000 sold; translated into 12 languages
proves the perfection of the king james bible
demonstrates the corruption of all modern versions, including the esv, niv, nkjv, legacy standard, amplified, message, nrsv, nab, reb, rsv, cev, tev, net, gnb, living, phillips, new jerusalem, and new century, etc.
documents the hidden alliance between new versions and the new age movement’s one world religion.



buy now!







the dictionary inside the king james bible
g.a. riplinger
the bible has its own ‘built-in’ dictionary defined with god’s synonyms within the context.

use this dictionary as you would a regular dictionary; 2,000 words are alphabetized a-z.


look inside...

pages 79-87...easter, edification,effeminate, elect, emerods,emulation, enchantment,ensample...



buy now!













look inside...

table of contents
preview of all 28 chapters
do you have a holy bible?





in awe of thy word: understanding the king james bible, its mystery & history, letter by letter
g.a. riplinger


two books in one!
1,200 page, color-coded hardback
the first and only documented history of the words of the holy bible.
see that only the kjv matches the pure scriptures preserved “to all generations” and “to all nations,”
see research based on word-for-word and letter-by-letter analysis of a vault of ancient, rare and valuable bibles. ten thousand hours of collation rescued echoes from these documents almost dissolved by time.
see the letters and sounds, shown in red, which bind the words of each successive bible from the first century gothic, to the anglo-saxon, and then to the pre-wycliffe, tyndale, coverdale, great, geneva, and bishops’, then to the king james bible.
see the kjv translators’ newly discovered notes and the bible study secrets of history’s great translators andmartyrs.
find out how only the king james bible teaches and comforts through its “miraculous” mathematically orderedsounds.
meet the kjb’s built-in english teacher, ministering to children and over a billion people around the globe, can learn english by reading this bible, with its built-in definitions.
watch in horror as the destroyer, through the nkjv, niv, esv, hcsb, and nasb, teams up with jehovah witness and catholic versions to silence the utterances of the holy ghost.


buy now!







hazardous materials: greek and hebrew study dangers, the voice of strangers, burning bibles word by word
g.a. riplinger

sequel to the bestseller, new age bible versions.
1,200 page encyclopedic hardback, 5 volumes in one!
reveals the sinister source of words in new bible versions
proves the inspiration of the king james bible
this book will bring greek and hebrew study out of the closet for the first time.
tumbling out come the starving skeletons of the authors of greek and hebrew study tools, lexicons and editions, the sordid sources from which new versions, such as the nkjv, esv, niv, nasb, and hcsb take their corrupt words.
these are the very same study ‘aids’ which kill a sermon or bible study when used to ‘define’ a word in the holy bible or pretend ‘that word in greek is…’, ‘that word means…’, or ‘the originals say…’.
exposed are:

strong’s concordance
bible dictionaries by vine and zodhiates
word studies by vincent, wuest and trench
hebrew-english dictionaries by brown, driver, and briggs
greek-english dictionaries by moulton, thayer, danker and liddell
greek and hebrew texts by metzger, aland, scrivener, berry,ginsburg, green, robinson, and hodges
and all greek and hebrew study tools and interlinears



you may not recognize their names, but their filthy footprints print the pages of the new versions.
available in book (hard copy) and ebook (digital download) formats!

buy now!





look inside...

who's who in wickedness
how to read this book? braced!
strong’s (concordance) delusion
wobbly greek crutch
seven proofs of the kjb’s inspiration













king james and his translators by letter
g.a. riplinger


expands beyond king james unjustly accused by costen
this book is a chapter drawn from the classic in awe of thy word. it documents that king james was a godly christian who sought the salvation of his family and subjects and consequently has been ‘unjustly accused,’ as are many who promote the word of god.
it retraces the steps which brought about the authorized version.
the special qualities of each of the king’s translators are presented.


buy now!







the hidden history of the english scriptures given by inspiration to all generations
g.a. riplinger


the english bible is traced from acts 2 to you.
this booklet distils the cream from the history sections of in awe of thyword and adds newly found historic quotes, which make one rethink the‘greek-only’ originals for the new testament.
it answers the question, ‘where was the bible before the kjb?’


buy now!













blind guides: answering the critics
g.a. riplinger


riplinger’s detailed and scholarlyresponses remain unanswerable byskeptics like james white, hunt, cloud,hanagraaff, house, morey, passantino,robert thomas of master’s seminaryand s.e. schnaeter of bob jonesuniversity.
how many others, beside david cloud, finally admit they never read.


look inside...

critics answered



buy now!





which bible is god’s word?
g.a. riplinger


answers 44 of the most asked questions about the bible version issue.
also available as an audio book.


look inside...

nkjv and new version dangers andomissions



buy now!





the language of the king james bible
gail riplinger


the language of the king james bible by gail riplinger 
harvard university concludes, “the authorized version [kingjames bible] emerges from comparison with twentieth-century versions as more attractive and more accurate” (p. 135). find out why.
discover its transparent view of the originals, its legal language, its exclusive ease of memorization, its sound symbolism, and its internationally recognized spelling and vocabulary, as well as its mirror image of the oldest new testament fragment.
see why the dead-drunk dead sea scroll ‘bible’ was ‘under the influence’


look inside...

how to find the bible’s built-indictionary



buy now!







shop our entire catalog of products





riplinger
books





riplinger
lectures





king james
bibles





what's
new







other kjv
authors





verse comparison
tracts





king james bible
dictionaries





hymns & spiritual
songs









sign-up for our free newsletter

sign up now to get our free newsletter.

get updates and great content to help you better understand the holy bible.
rest assured, your information will never be shared or sold.







congratulations! your submission has been received. check your email inbox (and maybe your spam/junk folders) for more information and our latest newsletter. 



first name



last name



email





subscribe now












 








popular pageshome
shop our catalog
about a.v. publications
about g.a. riplinger
freebies
shop our siteshop
cart
checkout
my account
returns policy
best selling titlesnew age bible versions | updated and expanded 2022 edition
in awe of thy word: understanding the king james bible, its mystery & history, letter by letter
hazardous materials: greek and hebrew study dangers, the voice of strangers, burning bibles word by word
product categoriesbest sellers
riplinger books
riplinger audio & video lectures
king james bibles
what’s new
other kjv authors
verse comparison & other tracts
king james bible dictionaries
hymns and spiritual songs
bundle specials
sitewide search


products search



go!





contact us a.v. publications, corp.
p. o. box 280
ararat, va 24053
hours:
monday through thursday
11:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. est
place an order:
(800) 435-4535
order questions:
contact us

 



copyright © 1993-2023 a.v. publications corp. | site proudly designed & maintained by ascend 2 glory | privacy policy |  contact us 







products search



go!





 




































