






for business - sacramento metro chamber















for business - sacramento metro chamber






















































































 

























searchsearch




 


 




















chamberfor businessteamboardpublic policymember benefitsbecome a memberfoundationwhat we doprogramsdonateget involvedboardpacwhy it worksvoter guidecontributecommunityevents & programsnewsroomsponsorshipdiversitymember login

find out what metro does for you

learn more 












we are for business












click here for registration and sponsorships






the metro chamber team delivers the programs, services and advocacy needed to build vibrant communities, a ready workforce, and a region connected through strong business.

join the chamber today!












about us  













member benefits  













join now  








metro foundation programs build talent pipelines, improve diversity in the workforce, and bring new ideas and skills into the workplace.







































explore more






the leading voice for business in the capital region since 1895









advocacy
we’re making sure the voice of business is present everywhere important decisions are being made.











policy
our public policy team evaluates upcoming initiatives, policies, and measures affecting our region at both a local and state level.











metro-pac
the metro-pac endorses candidates that understand and value the important role of our business community, and partners with them during their terms.





public policy
metro-pac



stay up to date





membership team
•
july 8, 2024
member welcome: national university


national university, a veteran-founded nonprofit, has been dedicated to meeting the needs of hard-working adults by providing accessible, affordable higher education opportunities since 1971. as one… 
read article  : member welcome: national university






membership team
•
june 6, 2024
member welcome: beat the room


beat the room is an escape room experience with locations in rocklin and vacaville. we can host birthdays, bachelor/bachelorette parties, family get togethers and team bonding… 
read article  : member welcome: beat the room






metro chamber
•
may 16, 2024
metro chamber foundation announces 2024 leadership sacramento class project recipient – street soccer usa


leadership sacramento class project provides regional impact through annual community service project sacramento, calif. – every year the leadership sacramento program of the sacramento metro chamber… 
read article  : metro chamber foundation announces 2024 leadership sacramento class project recipient – street soccer usa




visit our newsroom









chamberfor businessteamboardpublic policymember benefitsbecome a memberfoundationwhat we doprogramsdonateget involvedboardpacwhy it worksvoter guidecontributecommunityevents & programsnewsroomsponsorshipdiversitymember login




© sacramento metropolitan chamber of commerce • careers • contact • accessibility • privacy 


x
linkedin
instagram
facebook
youtube


























