



	george boutwell, texas artist












texas’ most versatile artist — 2006 official texas state artist
george boutwell’s art is available as original watercolors, limited edition prints, unlimited prints, cards and calendars and depicts texas subjects including western, wildlife, old cars & trucks, fishing, seascapes, old houses, churches, courthouses, old barns, windmills, cowboys, landscapes, wildflowers, thunderstorms, old country stores, movie theaters & fifties nostalgia. order online with your choice of matt and frame.

upcoming shows
 february1, 2, 27, 28, canton first monday trade days at canton, texas21, 22, 23, south padre island market days at south padre island, texasmarch1, 2, canton first monday trade days at canton, texas14, 15, 16, fredericksburg trade days at fredericksburg texas29, 30, salado wildflower art festival at salado, texas 


scroll down to see more than what is on the screen









click here for detailed directions!
hours at our showroom
our showroom is open from 9 to 5 daily weekdays.
other times by appointment, call 1-800-243-4316.previewing my 2026texas bluebonnet calendaronly one painting finished, click on the painting for more information,  the calendar is a large 15 x 20 size with large 1 3/4'' x 2 7/16'' squares to write notes. click on the panting for more information or to order
tree hugger
original (prints available) click on the painting for more information!











texas reflection
original (prints available) click on the painting for more information!






























color over color
this original was featured on my 2023 texas cardinal calendar, prints available! click on the painting for more information!



















my book

the book is hard bound and has 192 pages and 182 paintings in full color and the price is $45 plus tax and shipping.
to order the book click here or on the picture above!




new small paintings
new small paintings are below, scroll down to view!
i currently have 16 small originals that are a little more affordable
 than the big ones. click on picture to see larger and get more 
information.follow us on facebook
some folks hate 
getting email and others can’t get enough, so for those of you who are 
in the latter category, you can satisfy your craving by friending me on my facebook page “george boutwell, texas artist”





custom calendars
order 40 or more and it’s freethe samples shown above are some of the custom calendars that we have printed for our customers. you can get your message or company information printed at the bottom of my calendar. maximum size of printing area is 14 1/2" wide and 1" high.
click here to order or for more information








want a larger print? or a special size?

now i can enlarge most of my prints and print them on paper or artist canvas. i can also resize a print to fit in a space that you need it to fit in! (i print them right here in my shop on my own equipment.) that’s me holding a small print with the enlarged print behind me! i can make prints as large as 40 inches on the short side and 14 feet or more on the long side and retain all of the color and sharpness! call 1-800-243-4316 or email me at 
			 art@gboutwell.com for a price quote!







i printed kickin up a little dust 8ft wide for a customer!i'm kneeling beside it to show how big it is.





originals available
several  original watercolor paintings are available
and you can pay them out with our
interest free time payment plan.
call 1-800-243-4316 for details!


show schedule
click here to see my show schedule!


sold out prints available
we have the following sold out prints now available.














a nice tree





texas tablecloth





a tribute to two trees



a play of light



backroads mall





lone star landscape



beauty and the beastie



bosque blanket





waiting for the bus



brush country









country cantina



covey crossing



el grande





texas sampler


flying colors



snowbirds





freedom regained



happy hour



cowdog cabana





hill county



in the nick of time



january 14th





i’ve crossed that bridge before



lunch line at the anchor x



martha’s fantasy





memories


morning splendor


morning veil





murphy’s law



november watch



barn cats





passing by



passion flower



prairie dell texas





range cube roundup



redneck reunion



regal radiance





run for the range cubes



salute to spring



seconds to spare





showers of sunshine



shrouded in serenity



spring break





star gazers



starting out right



texas blue norther












texas tapestry



snow deere



texas treasures





texas two step



the encounter



too close for comfort





west texas morning


where the rainbow touched down


where they pray for cotton





big volume bubba



junior’s



used cars




on the square



saturday matinee






shopping cart
complete art catalog
products
prints
originals
calendars
matched sets
cards

book
general information
about the artist
find our showroom
show schedule
newsletter
contact us
order a catalog
join our mailing list




 ||| george boutwell ||| 3083 highway 6, clifton, texas 76634 ||| 1-800-243-4316 ||| 
 ||| privacy policy ||| order/shipping information ||| 
website copyright ©2008-2020. all images are copyrighted works. all rights reserved.use of any image on this site for any purpose without express written permission of the artist is prohibited.












search for art


by titleby subject


  







