














home - gray’s inn tax chambers
home - gray’s inn tax chambers



















































						36 queen street, london, ec4r 1bn | +44 (0)20 7242 2642
					








home
barristers

david goldberg kc
nicola shaw kc
laurent sykes kc
michael jones kc
michael l firth kc
nikhil mehta
conrad mcdonnell
nicholas macklam
sam brodsky
harry winter
ben blades


clerks

ben stern – senior clerk
jamie hall – first junior clerk
paul connor
jane fullbrook
michael andrews


articles

gitc review


tax cases
pupillage
latest news
how to instruct us
contact us








 















find a barrister

search








in the early 1980s some thought was given to what our slogan might be if we were ever to advertise
the one we liked best was: “you’ll be glad you had that tax problem”. let us explain why…
the period since our chambers were established in 1965 has seen the expansion of the tax base and the introduction, with some frequency, of new forms of direct and indirect taxation.
new taxes brought, and continue to bring, complication to the world of tax; and they create or increase the need for highly competent legal advice relating to fiscal problems.
the aim of all of us here is to meet that need.
barristers regulated by the bar standards board.



prevent tax problems from arising

our ambition is to prevent tax problems from arising, we do that by keeping pace with the increasing technicality of the tax system, by maintaining a deep and expert knowledge of its detail, by providing helpful, innovative, elegant and simple solutions to the tax problems which ordinary life brings to individuals and which business brings to all involved in it; and, above all, we do it by giving advice without sitting on fences.
we think of ourselves as a family; and we enjoy working together and the work that we do. we hope to convey our sense of enjoyment and our pleasure in helping others to all our clients: individuals, trusts, partnerships, business organisations and corporations, large or small.



recent tax cases:


revenue and customs v yorkshire agricultural society – upper tribunal
michael firth kc appeared for the respondent
09 jan 2025
view case


chemidex generics ltd v revenue and customs – first-tier tribunal (tax)
david goldberg kc and sam brodsky appeared for the appellant
19 dec 2024
view case


revenue and customs v dettori – upper tribunal

09 dec 2024
view case




latest news:


nicola shaw kc wins tax silk of the year at legal 500 uk bar awards
nicola shaw kc has been awarded the tax silk of the year
30 sep 2024
read more




gitc review
the 2022 gitc review is now available
if you would like to be added to the mailing list for future issues of the gitc review, please send an email to jane.fullbrook@taxbar.com.
read review









































						contact
					

						36 queen street,
						london, ec4r 1bn
						phone: +44 (0)20 7242 2642
					



						quick links
					

home
barristers
clerks
articles
tax cases
pupillage
latest news
how to instruct us
contact us
 







privacy policy | © 2025 gray's inn tax chambers









we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 











homebarristers

david goldberg kc nicola shaw kc laurent sykes kc michael jones kc michael l firth kc nikhil mehta conrad mcdonnell nicholas macklam sam brodsky harry winter ben blades
clerks

ben stern – senior clerk jamie hall – first junior clerk paul connor jane fullbrook michael andrews
articles

gitc review
tax casespupillagelatest newshow to instruct uscontact us
















change cookie settings







close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 











