




royal palm beach dentist | smiles by jiveh






























 
				close
			



 
				skip to content
			




				high contrast
			



 
				increase text size
			



 
				clear all
			












blog






call us today!
561-798-9997



 | 




























home



about






your health safety

why choose us

new patient form

patient information form

medical history form

meet dr farokh jiveh

slow dentistry




general dentistry






oral surgery

sedation dentistry

dentures

root canal treatments

tmj treatment

dental bridges

dental cleanings

dental crowns




cosmetic dentistry






invisalign

clear aligners

sleep apnea treatment

smile makeovers

teeth whitening

tooth colored fillings

dental implants

laser dental treatments

dental veneers

gum therapy

virtual dentist consultation

all on 4 teeth in a day




reconstructive dentistry






full mouth reconstruction

worn teeth rehabilitation




testimonials



contact


































                    over 10,000 people helped in palm beach county since 1997
                

                    transform your life and self-esteem today!
                


                        let's get started
                    









royal palm beach dentist 
welcome to your one-stop dental clinic for quality caresmiles by jiveh offers modern and individualized dental services in royal palm beach, west palm beach, and palm beach county. we also serve clients from wellington and its surrounding areas. our team can treat dental concerns that require general, cosmetic, or reconstructive dentistry. your oral health is our priority and no matter why you visit us, we are here to help you smile with confidence. we welcome you to our office monday through thursday, from 9am to 5pm, and our staff members can answer your questions in english and spanish. smiles by jiveh also has payment plans available to make dental treatments more accessible. our team offers a complimentary initial appointment so you can meet us and learn about our process and comprehensive dental solutions.are you looking for a personable and experienced dentist in royal palm beach? smiles by jiveh can help! contact ustoday at (561) 798-9997 to schedule a consultation.




									about us
								



									patient stories
								











i am a dentist from pittsburgh, pa. i had the opportunity to learn from dr. jiveh! his work is incredible! he makes veneers and implants effortless and comfortable. he is an exceptionally skilled and talented practitioner!
elijah e.


















we are here for all your dental needs in royal palm beach and wellington
our general dentistry services include extensive preventative care with routine examinations and professional cleanings, to oral surgery and dentures. our goal is to support your oral health so you can bite, chew, and talk comfortably. taking care of your teeth and gums is vital for your general well-being. dr. jiveh and the rest of our team can address complex and severe concerns with reconstructive dentistry. we can also treat tmj pain and sleep apnea at our practice. if you are looking for a smile makeover, our cosmetic dentistry services can significantly enhance your smile. dr. jiveh is the president of the florida academy of cosmetic dentistry and uses his experience to offer you high-quality care. our cosmetic dental services include professional teeth whitening services, dental veneers, and laser treatments. if you need orthodontic solutions, we can help you with invisalign and other clear braces to reposition your teeth for optimal oral health and a beautiful smile.



								contact us
							

















reconstructive dentistry









cosmetic dentistry









general dentistry
























looking for high quality cosmetic dentistry?


					you're in the right place!
				



cosmetic dentistry services


complimentary initial consultation



















 
							why choose us?
						







lecturer & instructor to other dentists at palm beach dental academy






president of florida academy of cosmetic dentistry 2021






dr. jiveh has over 20 years of experience






we offer complimentary initial consultations










dr. jiveh
founder, dentist









individualized treatments for healthy and beautiful smiles
with 20 years of experience, our founder dr. farokh jiveh values your comfort and ensures it during dental treatment with sedation solutions and a kind staff that makes time for you and your questions. we are part of the slow dentistry network, and we schedule appointments with enough time to perform thorough physical examinations and educate you on available treatments. please call us today at (561) 798-9997 or fill out our online form to schedule your complimentary consultation!








1
virtual cosmetic consultation

											can't come in? send us a selfie!
										


get started 





2
request an appointment

											come see us and we'll help you love your smile!
										


book now 





3
why choose us?

											there's plenty of reasons to choose us.
										


learn more 






























561-798-9997












address


								11989 southern blvd
								 royal palm beach, fl 33411
							


 map & directions









										navigation
									




home

about

general dentistry

cosmetic dentistry

reconstructive dentistry

contact







site map


privacy policy
























