
















the versewagon








































































the versewagon



you get to read, watch and listen to poetry from robson isaac shoes lambada and also from friends of shoes lambada. also featured are stories on topical news in the spoken word field in zimbabwe.























shoes lambada the poet








































































thursday, october 9, 2014











halloween frenzy
violin
selling
or not.
scary
halloween fever
the violin diva
not selling









posted by



unknown




at

4:04 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, december 4, 2013








kofi awoonor’s poems to be first publication of african poetry book series posthumously 








kofi awoonor


prof kofi awoonor,78, died on the first day of the terrorist siege of westgate shopping mall (21 september 2013) in nairobi, kenya.ghanian-born poet, kofi awoonor, had agreed to be the first major african poet to be part of the african poetry book series. his new and selected poems with an introduction by fellow poet and scholar, kofi anyidoho, will be published in 2014 with assistance from the african poetry book fund, established by glenna-luschei editor of prairie schooner,kwame dawes, also from ghana. kofi, who was in town with his son afetfi, who sustained shoulder injuries, was attending the storymoja hay festival at the same venue where over 150 people gathered to bid him farewell. the farewell evening opened with singing of the kenyan and ghanaian national anthems. dr auma obama, presidnet obama’s half sister sent a tribute as did nigerian children’s author atinuke. some of those who read his works include celebrated authors peter godwin(zimbabwe), kwame dawes(ghana), nii parkes (ghana), warsan shire(somalia), teju cole(nigerian-american), billy kahora and binyavanga wainaina.

peter godwin


 professional storyteller aghan odero agan said : “we, the arts community will celebrate him as a giant on whose shoulders we will stand to see far”.

“we are devastated by the loss of professor awoonor, but hope must prevail,” said storymoja founder, muthoni garland, in announcing the tribute. the festival had to be cancelled after news of the attack. “[awoonor] is as a poet of witness, of great lyric grace and a remarkable capacity to combine his command of traditional ewe poetics with a modernist lyric sensibility,” says dawes. “that makes him one of the great african poets to have appeared in the twentieth century.  his agreement to be a part of this series is a tremendous coup.  we are extremely pleased.”

awoonor, a political activist and national ghanian hero, has been a champion of african poetry throughout his life. in addition to lecturing in english and african literature at the university of ghana, he directed the ghana film corporation, founded and directed the ghana playhouse, and served as an editor of the literary journal okyeame and as an associate editor of transition. awoonor sought to incorporate african vernacular traditions—notably the dirge song tradition of the ewe people—into modern poetic form,” notes the encyclopedia britannica. “his major themes—christianity, exile, and death are important among them—are enlarged from poem to poem by repetition of key lines and phrases and by use of extended rhythms. each poem in rediscovery and other poems (1964), for example, records a single moment in a larger pattern of recognition and rediscovery.”

also an internationally published author, kofi anyidoho, the editor of the new and selected poems, is an achieved scholar. he serves on editorial board for several journals in ghana and has been guest editor of matatu, a journal of african culture and society that is published in amsterdam. awoonor’s other volumes of poetry include night of my blood (1971), ride me, memory (1973), the house by the sea(1978), and the latin american and caribbean notebook (1992). his collected poems (through 1985) were published inuntil the morning after (1987).






posted by



unknown




at

1:50 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, october 3, 2013








1000 poets for change programme engage aaron chiwundura moyo








shonaliterary
legend , novelist , writer ,poet  ,
filmmaker and dramatist aaron chiundura moyo  
opened  the   girl child voices fiesta – 100tpc 2013 with
a bang at budiriro3 primary school in the high density suburb of harare
,zimbabwe  today from 215 pm to 430 pm.







the
2013 program is hive of activities with the theme defining girlchildvoices through artistic fusion, shaping artistic
skills and development girl child talent in schools and bring them for final
day to celebrate what they created in workshops and receive certificates to
motivate and inspire them horning their creativity.

chiundura
opened his facilitation by saying “ndainzi
matanda  mufirimu ndabvezera” .he acted in1989 with the
great ambuya mlambo. he told   
participating primary school children that the role of the writer, poet
and actor is to expose community rot , corruption , child abuse and other
abnormalities  like drug abuse and
unwanted pregnancies.

he
narrated vividly his life background which is a trailblazer  and mesmerizing , that he grew in farms  where he was working , he  stated grade 1  at 15 years old  ,  and
living under difficult circumstances  in
poor   and down trodden families   but all this led him to be the best creative
he wanted to  be , that create the super
shone writer of 15 shona novels  on which
some of them where set books in schools , he says today some ministers and top
people  , business man  and bankers learnt some of his books in
school  , books include chemera mudundundu , ziva kwawakabva,
kuridza ngoma nedemo,wakandibaya panyama nhete.the prominent writer have
also delved into children books writing.

the
participating students were happy , motivated and excited to meet the legendary
shona literature chekov of zimbabwe in person , his deep , fertile ,well
thought  folklores and tales  brought the  
budiriro3 primary library down with creative creative joy.

he   intertwined 
his nganos , readings  with an
sharp resonating instrument chipendani 
,the one he claim was made by his father in zimbabwean farms of kwekwe ,
children went dancing when this homemade traditional instrument was
whistled  that supported our theme defining
girlchildvoices  through artistic fusion.

after
the pen whistle/chipendani   and
storytelling legend moyo led children in  
impromptu writing skills session and the outcome of the writings will be
featured on grand fiesta on the 8th of october with other schools,
guests , reporters at first floor gallery in harare , further enhancing child
participation and promotion as well as motivation. the stories created by students
who were from the range of 10 to 13 years were of high quality  and of good taste.

present
at the event was pamela murambiwa the librarian and writers club coordinator at
budiriro3 primary school,mrs makolama library club member,mr sakutukwa  , mbizo chirasha , kudzai mutiti of
girlchildcreativity project. the program was also graced by the deputy head of
the school.

children
who participated were chosen because of their quest to write, prove their
talent and their ardency readership culture at their school and werechosen from
different classes

rumbidzai
ganda in grade 6  green /12 years,
mitchell kanguru 7 blue/13 years, ronald ndalama 7blue/13 years,larrisa
chirasha 4 orange/10 years,mitchell museredza 5blue/11 years, esther yobe
6blue/12 years,simbarashe gatsi 5 blue/11years,caroline mawondo 6blue/12
years,donald sakutukwa 5green/11 years.

these
children will participate on the festival at first floor gallery on the 8th
of october.



we  appreciate the role that  is being played by the american embassy
public affiars section in facilitating grants for such , great thanks 100tpc
for involving us in annually activities that promote the poetic/story creative
energy  , the zimbawean media , schools
and friends   ,our next  port of call 
is at vainona high in borrowdale with shoe lambada poet and kresiah  mkwazhi photographer will be kleading a
working on writing ,poetry  /photograghy
fusion.



by
mbizo chirasha- girlchildcreativity@gmail.com

kudzai
mutiti- kudzaimutiti22@gmail.com

or
girlchildcreativity@gmail.com

www.girlchildcreativity.blogspot.com

facebook-girlchildcreativity

twitter@girlchildcreate

flikr.com-
girlchildcreativity photostream







posted by



unknown




at

8:53 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















girl child creativity to host the global 1000 poets for change programme








introduction
and scope- the project is run   coinciding with the 100
thousand  poets for change  founded by  michael rothenberg 
poet , critic and creative projects experts in united states. the project is
run  in  more than 40 countries around  the world 
including  zimbabwe . mbizo chirasha is the coordinator of this event in
zimbabwe through girlchildcreativity project. the zimbabwean 100 thousand poets
for change is run as girlchildvoices fiesta in zimbabwe every year 28th of
september every year.
girlchildcreativity project was asked to be part
of this program because they are working hard to develop, motivate and
inspire young girls to define their voices, find their space the creative,
arts and literary prowess. the young girls are identified in schools ,
dropouts  , children homes  and  other youthful communities they
are mentored through artistic seminars , close up  with their role models
and performances programs, check ,www.girlchildcreativity.blogspot.com  ,girlchildcreativity project on 
face book  and girlchildcreativity photo stream onflikr.com for more information and past events.


letter of partnership from 100 thousand poets
for change

                      100 thousand poets for
change

                                              http://www.100tpc.org

 michael rothenberg

100 thousand poets for change

box 870

guerneville, ca 95446



mbizo
chirasha

founder/creative
director

girlchildcreativity
project

harare,
zimbabwe



september
26, 2013





dear
mr. mbizo chirasha, 



i
am writing to you to invite you and girl child creativity program to organize a
poetry reading, workshops,  and arts
event in harare, zimbabwe on september 28, 2013 in conjunction with 100 thousand poets for change. it would
be a great honor to have your participation and representation in this global
event once again. our partnership with your group over the years has been a
great inspiration and we look forward to your continued participation.



as
you know, 100 thousand poets for change is a global poetry initiative begun in
march 2011, with the vision that poets and artists around the world would
organize local poetry/art events simultaneously as a means to discuss real
political, environmental and social change within the guidelines of peace and
sustainability. the first 100 tpc event was on september 24, 2011 and was a
great success with over 600 events in 95 countries. because of this first
year’s success we held our second global event on september 29, 2012 and there
were nearly 700 events in 110 countries! so the support for this artist driven
movement for peace and sustainability continues to grow. 



to
support the 100tpc global initiative the website 100tpc.org
was launched
and event location blog pages were created, by city and country, for each event
organizer. we encouraged event organizers to post poetry, art, videos, and journals
on their pages to document their local 100 tpc events.



the
response to the call to action was so great that stanford university
volunteered to archive all of the 100 tpc event blog pages for posterity, as
their way of supporting 100tpc, and to acknowledge that the 100 thousand poets
for change movement is indeed historical. 







100
thousand poets for change events include poetry readings, parades, musical
concerts, workshops, flash mobs, skype sessions, art exhibitions and live
streaming. the results are transformative, and a new global poetry  and arts community has been created with
peace & sustainability as it’s major mission. poets and artists are daily
being empowered to get to know one another across borders, using real time
events and social networking, and we hope that through the 100tpc event we can
help redirect the dialogue
of the day and turn the narrative of civilization towards peace and
sustainability 



100
tpc will continue to organize poets and artists for peace and sustainability.
we have already set september 28, 2013 as the next 100 tpc global event, and it
would be a great honor to hear the voices from zimbabwe as part of this global movement. please feel
free to contact me to register for the event at walterblue@bigbridge.org. (the new event location blog pages for
2012 will continue to be archived by stanford university). 



also,
you can find the 100 thousand poets for change 2013 facebook event page at: https://www.facebook.com/events/101528880036977/?fref=ts



and
special news for the 100 thousand poets
for change 2013 initiative is that we have added a 100 thousand musicians for change program to our initiative. this
program has become very popular and will help to bring all the arts together
for an awesome 100 thousand poets for
change event! 



thank
you so much for your continued support and interest in this project. your
friendship is valued throughout the 100tpc community.  i look forward to continue hearing from
you, girl child creativity project and the poets of harare, zimbabwe! 



sincere
regards,





michael
rothenberg

100
thousand poets for change is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization

walterblue@bigbridge.org



ps.
you can learn more about me at big bridge online magazine. i am the editor and
publisher. http://www.bigbridge.org/bb15/2011_bb_15_editors/bioroth.htm 

 2013 theme- defining girl child voices through
artistic fusion.


main objective -  to make  young girls
realize  their potentials and use  their  potential  to
create  positive  space and voices for themselves and communities.
target groups- young talented girls and
boys  in schools.
2013 
implementation method- 
3   orientative  ,   motivational  ,
identification and  skills development and inspirational  workshops
will be held in 3 different schools that include  morgan high , vainiona
high and  budiriro3 and glen view primary schools- mentors of this
workshops will  include   a seasoned
photographer,    a seasoned female   visual artist
,mbira workshop  and   storyteller  and writer and
these  seminars  will done  both in practice  and they are
participatory and they will be under  a video shoot  to prepare
a  visual  video mobile exhibition that will be shown on the last
official day of the voices fiesta. poems, photographs and artistic works will
be selected for an  official exhibitions and recitals on the 08th october.
such will coincide with   feedback seminar between students, media
and guests to the final event.


programming
02 october  - 2pm -4pm budiriro 3
primary  school
- workshop  on story telling  
and poetry writing - by aeron chiundura moyo- the facilitator will read his
stories and poetry and  partake participants in a practical writing skills
session.

03 october  -2pm -4pm- vainona high school
 photography , writer s workshop- by shoes
lambada [ writing]and kresiah destiny mkwazhi [photography]- the facilitators
will also pass writing skills and how you can fuse writings  and
photography in a bide to create  photo poetry  and photo stories.

04 october- 2pm-4pm- morgan high school
visual arts practical workshop  ,
performance  poetry and mbira-  zanele mutema , mbizo chirasha and a
mbira musician-  participants will be taken through a journey of visual
arts   inspirational process , the  creativity  and
resonance of mbira music and your voice in performance poetry leading to a
visual ,musical poetry experience
08- october -530-730 pm-first floor gallery
 grand fiesta day-small exhibition of
poetry/visual works produced during workshops, story and poetry presentations
by  participants and young guest poets, discussion forum/press talk 
by  organizers , facilitators and participants with guests.


fiesta
artists, facilitators and coordinators



 karen magunda [20 yrs] - guest of honor on
the grand fiesta.
young girl of 20
years pf age ,grew up in mufakose .she finished high school at roosevelt high
and she is first year student at midlands state
university. she is a song writer, choreographer and singer. she founded fam
in  2012 - a foundation arts movement  mentoring ,promoting and
marketing young artists. she destined for greater heights.
mbizo chirasha
- the fiesta curator and coordinator/ zimbabwe
producer of 100 thousand for change. he is  a performing poet , widely
travelled , extensively published globally. he is the founder of many literary
and creativity initiatives in zimbabwe . he is the founder of
girlchildcreativity and its creative director.





- kudzai mutiti: assistant  fiesta coordinator, a second year  social studies student
at the university of zimbabwe. she is endowed with passion , maturity 
and drive. she have also worked with iiff international images film
festival  2013 as a venue manager and discusant.
tariro kambasha-grand fiesta presenter
a young singer  of 21 years  with a
dream to reach dizzy heights  , a singer of dancehall , presenter 
and budding film maker as well as an advocate of girlchild.


aeron chiundura moyo- writng and stories
facilitator
-veteran writer ,novelist and boradcaster


shoes lambada-poetry writing facilitator
-poet, writer ,organizer and coordinator of
zimbabwe poets for human rights






posted by



unknown




at

8:47 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, july 24, 2013








poetry in politics: west hollywood to zimbabwe






this story was taken from this website: http://www.appoet.org/2013/07/18/poetry-in-politics-west-hollywood-to-zimbabwe/ it was published on this site by stephen cass.

in west hollywood

since moving to los angeles a little over a
 month ago, i haven’t had the chance to attend an open mic. that was 
until last night when i ventured out to west hollywood to da poetry 
lounge.  my goal was to survey the local poets, not to read any of my 
own work. through my observations, i could not help but notice the timid
 voices behind powerful poetics. to their defense, for some of them it 
was their first time divulging such intimate information in a public 
forum, but it was rather peculiar to me that the collective voice of the
 group was rather quiet.
what brought about this general lack of confidence in a form of 
expression that so heavily relies upon honesty and charism? seeking 
answers, i looked to the protesting poets of zimbabwe whose story is 
beginning to pull the attention of the world.

on the streets of harare
there are a number of young artists acting out against political 
corruption, voter fraud, a manipulation of public opinion, and a general
 lack of fundamental liberties in an effort to hold their leaders 
accountable. they call themselves, “zimbabwe poets for human rights”  
and they are potentially in the midst of changing their political 
landscape with a presidential election coming up on july 31st.


the current president robert mugabe has served in is position since 
1987, winning four subsequent elections since. starting in 2002, his 
campaigns have been riddled with accusations of various kinds of fraud. 
policies like the public order and security act and the miscellaneous 
offenses act have been put in place to seemingly interfere and suppress 
public opinion and voter turnout.

these acts grant additional power to the executive party and police 
force through the limitations they set upon the public. some of these 
provisions include punishments for unauthorized wearing of camouflage, 
ringing a bell, playing music in a public place, or generally appearing 
mischievous (miscellaneous offenses act). in 2005 over 700,000 
individuals lost their homes and businesses through operation 
murambatsvina. opposing political parties, as well as the united nations
 argue that this was a way of ostracizing many of the less affluent 
communities in zimbabwe by forcibly removing them from their homes for 
what the administration claims to be an effort to stem illegal housing 
and the spread of infectious disease. after all of this, it is safe to 
assume that many of the citizens have had enough. their current form of 
protest is poetry, their prose acting as an effort to both rally and 
inform the public of the alleged corruption.

zimbabwe poets for human rights
the coordinator of zimbabwe poets for human rights, robson issac 
shoes lambda, has been on the forefront of this cultural crusade to hold
 their leaders accountable for their actions, as well as working to 
enact both political and voter reform. in his poem, “politicians and 
governancy,” he expresses the need for the public to head to the polls 
to promote this type of change. “voting is the beginning of the end of 
complaining,” he says with conviction, “and abstaining is donating your 
right to choosing. i choose to choose by voting and choose laughing over
 fighting, voting over sloganeering and voting over fighting”



in west hollywood many cries were similar to those of the zimbabwe 
protesters; though not with the same sense of enthusiasm, conviction, or
 urgency. their words rang true, there was no doubt about that, but they
 came out as murmurs. thoughts of police brutality, racial barriers, 
media censorship, and fallen soldiers plague the pasts of some of these 
southern california poets. many gave off the feeling of being helplessly
 trapped in a system that is entirely out of their control. their 
general distaste in the current state of our society was not 
complemented with a resolution. the death of the young man trayvon 
martin acted as inspiration to many of these young poets as they try to 
come to terms with, what they felt was, a police officer getting away 
with murder. one particular poet wore a hooded sweatshirt in solidarity 
for the deceased martin. while the audience generally supported the 
young woman as she read, the passion was nowhere to be found in the 
room. there was no outrage, no tears, only a lightly struck chord that 
faded away once the next poet began.

the zimbabwe poets for human rights are in a position to have a 
genuine impact in their looming elections as they seek a change to their
 current state of life and many are not going to sit idly by. having 
been under oppressive circumstances for decades now, they aim for the 
restoration of their essential human rights. their passion comes from 
recognizing the opportunity for improvement in a bleak situation that 
once may have been out of their control.

unification in poetry
what is it going to take for western poets to do the same and rise up
 as a unified voice? it’s a gentle balance between facing great societal
 injustices and having a platform to bring about change. at this very 
moment, the content is already there, it’s just a matter of finding a 
suitable voice to broadcast it. if an election is what it takes to usher
 in some form of poetic justice nowadays, we have three long years ahead
 of us. we can either stay silent in apathy or make as much noise as we 
possibly can. the zimbabwe poets for human rights chose the latter and 
we could be in the beginning stages of our own poetic movement if things
 continue down this path; for the more that is at risk, the louder 
voices become.







posted by



unknown




at

3:06 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, september 12, 2012







make it happen for videos for my poetry on indiegogo






<iframe src="http://www.indiegogo.com/project/210705/widget/831636" width="224px" height="429px" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>





posted by



unknown




at

7:34 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, september 10, 2012







japan effect









a hippie on the highway

takes the loot from a corolla

a gypsie from far away

gets paid from a corona

the fastest way of a mafia

is driving past with a nadia

the peak period traffic blitz

can only be overcome by a vitz



the stranded family paranoia

requires the space of a gaia

never come close with your lancer

i disregard the speed limit with my chaser

the rural shop owner who bragged with a cressida

now hoards with a lucida

overtaking with no mercy

the mark ii and the hiace

mover over create a double lane of space



i’m historical i believe in the clan of the ku-klux

paradoxically, i move in the bumpy hilux

this political game of opposition

has landed me in a lucrative position

i now roll with a bt50 courteous of the parliament

thank god the prolonged life of the inclusive government.






posted by



unknown




at

8:10 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



















osama









longer than expected he lived

but longer he remains dead

a female,

bullet-holed all over her skin

her body the bullet proof of the male combatant

osama’s son being bombed to heaven

just like the twin towers on septmebr eleven



the globe spinning

the atmosphere changing. 

leaders changing, others falling

nato royal airforce tornadoes targeting,

libya’s dockyard facilities. israel vowing,

never to return to 1967 borders. netanyahu to obama in white
house lecturing.

gaddaffi’s military installations loosening,

sadc troika on mugabe tightening

strauss khan a hotel maid sexually assaulting:

the next-french-president tag falling

pakistan taliban, al qaeda and saudi arabia brushing

tears from their sombre mourning

faces from morning till morning



osama: the afghan tora bora fugitive

equator of democracy to idolatry

america’s headache since bush

now that he is dead

al qaeda is sad

in abbottabad as the chopper pierced

the tense, masses fled

the dollar rose,

oil fell

stocks rose,

gold fell.

economics or politics?

international law or law of internationals?






posted by



unknown




at

8:08 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



















pass it on









the whitehead clings to the knobkerrie

the frail-skin to active duty

those with blood-fizzing cuts

can only be choice-makers
not
decision makers





posted by



unknown




at

8:07 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















translate





search this blog




















shoeslambada





performing in harare's first street at the world poetry day commemoration



is poetry an effective form of expression?





spoken word





weapons of mass instruction



contributors


unknown
poetshoes




the verse wagon

a site that explores poetry and other related perfoming arts forms.the pen is mightier than the sword, and the words written by the pen if spoken are mightier than the pen!!!!!



blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2014

(1)





        ▼ 
      



october

(1)


halloween frenzy
violin
selling
or not.
scary
hal...










        ► 
      



2013

(4)





        ► 
      



december

(1)







        ► 
      



october

(2)







        ► 
      



july

(1)









        ► 
      



2012

(20)





        ► 
      



september

(7)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(4)







        ► 
      



may

(8)









        ► 
      



2011

(3)





        ► 
      



july

(2)







        ► 
      



may

(1)









        ► 
      



2010

(4)





        ► 
      



september

(3)







        ► 
      



march

(1)









        ► 
      



2009

(13)





        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



june

(2)







        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



march

(3)







        ► 
      



january

(3)









        ► 
      



2008

(2)





        ► 
      



april

(2)

















shoes lambada the poet



















































travel theme. powered by blogger.
























