home | museum of natural history | university of colorado boulder skip to main content translateenglishspanishchinesefrenchgermankoreanlaonepalijapanesetibetansearchenter the terms you wish to search for.this siteall of colorado.eduother ways to search:events calendarcampus map museum of natural history research and innovation officehomevisitcalendarprogramssupportnewsexhibitsmuseum from homegraduate programresearch & collectionsabout the museumwhy do museums engage you?tell us by participating in the 2025 annual survey of museum goers, sponsored by the american alliance of museums.take the survey!home why do museums engage you? tell us by participating in the 2025 annual survey of museum goers, sponsored by the american alliance of museums.take the survey new fossil research shows multiple, viable pathways for the evolution of division of labor. a new fossil study from cu museum paleobiologists offers insight on how some colony-forming animals, divided labor millions of years ago.learn more  curator of paleontology dr. jaelyn eberle and team discover new prehistoric mammal species the opposum-like animal, a distant cousin of modern marsupials, lived 70–75 million years ago in northwestern colorado.read more in newsweek  cu boulder geologists awarded $1 million grant from the w.m. keck foundation curator of invertebrate paleontology carl simpson and colleague lizzy trower win $1 million in funding to extend the earth’s temperature record by 2 billion years!learn more  curator of archaeology dr. william t. taylor unveils a new history of horses taylor examines the relationship between horses and humans in his new book hoof beats: how horses shaped human history,learn more  curator of vertebrates christy mccain honored with distinguished research lectureship mccain studies how montane organisms are distributed on mountains around the world, and how those populations and species are influenced by human land use and climate change.learn more   triceratops returns to cu campus, bigger and better than ever! cu museum unveils full-scale cast and exhibit in the lobby of the sustainability, energy and environment community (seec) building on east campus. learn more   curator of paleontology dr. jaelyn eberle and team discover tiny fossil mammal in northern alaska the tiny ‘ice mouse’ thrived in what may have been among the coldest conditions on earth about 73 million years ago.read more at cu boulder today  exhibits featuring five exhibition galleries to explore natural and human history through engaging and interactive displays. open seven days a week and always free!learn more  family programs take your curiosity on a play date. free programs engage children and families throughout the year.learn more  research and collections with nearly five million objects, the cu museum houses the largest natural history collection in the region.learn more  adult programs engage with experts and artists while meeting others who share your passion for natural and cultural history.learn more  school programs hands-on learning with real objects enriches the classroom experience. check out our guided tours, workshops, and kit programs.learn more  join our mfs program we offer a master's of science in museum & field studies as well as a professional certificate for museum professionals and graduate students in other departments.learn more previousnext what's on  featured exhibits the museum's triceratops at seec(east campus) sustainability, energy and environment community building / online cu boulder is now home to a triceratops skeleton cast! click here to learn how to visit it on east campus and explore the exhibit online. take a closer lookmckenna gallery explore an elegant collection of museum objects through the macro photography lens of felix salazar. disponible en español.antarcticabiolounge / online take a deep dive, beyond antarctica’s ice, to the ancient dry valleys where cu conducts world-class research! disponible en español.horses in the north american westanthroplogy hall / online understand when, why, and how horses shaped human history by studying horse equipment and ancient animal bones. disponible en español. museum from home highlights family activities download activities for family fun. disponible en español.upcoming eventsbrowse our full calendar of lectures and events.lecture archivewatch past lectures in our online video archive.museum unlockedgo behind the scenes of the cumnh in our new podcast.ways to connectfollow us on social media or join our mailing list. family, student, and adult programs children and familiesfree programs and hands-on exhibits engage children and families throughout the year.students and facultycheck out our programs for lectures and workshops. study or meet with students in the biolounge. use the museum for a class project!biolounge students using the museum faculty using the museum adultsengage with experts and artists while meeting others who share your passion for natural and cultural history.aia lecture series tree walks schools and groupsour guided programs are fun, interactive, and developed to address state and local school curriculum standards.field trips schedule a tour discovery kits for the classroom visit ushenderson building15th and broadway, boulder, co 80309directions and parkingcontact us  303-492-6892   cumuseum@colorado.edustay connected  facebook  instagram  mailing listhours of operationtuesday – friday: 9am – 5pmsaturday – sunday: 10am – 4pmclosed mondaysbecome a museum insiderjoin us today and support the museum’s ongoing mission of research, education, and stewardship of the largest collection of natural and human history artifacts in the rocky mountain region. learn more about becoming a museum insider!the cu museum of natural history is accredited by the american alliance of museums.mailing addressesexhibits, administration, and anthropologyhenderson building218 ucb, 15th and broadway, boulder, co 80309vertebrate zoology, invertebrate zoology, paleontology, and entomologybruce curtis building265 ucb, boulder, co 80309herbariumclare small arts and sciences building382 ucb, boulder, co 80309museum of natural historyhenderson building, 15th and broadway, boulder, co 80309  303-492-6892   303-492-4195  cumuseum@colorado.eduuniversity of colorado boulder© regents of the university of coloradoprivacy • legal & trademarks • campus mapuniversity of colorado boulder© regents of the university of colorado