






		potter park zoo	

















































































home
menumenu



visit

ticket salesplan your visit

plan your visitfrequently asked questionszoo and park rules 
accessibility

accessibilityaudio toursprogramssensory inclusivevirtual tours 
attractionsanimal meet & greetsschools & groupswild wanderers clubzoo map
animals

all animalsmammals

african lionamur tigerarctic foxbinturongblack rhinocanadian lynxcape porcupinecotton-top tamarineastern bongoelkfarmyard animalsgiant anteaternorth american river otterokapipallas' catpatagonian cavyred kangaroored pandaring-tailed lemursnow leopardspider monkeywestern grey kangaroowestern tufted deer 
birds

eurasian eagle-owlking vulturemagellanic penguinnorth american bald eaglepeafowlravensouthern ground hornbill 
reptiles & amphibians

african spurred tortoiseargentine black and white tegublanding's turtlegila monstermassasauga rattlesnakepuerto rican crested toadspotted turtletimber rattlesnake 

events

public events calendarprivate events
conservation

conservationaza safeconservation eventsprojects and programsways to make a difference

ways to make a differenceamur tigerblack rhinomonarch butterflynorth american bald eaglenorth american river ottermagellanic penguinred panda 

education

family programs

family programsfalconerszoo in your neighborhood 
k-12 programming

big zoo lessoneresa animal science classhomeschool zoo crew 
education tourssummer campprofessional developmenteducation resources
support

donate

planned givinganimal enrichment 
sponsorships

program sponsorshipevent sponsorshipexhibit sponsorship 
membershipadopt an animal

adopt an animal recognition board 

about

about the zoojoin our team

job openingsinternshipsjob shadowsbe a volunteer

adopt-a-gardenbe a volunteercollege conservation ambassadorzoo teen program 
 
bloghistory

centennial 
zoo advisory boardzoo societycontact us
contact

contactcharitable donation request


donate to the zoo!




								search 









go!


 



















it's time for a zoo adventure!








purchase tickets online
learn more



									tickets may also be purchased at the gate on the day of your arrival.									learn more






plan a visit
learn more



									potter park zoo is a 20 acre zoo within an 80 acre park located in the capital city of lansing, michigan. with over 350 animal residents there is always something new and exciting to see. come explore the zoo and help us celebrate, study, and protect the diversity of animals and their habitats.									learn more






support the zoo!
learn more



									each year thousands of children and adults visit potter park zoo and participate in a variety of educational outreach programs. these programs would not be possible without the generous support of friends like you! your gifts benefit the zoo by providing ongoing financial support that ensures the health and well-being of all the animals at the zoo and provides for education and outreach, conservation, animal welfare programs, and capital improvement projects.									learn more






conservation
learn more



									our mission is to inspire people to conserve animals and the natural world. potter park zoo is doing our part to save species around the world through research, education, breeding and release programs and much more.									learn more






education tours
learn more



									guided tours are a great way to visit the zoo! through our programs, we hope to inspire learners of all ages to make small changes and take action to protect animals and the wild places they live.									learn more






become a member
learn more



									are you ready for a full year of wild adventures? become a potter park zoo member! members receive free standard admission, discounts at our gift shop, concessions, and much more. best of all, you are making a lasting impact on wildlife conservation – for now and for years to come!									learn more








upcoming events





april
11



april 11 @ 5:00 pm - 8:00 pm
night at a living museum







april
19



april 19 @ 12:00 pm - 4:00 pm
party for the planet







april
25



april 25 @ 12:00 pm - 3:00 pm
arbor day celebration







may
22



may 22 @ 5:00 pm - 8:00 pm
zoo nights







may
23



may 23 @ 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
world turtle day celebration







june
7



june 7 @ 9:00 am - 12:00 pm
michigan waterway stewards river cleanup





view all events







our mission: inspiring conservation of animals and the natural world.
diversity statement: valuing diversity at potter park zoo by creating an inclusive, equitable and accessible environment for our employees, volunteers and community.
the potter park zoological society is a private, 501 (c) 3, non-profit organization that supports potter park zoo. 38-2153808


























sign up for our newsletter!email *select list(s) to subscribe tonew website general interest example: yes, i would like to receive emails from potter park zoo. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact 



home








admissions
animals
events
conservation
blog
history
contact us

© copyright 2017 - 2025, potter park zoo  |  1301 s. pennsylvania ave, lansing, mi 48912




 















