



patong beach on phuket island in thailand

















 












this site is dedicated to a place we love - 
      patong beach on phuket island in thailand. 


welcome to phuket 
general information 
accommodation 
things to do and see
 shopping  
 links of interest  
  facts and faq
  photo gallery 
  how to get here and there
  medical tourism to phuket
  info for gay & lesbian 
  books about thailand
e-mail:webmaster



phuket - thailand

click to send e-mail:
      or copy this email address to your email program webmaster@
      beachpatong.com
      call directly by skype




phuket gay homestay - neramit hillpromote your page too























 before you travel, read some books. order online below. 











 



 













welcome 
                          to phuket and patong beach. 
                          (update 19 july 2011)



                          upcoming events: 



patong 
                        patong beach is the most popular and well-developed
                        beach on phuket island. long recognized as one of the
                        world's top 10 diving sites, phuket is now thailand's
                        most important tourist destination, offering a variety
                      of beaches, attractions and exciting night life.
phuket island
phuket island has 17 sandy beaches. 
this photo is from patong beach. take a look in our
                        photo gallery for more beach photos.
                        koh phuket is thailand's largest island. it is 50 km
                        long north to south and 21 km wide and joined to the
                        mainland by sarasin bridge.
                        phuket has been inhabited since the early days of mankind
                        by ancient tribes and this still keeps archaeologists
                        occupied to find out the history from the early days.
                        on the ancient maps of the region around thailand's south
                        west coast, the name junk ceylon can be seen describing
                        a way station on the route between india and china where
                        seafarers stopped to shelter. this island is today known
                        as phuket.
phuket island was assumed by geologists to be once part
                        of the mainland in the form of a cape sticking out into
                        the andaman sea but millions of years later the cape
                        was gradually eroded by natural forces and finally detached
                        from the main land.
one of the first known traces of phuket is from
                         a book written around the year 157 by claudius
                        ptolemy, a famous greek philosopher, that to travel to
                        malay peninsula by ship, the travelers had to pass a
                        cape known as junk ceylon. located
                        between latitudes 6 n and 8 n (which is the present site
                        of phuket island), junk ceylon was at that time visited
                        by merchants of several nations including india, persia,
                        and arabia. the island offered a bay that protected
                        its harbor from the wind and monsoon, making it a good
                        stopover. moreover, it had plenty of tin ore deposits
                        that fetched high prices at that time.
a
                        memorable moment in phuket history was when a passing
                        sea captain, francis light, sent word that the burmese
                        were en route to attack. forces in phuket were assembled
                        led by the two heroines, kunying jan, thao thep krasattri,
                        wife of phuket's recently deceased governor, and her
                        sister mook, thao si sunthon. there was a shortage of
                        men so she allegedly ordered 500 women to dress as soldiers
                        with coconut palms daubed in soot to look like weapons.
                        this tactic seemed to delay a full-on burmese attack.
                        after a month's siege the burmese were forced to depart
                        on 13 march, 1785. kunying jan and her sister were credited
                        with the successful defense.
                        the burmese attacked phuket three more times between
                        1809-12 but armed forces from bangkok arrived in time
                        to repel further burmese onslaughts. with burma's capitulation
                        to the british, ensured that there would be no more burmese
                        invasions of thailand. 
during the nineteenth century chinese immigrants arrived
                        in such numbers to work for the tin mines that the ethnic
                        character of the island's interior became predominantly
                        chinese, while the coastal settlements remained populated
                        essentially by muslim fishermen.
in rama v's reign, phuket became the administrative
                        center of a group of tin mining provinces called monton
                        phuket, and in 1933, with the change in government from
                        absolute monarchy to a parliamentary system, the island
                        was established as a province by itself.
 it was not until 1967 that sarasin bridge was built
                        to connect the main land with phuket.
 tin mining industry has played a specially important
                        role in the economic development of the island province
                        but it has declined especially after 1985 when the price
                        of tin fell by half. other  important products of
                        phuket are marine products, latex, rubber, fuel oil and
                        frozen fish.
with the opening of an international airport in 1976,
                        phuket effectively became a tourist economy. over 4 million
                        tourists arrived to phuket in year 2002 and they spent
                        about 72 billion baht on the island. 
the permanent island population consists of a 
                        total of 292,245 (end 2005) with 140,703 males and 151,542
                          females. they consist of thai-buddhist, 71%; muslim
                          25%; and chao le (sea gypsy) 4%. the majority of population
                        live in phuket town and at patong beach.
thalang national
                          museum
                      if you want to learn more about the history of phuket we
                      recommend a visit to the thalang national museum. this
                      museum was established in 1985 in thalang just 200 meters
                      from the heroines monument. built in a southern architectural
                      style, the museum exhibits the battle of thalang, the way
                      of life, culture and history of phuket and the south.



photo patong beach 1977 ?
patong beach is a beach on phuket's
                        west coast. it is the main
                        tourist resort in phuket and contains the
                        centre of phuket's nightlife and cheap
                        shopping on the island. the beach became popular with
                        western tourists, especially europeans, in the late 1980s.
                        numerous large hotels and chain hotels are located in
                        patong
patong beach is maybe more famous for its nightlife
                        than the 2-kilometer beach that runs the entire length
                        of patong. nightlife is centered on two main areas bangla
                        road and paradise complex, with bangla road being predominantly
                        straight and paradise complex being predominantly gay.
                        much mixing of the two scenes occurs due to phuket island's
                        tolerant nature.
on december 26, 2004, patong beach along with many other
                        areas along the western coast of phuket and thailand
                        were struck by a tsunami caused by the 2004 indian ocean
                        earthquake. the wave caused a great deal of destruction
                        to the waterfront of the beach although the destruction
                        was not nearly as bad as nearby in khao lak. it took
                        probably less than 6 months to rebuild 80% of what was
                        destroyed and 1 year after you could hardly not see any
                        traces of destruction caused by the tsunami. 
patong beach - history 
                        official permanent population is 14797 (2006) persons
                          but the real number is probably as high as 60,000 in
                          high season. 
1827 baan kathu and baan patong are small villages without
                        convenient transportation
1898 the island is organized into five grades of local
                        administration.
1947 the government approves 60,000 thb for a basic road
                        over the hill to patong
1969 patong is upgraded to a "sanitation district" and
                        taxes of 20,000 thb a year are collected.
1976 a sealed road is built to patong.
1979 electricity arrives
1994 patong sanitation district is upgraded to a municipally
2004 patong was hit by the asian tsunami 26 december
2005 recovery year, tourism back to
                        80% at end of the year. opening  of patong otop shopping
                        paradise, thanon rat-u-thit 200p (south end). 
2006 jungceylon,  patong's first full-fledged
                      modern air-con shopping mall, complete with 200 shops,
                      integrated hotel, etc. still under construction and the
                      opening has been postponed several times, but will probably
                      launch some time in end of 2006


                        welcome to phuket - patong - thailand - asia 

 












 
 


 

reservations at phuket gay homestay | e-mail 
              get more information from our website: 
              beachpatong.com | gaypatong.com
 copyright 1998-2012 www.beachpatong.com
            webmaster@beachpatong.com
          

 

 




























