



compassionate pug rescue | a non-profit all volunteer pug rescue organization		
































































































 

help the pugs

fostering
volunteers needed!


about us+

contact us
our sponsors


adoptable pugs
fospice pugs
 adoption & surrender (click here)
pugs+

new beginnings
in memory of…
senior pugs


events
blog
 




 



 

 

 

 

 

 






welcome to compassionate pug rescue! compassionate pug rescue (cpr) is an all volunteer organization dedicated to saving the life of one pug at a time. we open our homes and our hearts to provide food, shelter, medical care, a warm bed and loving hands to help the hundreds of broken, needy and hurting little ones that come to us. it is our goal to match each and everyone with the best possible forever home… so that they will never again be homeless.


meet the pugs in permanent foster & hospice care cpr currently has about a dozen pugs and non-pugs in permanent foster or hospice care.
with the generosity of our supporters, we are able to help each of these precious souls with their special dietary, medical and physical needs!
click the link below to see pics and learn more about each pug in our permanent foster/hospice program!
http://www.compassionatepugrescue.com/permanent-foster


featured adoptable pet
gizmo meet gizmo, a true 5 1/2 year old gremlin velcro pug ? this handsome boy is a big ball of... view full description » like & follow us on facebook! 





					12,885				







compassionate pug rescue
cpr is a 100% volunteer staffed nonprofit pug rescue organization primarily serving south florida. 







compassionate pug rescue
 

 5 months ago  






		another big thank you is in order!  this time a big thank you goes to terri & joe for donating a dog bed, food, grooming supplies, medications and lots of fun toys in memory of all of their pups, most recently loki and gunner.  sadly, both were lost within months of each other.  hope those boys are running, playing and eating all the best snackies while they wait at the bridge! 🐾🌈			
... see moresee less



photo	


view on facebook

·
share



share on facebook



share on twitter



share on linked in



share by email







 




latest posts

rufus

				august 12, 2020	
			
rufus recently crossed the rainbow bridge at the ripe ole’ age of 14 (almost 15!). he brought us so much joy and was loved beyond measure. our world is forever changed by him. he was adopted in 2011 and had a great life and was loved by all. he will be forever missed.
read more »


oback aka obie

				june 19, 2020	
			
obie came to cpr as an owner surrender at approximately 12 years old. this little guy required two surgeries for parathyroid carcinoma, and a procedure to remove bladder stones. due to chronically high calcium levels, the potential for kidney failure, and a degenerative spine condition, he was transitioned into his permanent foster home. do you […]
read more »


lola the puggle

				june 16, 2020	
			
sadly, we had to help lola go to the rainbow bridge in october 2020. we look forward to the day when we can all meet again… until that day, rest in peace beautiful lola. you will be greatly missed. lola is a sweet senior puggle who was surrendered at the age of 13. soonafter she […]
read more »


itty bitty and baxter boy

				june 11, 2020	
			
we are itty bitty and baxter boy, the most loving pug couple you will ever meet! we like to do everything together. as senior citizens (baxter is 14, itty bitty is 12), we are not particularly active but do play with each other! we like to be on a schedule which includes morning meal, short […]
read more »


pearl aka luvie update!

				april 26, 2020	
			
we are thrilled to let you all know that pearl a/k/a luvie was feeling well enough to leave the 24 hr care facility and got to go home to her foster-to-adopt family to continue her treatment at home!
read more »



 
pearl a/k/a luvie, a pug in need

				april 23, 2020	
			
when there’s a pug in need, this pug rescue group will go to great lengths to do as much as we possibly we can…. with your support! 
read more »


rauli

				march 23, 2020	
			
hello pug lovers! thanks for checking me out – i’m rauli! i’m a dapper senior, still very frisky and playful. i don’t have an aggressive bone in my svelte body. i have extra rolls of love handles from my weight loss. i get along well with all other dogs and people. i love to sleep […]
read more »













newsletter sign-up
first name:



last name:



email address: 





leave this field empty if you're human: make a one-time donation








subscription based




i'd like to help cpr pugs with:
donation of : $10.00 usd - monthly
donation of. : $25.00 usd - monthly
donation of.. : $50.00 usd - monthly
 




 florida registration#: ch22507
a copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling toll-free (800-435-7352) within the state. registration does not imply endorsement, approval, or recommendation by the state.

  





about us compassionate pug rescue in south florida (tax id #65-1136714) is a 501(c)3 non-profit, volunteer run pug rescue organization based in south florida. cpr accepts all pugs and occasionally other dogs on the brink of being put to sleep regardless of their condition, nurses them back to health and finds them a loving forever home.

shop with igive!when you shop with igive and specify compassionate pug rescue as your charity of choice, a portion of every purchase is donated to cpr.
thank you for your continued support! 




events
links
 


								© 2025 compassionate pug rescue -

																		a non-profit all volunteer pug rescue organization																		-
powered by petfinder.com






















