











public speaking | fear of public speaking | public speaking without fear







 
returning clients click here 


















 

 

 

  415-506-4472 








as seen on the today show and in the new york times.
reduce your fear of  public speaking down to almost nothing
with a scientifically-proven solution
that's already helped over 3496 people
when you speak in public do you experience?
sweaty palms?
 shaky hands?
 sleepless nights?
 dry mouth?
 racing thoughts?
 pounding heart?
 forgetting what you had to say?

if so, i've got great news for you.
there is a program so powerful that it takes a fear of public speaking that causes your body to shake  and your mind to freeze down to almost  nothing — so you can relax and actually enjoy public speaking… maybe for  the first time in your life.
this one-on-one phone program delivers an entirely new  approach to reducing negative emotions like fear and is called the lefkoe method.  instead of using positive thinking,  visualizations or relaxation techniques — which are like putting bandaids on a  compound fracture — this program addresses the core causes of your fear because addressing the real problem is how you produce lasting change.
bob hunsicker handled his fear of public speaking back in  2005 and remains fearless to this day.   as a result, he's been able to speak for his company at events around  the world while feeling calm and confident. here's what he has to say about his  newfound freedom to speak in public.

"i can't  imagine ever being fearful to speak in public again."
i am very  pleased to tell you that, in addition to the big one in sweden, i also made  about a half dozen or so theatre style trade show booth presentations at  dallas...all with absolutely no sign of fear or anxiety! 

  i cannot  believe it.  i actually was looking forward to my next one while in  dallas.  i cannot tell you how much of a burden has been lifted off my  shoulders.  i feel like i am now in so much more control of my  career.  i can't imagine ever being fearful to speak in public again.

bob hunsicker, 
unisys, senior product manager,  malvern, pa 
disclaimer: independent researchers found that on average fear was reduced to 1.5 on a 10-point scale in which 1 is no fear.  so most participants had almost nonexistent fear.


  robert medlock completed our program back in 2005 and since  then has been able to speak in front of groups and at meetings when before he  would be silent.


"morty's process is fast,  effective and efficient and my public speaking fear is gone, period."


i've always been held  back by the fear of speaking in public. and, frequently, i was not able to  enter into group discussions until we had met four or five times. this  inability was limiting in my business and personal relationships because i  rarely got my voice into important conversations in time to have any influence  on the outcome. 

      however, just three days after my second session, i spoke in front of a  group of new people four times, totally without fear or apprehension. before  these sessions, speaking in front of a new group had always been extremely  difficult, if not impossible. 

      now, speaking in front of groups and with potential coaching and  training clients has taken on a lightness and ease. my first two marketing  calls this week landed me two new coaching clients and my coaching has taken on  a new clarity. 

      morty's process is fast, effective and efficient and my public speaking  fear is gone, period.

robert medlock
executive coach
fort collins,  colorado
disclaimer: independent researchers found that on average fear was reduced to 1.5 on a 10-point scale in which 1 is no fear.  so most participants had almost nonexistent fear.
  

the reason most programs fail to dramatically reduce the fear of public speaking
since we created the speaking without fear program back in  2003, we've helped over 3496 people  overcome their fear of public speaking when everything else failed them.
these other programs failed because they all have one  glaring flaw:
most programs don't effectively deal with the core causes of fear.
most solutions are like trying to cure a brain tumor with  pain killers.  sure, the surface symptoms  will go away for a while with drugs but only by cutting out the tumor can you  save the patient.
and if you have the fear of public speaking, you can feel  better for a while by using relaxation techniques, affirmations and  visualizations but because these techniques don't address why the fear was  there in the first place, they don't work in the long term.
so what really causes the fear?  fear and most other negative emotions are  caused by beliefs.  i know this may not  sound like an obvious connection yet.  so  let me give you an example.
case study of a client who dramatically reduced her fear
the last time i had worked with frumi barr she had already unlearned 5 of the beliefs that had been causing her fear.  she was still experiencing some fear when  speaking in public, but it had gone from a 10 on a scale of 1-10 (in which 10 is  extreme fear) down to a 4.  now we had to  find the remaining belief that caused her fear.  
we discovered that she was still worrying about how people  would respond to her if she made a mistake or said something wrong.
with a little probing we found that her belief was "if i  make a mistake or fail, i'll be rejected."   this belief explained why she still had some fear when speaking in  public.
i took her through the 6 steps of the lefkoe belief process  to help her unlearn this belief.  when  we were done she imagined speaking in public and experienced no fear.  but she still had to actually speak in public  to make sure the fear was totally gone. one week later she spoke in public and  had absolutely no fear.
that was back in 2003 and from that day to this she is still  a fearless public speaker.
here's what she says about what happened for her.




every time i had to stand up in front of an audience of as few as 30  people i felt a real fight-and-flight panic reaction. after my sessions, i gave  a three-hour class at cal state long beach and felt no fear at all.  

  originally i had felt somewhat skeptical until i got in front of a room  filled with people and realized that i was no longer in a state of panic. i  really appreciate the lefkoe method because the fear is gone. 

  frumi barr, business advisor
www.frumi.com
disclaimer: independent researchers found that on average fear was reduced to 1.5 on a 10-point scale in which 1 is no fear.  so most participants had almost nonexistent fear.
  

the reason her fear  is still gone after all these years is we found all the beliefs causing her fear and she unlearned them.  she didn't  have to practice affirmations, visualize or do relaxation techniques. she came  to her sessions and let us guide her through some challenging exercises.  and although it wasn't easy, it was worth it  because her fear has been gone from 2003 until today and will likely be gone for the rest of her  life because she addressed her fear at its roots.
scientific proof the lefkoe method works
to our knowledge nobody offering to help people reduce  the fear of public speaking has submitted their work to scientific scrutiny to  see if it works for most people.  i can  only guess why.
however, we knew that letting independent researchers test  our results with a double-blind study—the gold standard in scientific research—was  the only way we could show reasonable people how effective our solution is.
so back in 2004 when dr. lee sechrest, professor emeritus at  the university of arizona, said he would be willing to study the lefkoe  method's ability to help people with a fear of public speaking, i said yes  without hesitation.
at the beginning of the study, the scientists divided 37  people into two groups.  members of both  groups rated their fear at a level of 7 or above on a scale of 1-10 scale, in  which 10 is extreme fear and 1 is no fear at all.  one group was exposed to the lefkoe  method.  the second group was not.
after the first group completed an average of 3.3 hours with  a lefkoe method facilitator their average rating of fear had gone from 7 to 1.5—a  significant reduction.   the second group  experienced no improvement despite the fact that they were attending  toastmasters meetings regularly.
we then had the second group also unlearn their beliefs  with the lefkoe method.  their fear was  reduced to almost nothing as well.
and to make sure the results were not a short term fluke dr.  sechrest and his team followed up with both groups six months later.  and here's what he found.


we had expected that the  fear would come back but it didn't. they had, in fact, changed. their fear of  public speaking was gone.   
--dr. lee sechrest
      professor emeritus
      university of arizona









                                these study results were published in the peer-reviewed journal,clinical psychology and psychotherapy, because the results are solid enough to gain the attention of respected scientists.
what this means for you is that this process that helped 37 people in the study and over 3496 people in our practice can help you as well.
here's what just one member of that study had to say about  the results he got from a statement made nearly two years after the study was  completed.








"i don't feel the anxiety i did before..."


two years after i went through this methodology, it's  fantastic. it's changed my life.  i used  to feel when i was in front of people a general feeling of anxiety and fear —  sweaty palms, sweaty brow, my voice would quiver, my stomach would tie up in  knots. the way i feel now after doing the lefkoe method is i don't feel the  anxiety i did before whether in a one-to-one conversation or a group.  i feel much more confident.  i don't feel a sense of urgency, a sense of  anxiety, or a sense of fear.  i just feel  kind of an excitement. and it really doesn't matter as much who i'm talking to  or the demeanor of who i'm talking to.   if they're friendly, great. if they are not so friendly, i can read that  and understand where they're coming from but it does not reduce my sense of  confidence.

--robert gonzalez
disclaimer: independent researchers found that on average fear was reduced to 1.5 on a 10-point scale in which 1 is no fear.  so most participants had almost nonexistent fear.

here's another statement from a participant in the study written over 20 months after the study was completed.
"i wondered when i could take my next breath... "


when i stood up in front of people, i would very often  feel nervous, be afraid of forgetting what i was going to say, my hands would  feel very clammy at times, and i felt this general fear, this kind of anxiety  and fear of saying the wrong thing, almost palpitations of the heart, running  very fast.  my mouth would get dry and  i'd feel breathless—i wondered when i could take my next breath because i was  running out of breath.


the lefkoe method has helped me in presenting to  prospects in my business, to get them to convince them to do business with  me.  helped me with subordinates who  report to me and my colleagues and helped me become a more visible, more  noticeable person in our office.

i underwent the experience not quite two years ago. one  of my concerns was that this would go in one ear and out the next and i'd be  back to where i as before.  but it has  stayed with me.

--tim smith
disclaimer: independent researchers found that on average fear was reduced to 1.5 on a 10-point scale in which 1 is no fear.  so most participants had almost nonexistent fear.

what can you accomplish when your fear is gone?
one client who worked with us in 2006 overcame her fear  and as a result was better able to promote her business. 
"... the first time in  my life i experienced actual enjoyment of speaking in front of a group."
i just  got back from my speaking presentation in albuquerque. it went really well. i  was so comfortable on stage i surprised myself. there were about 54 people,  which consisted of 26 buying parties in the room. we sold 6 of our executive  purpose hawaii retreats, including bookings for next year which represented a  25% closing ratio. i would say on the  scale of 1-10, i was less than a 1. i really was not nervous. my mouth got  a little dry, but i recovered after getting a drink of water. i received a lot  of great feedback, people were inspired, etc. 

  so i have  to say it is the first time in my life i  experienced actual enjoyment of speaking in front of a group. this is my  goal realized. i want to have fun and  enjoy and inspire! so thank you for your help getting me here. i really  appreciate your support! 
--desiree  watson
 
disclaimer: independent researchers found that on average fear was reduced to 1.5 on a 10-point scale in which 1 is no fear.  so most participants had almost nonexistent fear.


  another client is a medical marketing consultant who felt it was difficult to move forward in her  career due to her fear of public speaking.   below she describes what she's now able to do.



i had a great fear of public speaking and in my  career i really needed to be at the podium talking to hundreds of doctors.  and now i do it all the time.  as a matter of fact i'm leaving right now to  go to florida where i'll be addressing over 100 doctors and i wouldn't have  been able to do that years ago and now i can.

--catherine maley
disclaimer: independent researchers found that on average fear was reduced to 1.5 on a 10-point scale in which 1 is no fear.  so most participants had almost nonexistent fear.

great news for busy people
most of the people we work with are successful professionals  and so are very busy.  they can't spend their days on a therapist's couch.  they need  to get results in hours not months or years.
our speed is one reason so many people choose us.  the lefkoe method takes about 4 hours to  reduce your fear of public speaking to almost nothing.   i know that seems like a very short time to overcome a fear you  may have had for years and i understand if you're skeptical.  i would be too if i hadn't seen the process  work thousands of times.
that's why we offer a guarantee that's unprecedented for any service designed to help people overcome fear.
our unconditional, lifetime, money-back guarantee
the lefkoe method must free you from your fear in no more  than four hours and not just for a  day, a few weeks, or a year—but for the rest of your life.  if you do not continue to be a calm,  confident public speaker for any reason, you can get your money back just by  making a phone call.  we can afford to make  it that easy for you because our track record is so strong.
"it's hard to believe that 3 one-hour sessions can undo years of a belief, but it's true."
i used to  get nervous before speaking and question whether what i had to say was  important or entertaining enough. as such, i would avoid situations where i had  to speak or i would spend an incredible amount of energy beforehand being  nervous. since working with the lefkoe institute, i had the opportunity to  speak in front of 1200 people. my intention was to be spontaneous and authentic  -- and i was! without fear! 

  this is  great in that i no longer have to waste time or energy being nervous before  speaking. it's hard to believe that 3  one-hour sessions can undo years of a belief, but it's true. i would  definitely recommend to anyone being held back by a fear of public speaking or  wasting energy worrying about what they may say, talk to the folks at the lefkoe  institute. quit being stuck! 

beth burns, 
professional life coach
disclaimer: independent researchers found that on average fear was reduced to 1.5 on a 10-point scale in which 1 is no fear.  so most participants had almost nonexistent fear.

"after  my 2 sessions, my fear was 100% gone." *
my fear of public speaking was preventing me from getting promoted and  handling more responsibility. i would stutter, get anxious, and make mistakes  in front of my managers and important clients. as a result, my managers did not  think i had the abilities to be promoted. 

  after my 2 sessions, my fear was 100% gone. 

  since completing my sessions, i've successfully done 2 presentations to  20 people, some of whom were antagonistic to me; held my own and stood up for  myself in front of others; and met 2 chief officers of a firm and talked to  them with poise, knowledge, and was articulate. it was sad seeing my coworker  stammering, acting anxious, and making mistakes- the same stuff i used to do  until 2 weeks ago. 

  the best thing i like about overcoming my fear is that i now sound  intelligent and competent to my clients and managers, so that i can garner more  respect and perhaps a promotion.  i think the best thing about this process is that it's results have lasted for the past 7 years. i didn't need to spend 6 months on a doctor's couch, and i  saw the results immediately. 

  thanks  for discovering and helping us with this awesome process. 

alexandra sathi, consultant
*disclaimer: independent researchers found that on average fear was reduced to 1.5 on a 10-point scale in which 1 is no fear.  so most participants had almost nonexistent fear.

here's how to get started
to get started just call us on the phone at 415-506-4472 to schedule your  first appointment or click the order button below to book your first session.  






each one-hour session is $450.  and since it usually takes 4 sessions to overcome your fear, the total cost of the program is $1800. and if you're one of  those rare people who requires a 5th session, you won't be billed  anything extra because we guarantee to help you in 4 sessions—so your cost will  never run over $1800.
will you settle for a less successful career— 
or will you do something about your fear today?
now that you know about the lefkoe method of unlearning your fear of public speaking, you have a choice.   you can choose to remain afraid of public speaking... to dread the hours  and days before an opportunity to speak to lose sleep in the days leading up  to a presentation to never know when your fear will trip you up as you get on  stage or enter a board room or you can choose to use the lefkoe method to unlearn your fear.  
you can choose to feel confident when you speak to large  audiences, to the higher ups in your organization or to any group no matter who  they are.  you can choose to accelerate  your career growth and achieve all you've known you could achieve.  
you can choose to get on the phone right now to schedule  your first appointment with a lefkoe method facilitator by calling 415-506-4472 or click the button below to book your first session online.  we'll then contact  you by phone to schedule your first appointment.
and if you are more comfortable speaking spanish than english we have a spanish-speaking facilitator that can help you.






remember, you do have a choice: either continue to live with  fear or take this step to a life of freedom, growth and success.



please choose wisely.


morty lefkoe
president
the lefkoe institute

















to make it easy to find, i've included the two options for getting started below:
1.online: the quickest and easiest way!  after you reserve your spot online you will get a call by the next business day
            to set up your first appointment at a time convenient to you.


 







2. by phone: call 415-506-4472 between 9:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m.
              pacific time. tell the customer service representative that you
              want to schedule an appointment with a certified lefkoe method
              facilitator who will help you overcome your fear of public speaking.
3. if you haven't decided to work with us yet sign up below to get a copy of the journal article from clinical psychology and psychotherapy that proves our system works to reduce your fear of public speaking to almost nothing.




free journal article ($29.95 value)









"scientific proof the lefkoe methodreduces the fear of public speaking to almost nothing"





first name *



email *



phone *







you
                                        will receive the journal article as a pdf in a matter of seconds.
                                        * your information will never be sold
                                        or shared with anyone.
                                        i respect your privacy and hate spam with
                                        a passion.













the lefkoe institute, 145 cielo lane #305, novato, ca 94949
p: 415-506-4472  
contact speakingwithoutfear * www.speakingwithoutfear.com

home
success stories
about us
articles
faq
research
site map
links
privacy policy: the lefkoe institute is committed to maintaining your privacy.  any information submitted to the lefkoe institute through this web site or otherwise is held in strictest confidence and is never given out to anyone for any reason.  we do not sell or otherwise make available our mailing list.


*disclaimer: results may vary from person to person.
fear of public speaking  













