 




st johnland nursing center | 




































































				sjnc strictly follows nys department of health and cdc guidance. click here for covid-19 information 











sjnc strictly follows nys department of health and cdc guidance, which changes daily, in order to keep our residents safe. as we anticipate instructions to limit or restrict visitation, please check here before visiting. we will update information as necessary. thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
click here for covid-19 information 















  







call us for a tour today(631) 269-5800  











 











please consider
donating today 







 















 


home
about

welcome to st. johnland about st. johnland our history board of directors volunteers annual report photo gallery

services

skilled nursing care subacute care alzheimer’s / dementia care head injury rehabilitation unit assisted living facility licensed home care service agency

events
news
jobs
contact us
subscribe to our newsletter







x

 







 


facebook-f
 



instagram
 



linkedin-in
 



























our services 



 






st. johnland nursing center is proud to offer specialized services to our residents.  








 











alzheimer's& dementia care 










our commitment to residents with alzheimer’s disease and related dementias is evident throughout our dedicated unit. 








 











subacute care 










offering subacute care, short-term rehabilitation and complex medical care treating a range of patients recovering from accidents, injury, surgery or illness following hospitalization. 








 











head injuryrehabilitation unit 










the certified 20-bed unit at st. johnland nursing center is one of only 7 inpatient nursing facility programs in new york state. 











 










assisted living facility 










providing compassionate care for those who are looking for independent living with the added security of a caring and compassionate staff. 








 











skilled nursing care 










offering 24-hour skilled nursing care for residents who require long-term care or subacute services. 







 










licensed home care service agency 










st. johnland lhcsa offers a full range of home care services for clients who prefer to remain in their home as they age or recover from illness or injury. our services are designed to meet a variety of needs and can be provided 24 hours a day, seven days a week. 















latest news 










st. johnland nursing center is committed to being an important resource to the community. 







 










						sunset on the harbor					

a heartfelt thank you to our sponsors and guests who enjoyed helped raise over $60k at our…


                                            read more                                        














						employees hitting milestone anniversaries at sjnc were honored					

employees hitting milestone anniversaries at sjnc were honored at an on-site luncheon catered by chef rebecca and…


                                            read more                                        














						st. johnland’s father’s day fundraiser					

surprise your loved one with an unique father’s day gift. for a $25 donation, a mesh-back trucker…


                                            read more                                        





 



view more news 




















 



st. johnland is the premier provider on long island of skilled nursing care with specialties in alzheimer’s / dementia, head injury rehabilitation, subacute care, and adult day care.  







follow us 







 
















 











contact us 



395 sunken meadow road,
kings park, ny 11754 



google maps 



p: (631) 269-5800 



							e: info@stjohnland.org 







 



consider donating 



donations to st. johnland help support the operations of our facility and provide financial stability to our organization. any donation you make is appreciated and no amount is too small. 



donate 







sjnc strictly follows nys department of health and cdc guidance, which changes daily, in order to keep our residents safe. as we anticipate instructions to limit or restrict visitation, please check here before visiting. we will update information as necessary. thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
click here for coronavirus, covid-19 information 











© copyright – all rights reserved.   |   corporate compliance / non-discrimination statement   |   notice of privacy practices   |   disclosure statement   |   payor source rates   |   vendor listing 
































































































