




fire management | the fountainhead group




























(800) 311-9903
email us!
mon-fri 8am - 5pm est






















products

chemical compatibility tool
home & garden sprayers
industrial & concrete sprayers
landscaping & grounds maintenance sprayers
cleaning & mold remediation sprayers
outdoor survival
mosquito foggers
professional pest management
fire pumps


support

need help?
replacement parts
find a store
troubleshooting
register your sprayer
use & care manuals
product catalogs
about us
tradeshows & events


replacement parts
store
jobs
community
contact
cart 










forestry
wildland warriors have been depending on smith indian fire pumps for over 90 years. our quality products help prevent further spread of wildfires by penetrating hot spots, wetting dry areas, and providing a mechanism to do all of this before the fire spreads out of control.


 





need to order replacement parts?
search parts now










featured sprayers
 
tank capacity

wand type
brand





tank material







indian™ 90g 5-gallon galvanized tank with fp200 fire pump, model 179014-1



sku # 179014-1
price: $299.99

5 gallon galvanized steel, kidney shape design with contoured back support.
reinforced brass outlet, with filter screen, prevents clogging.
ven...
learn more


5 galbrassindiangalvanized 





indian™ smokechaser fsv500 5 gal. collapsible vinyl bag with fedco fp100 fire pump, model 179061v



sku # 179061v
price: $219.99

5 gallon vinyl collapsible bag rolls up to fit in a small storage space.
heavy duty vinyl, encased, poly bag is both durable and comfortable....
learn more


5 galbrassindianvinyl 





indian™ fer500 5.5-gallon poly tank with indian™ fire pump, model 190191



sku # 190191
price: $249.99

5.5 gallon capacity.
poly tank.
indian™ brass pump....
learn more


brassindianpoly 




view complete list of fire pumps





need to order replacement parts?
search parts now




what are people saying?




"sturdy, high volume, and simple."
rob, florida



"best ever!"
sarah, colorado



"easy to use."
ben, new york



"simply awesome."
pam, california

 

top





contact us

 23 garden st, new york mills, ny 13417
 800-311-9903
 315-768-4220
 email us!
 8am - 5pm est monday through friday







quick links



home
innovations
privacy policy




job postings
contact us
sitemap
b2b portal





join our email list








subscribe
* indicates required
email address *first name last name marketing permissionsplease select all the ways you would like to hear from :emailyou can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. for information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.we use mailchimp as our marketing platform. by clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to mailchimp for processing. learn more about mailchimp's privacy practices.














*dewalt. dewalt® and guaranteed tough® are registered trademarks of the dewalt industrial tool co., used under license. all rights reserved. the yellow and black color scheme is a trademark for dewalt power tools and accessories. | craftsman. craftsman® is a registered trademark of stanley black & decker, inc., used under license. | black & decker. the black & decker corporation, and the black+decker logos are registered trademarks of the black & decker corporation and are used under license. | scotts® & miracle-gro® are a registered trademark of oms investments, inc. and is used under license. | roundup® and roundup & design are registered trademark used under license from monsanto technology llc. | viton® is a registered trademark of e.i. dupont de nemours & co. | teejet® is a registered trademark of teejet® technologies and spraying systems company | black flag™, black flag®, cutter®, and repel® are trademarks of united industries corporation.






© 2025 the fountainhead group - responsive design and development by quadsimia




shoponlinecontact ustoday










