
























mabee foundation
mabee foundation – helping fund new construction, building renovations and the purchase of major medical equipment for non-profit organizations since 1948.

















 







apply


home
history
team
guidelines
projects
contact














apply

×



			please carefully read the guidelines here before completing an application. if at anytime you have questions about or problems completing the application, you may contact us here.




i have read and understand the guidelines.





continue to an existing application -->
















































helping fund new construction, building renovations and the purchase of major medical equipment for non-profit organizations since 1948.
















               since its formation in 1948, the mabee foundation has made grants totaling over $1.6 billion.  limited to capital expenditures and the purchase of major medical equipment, the mabee foundation exclusively funds projects located in texas, oklahoma, new mexico, arkansas, missouri and kansas.


 






apply
read guidelines
























history


						  the mabee foundation was formed by missouri natives john and lottie mabee.  john, a high school drop-out, and lottie were hard workers, innovative entrepreneurs and shrewd investors...
						


						  learn about our history 




















guidelines


                   the mabee foundation makes grants to non-profit, 501(c)(3) organizations (which are not ‘private foundations’ as defined in irc section 509(a)) only.  the mabee foundation does not make grants to government owned or operated institutions...
                


                  read our guidelines 





















                  	apply today!
                	


                 	the mabee foundation makes grants only toward construction projects, renovation projects and for the purchase of major medical equipment...
                	


                  	apply here 




 
 









driscoll children’s hospital
corpus christi, texas











mclane children’s specialty clinic, baylor scott & white
temple, texas











mccord community center, austin presbyterian theological seminary
austin, tx











the calm center
tulsa, ok 











riley center, southwestern baptist theological seminary
fort worth, tx































                    projects
                  



                    guidelines
                  



                    990 form
                  



                    application
                  




 




6 desta dr, suite 5400
midland, tx 79705
				
432-848-4260

 








































