








visit johnstown | johnstown pennsylvania visitors bureau










































































skip to content




show noticehide notice

 


pa junior wrestling state championships start in:







 


view the visitors guide > 


search




facebookinstagramyoutubetiktok






play

outdoor adventures 

parks & forests
atv’s & trail riding
water recreation
fishing
winter activities
hiking
bicycling


history & heritage 

the johnstown flood
adventures in industry
9/11 & flight 93
military history
cambria county veterans memorial trail


sports 

spectator sports
sporting events
facilities
slap shot hockey movie
all the right moves movie


arts 

cambria county murals
steve ditko
art off the rails trail
cambria city cultural district
performing arts
visual arts
industrial arts
maker space


community day trips 

downtown johnstown
shopping
family fun
nightlife & entertainment




stay

bed & breakfasts
campgrounds & cabins
hotels & motels


eat

restaurants
beverage tasting experiences
coffee, juice & small bites







plan

community partners
group tours
itineraries
meetings & gatherings
parking information
rv’ing
view the visitors guide
visitor information
weddings
what’s happening in johnstown?


events

events calendar
signature events
major annual events
polkafest
weekend breakdown
submit your event


about

staff
media/press
update partner listing
submit your photos
merchandise
contact us






open mobile menuclose mobile menu 











incredible
winter
recreation 
							cambria county is an ideal winter destination for outdoor recreation! cross-country ski along one of our groomed trails; snowshoe though our picturesque forests; and glide your way across our frozen lakes. 
							plan a visit 
							
 


forged from 
incredible 
talent 
							who knew? the only marvel comics-approved public art in the world can be found in johnstown, pa, home of spider-man co-creator, steve ditko! 
							plan a visit 
							
 


a hub for 
the metal arts 
							johnstown is home to “the center for metal arts” and the headquarters for the “artist-blacksmith's association of north america”. metalworking traditions thrive here!  
							plan a visit 
							
 


test your 
mettle! 
							ride for miles on our scenic trails or delve into the extreme on one of the inclined plane downhill mountain biking trails. outdoor adventure awaits! 
							plan a visit 
							
 














located in cambria county, pa and nestled in the beautiful alleghenies, 60 miles east of pittsburgh, johnstown is emerging as a center for outdoor recreation in pennsylvania. it’s also a town rich in arts and culture and steeped in nationally significant history. travelers seeking new adventures and authentic experiences should put the johnstown region on their to-do list!
from the 51-mile ghost town trail to the stonycreek river’s longest continuous class iii and iv rapids in the east, johnstown is the perfect basecamp for exploring by bicycle, on foot, and on the water, with lodging, great food and drinks, and entertainment within minutes of all the fun. spend more time doing and less time driving!
explore our site and plan your “simply incredible” trip today!


what will you do next (or first!)halfway to nickie fest | kickoff partyfebruary 22 @ 5:00 pm - 11:59 pmnerf nightfebruary 28 @ 2:00 pm - 7:00 pmdeath in the library: a murder mysterymarch 1 @ 7:00 pm - 10:30 pmfull event calendar johnstown’s world-class polka festivalfeatured partnersheritage johnstownjohnstown tomahawks hockeyjohnstown flood national memorialfavorite events & festivalspa junior wrestling state championshipsfebruary 28 - march 2stonycreek rendezvousmay 15 - may 18path of the flood historic racesmay 24 @ 8:00 amincredible snowshoeing at stackhouse parkstackhouse park is the perfect place to clip on your snowshoes and hike around for a couple miles! the park offers the perfect terrain for snowshoeing beginners and experts! try…
[read full story] valentine’s day guideplanning your valentine's day doesn't have to be a challenge! check out our daytime and evening itineraries throughout cambria county and make some unforgettable plans. you can also mix and…
[read full story] jasmine cain – victory – music video behind the scenesthe music video for jasmine cain's song "victory" was released today! the video was filmed right here in johnstown at 1st summit arena at cambria county war memorial and pays…
[read full story] best ice skating spots in cambria countylace up your skates and hit the ice throughout cambria county! this short list will provide you with everything you need to know about skating around our picturesque lakes and…
[read full story] read more about what’s happening in our area downhill mountain
bikinglocal dining
experienceshotels and
lodgingmuseums and
galleries









sign up forour newsletterview thevisitors guideplayoutdoor adventureshistory & heritagesportsartscommunity day tripsdowntown johnstownshoppingfamily funnightlife & entertainmentstayhotels & motelscampgrounds & cabinsbed & breakfastseatrestaurantscoffee, juice & small bitesbeverage tasting experiencesplanview the visitors guidewhat’s happening in johnstown?itinerariesrv’inggroup toursmeetings & gatheringscommunity partnersparking informationvisitor informationweddingseventsevents calendarsignature eventsmajor annual eventspolkafestweekend breakdownsubmit your eventaboutstaffmedia/pressupdate partner listingsubmit your photosmerchandisecontact us


visit johnstown
416 main street, suite 100, johnstown, pa 15901
phone: 814.536.7993 or 800.237.8590
fax: 814.539.3370


facebookinstagramyoutubetiktok


© visit johnstown pennsylvania | privacy policy







back to top


search






























we use cookies to enhance your visit to our site.
by continuing to use this website you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.ok, i agreeprivacy policy




