
















home



















































             


   



   
 







    
 





       



       home



  2-legged yarn puppets



  4-legged yarn puppets



  12" yarn puppets



  plush puppets



  wooden puppets



  puppet displays



  contact





about our companyfairyland international, inc. is dedicated to provide the customers with the most fascinating marionette type of puppets made of yarn, plush, feather and wood. with more than 27 years of creative works, the company has developed tremendous numbers of marionettes which bring the young and the old lots of fun,  benefiting so much for the retailers all over the world.



    

the 2-legged yarn marionettes the 2-legged marionette is about 10 " tall.  it stands up like human. there are 3 strings connecting the body to a t-shape wooden handle. when you twist the handle by your fingers side by side, the legs of marionette will move up and down accordingly. this makes the marionette walk or dance.   

video of playing 2-legged marionette


  

the 4-legged yarn marionettes our 10" 4-legged marionette has 4 strings connecting to the wooden handle. when you play it,   hold the handle and move it up and down. by doing so, it can jump around. the strings are detachable. once they are tangled, pull the strings out of the handle, make them straight and place them back to the handle.   

see the video of demonstration


  

the mid- size curly  yarn marionettes these cute marionettes are about 12" long. they are made of relatively newer materials.    

see more




  


    


 plush marionettes and more we have various marionettes made of plush, feather or fabric. their sizes are from 12 inch to 36 inch.   

see more




    


 marionette displays we have flat 2-tier metal rack, which can display 14 marionettes. our motorized theater makes the marionettes dance on the stage. they help the sales greatly.   

see video of these displays




    


 wooden marionettes these are traditional wooden marionettes. we have 9" and 16" two sizes available..   

see more








      
contact po box 564115college point ny 11356-1452, united states
1-800-232-3730fairylandtoys@yahoo.com


   
copyright © fairyland int'l, inc. all rights reserved.
 






















































































  
  share by:










