







hair styling long island | anthony defranco salon | top salon ny





















see our
last minuteopenings!


click here



 


chooselocation



plainview



















































book now



home
meet anthony
services

hair
special occasions
bridal


promotions
our work

in the news


shop
contact






book now
 






beautiful hair isn't everything,it's the only thing.book now!


check out our new location in the country pointe shops in plainview

❮
❯










an industry leading salon with sophistication, style, and creativity








with respect to the artists that inspire us and to all things we find truly beautiful, we welcome you to anthony defranco salon. a journey of dedication and commitment to assembling and creating many of the country's top career hairdressers. a creative playground built on the foundation of passion, skill, personal and professional development which today acts as a vehicle for inspiration, achievement and excellence in salon, education, editorial, runway, design and production. beyond this we continue to create the anthony defranco story.







check out our new location in the country pointe shops in plainview



adf salon on instagram





color by michele, styled by carley at our huntingt


 





are you looking to work in one of new yorks top sa













foilyage by jordyn, cut/style by jet at our huntin


 





color by kevin.  plainview location.  love a good 






#hair #truth#huntingtonsalon#plainviewsalon






killer cut by jet serrano at our huntington locati
 





instagram post 17977509376979034
 





beautiful curls by flor. plainview location…..#c



 


load more






 follow on instagram












we can't wait to see you!

        1451 old country rd, plainview, ny 11803

(516) 588-0055


        email us: info@anthonydefranco.com




stay informed
join our mailing list for all of the latest salon news and promos






book plainview salon  back to top











©2025 anthony defranco salon - all rights reserved. site by portland website co.








modal-check







dismiss ad
dismiss ad


this will close in  0 seconds




























