






beach motel and family resort in wildwood, nj | florentine motel






























 

rooms

rates

specials

activities


		reservations

contact us

home
 

609-522-4075

		 
































		the florentine family motel in north wildwood nj is your "home away 
		from home" where family and friends come together.









 north wildwood motel - vacation on the jersey shore
the florentine family motel is north wildwood's 
		premiere family friendly motel. we are owner operated and conveniently 
		located within the boardwalk and beach block, surrounded by family 
		entertainment and special events of north wildwood, creating a truly 
		pleasurable vacation.
		 
		our north wildwood motel provides thoughtfully appointed resort 
		accommodations with a relaxed home-style family atmosphere.
		 
		come experience what the florentine has to offer and see why our guests 
		have continued to stay with us year after year!
looking to plan a vacation with your family this year? 
				 
let us help make 
		your planning a little easier. the florentine family motel is where the 
		boardwalk and family-fun begins.
our motel is unlike any other beach 
		motel and family resort and the best choice for your stay in north 
		wildwood on the new jersey cape. 
we’ll make sure your stay with us is 
		unforgettable from the moment you arrive. 
why choose us?
at the florentine family motel, we treat your 
		family like our own. we’ll make sure you’re fully satisfied from the 
		first day to the very last, and when you see us again.
our convenient 
		location is within a block of the boardwalk and beach, providing an 
		array of entertainment and special events you can enjoy from morning 
		until night.
we offer numerous comfortable and spacious rooms to choose 
		from that each come with their own unique amenities.
speaking of 
		amenities, we have a nearly endless list of those! from free wi-fi and 
		daily housekeeping service to laundry facilities and an in-ground pool you can 
		just sit by all day, we have something for both kids and adults alike.
 






we are now taking
						reservations for the 2025 season.
book now to save money as rates are subject to 
						change for rooms booked after may 15, 2025!   






 

offsite suites at
						2310 central avenue 
						we are excited to announce 2 additional offsite suites 
						for adults located very close to the florentine motel.
						
read more
 







 
rave review!
“i will be going back there this year. this hotel 
		was by far the best. hotel is very clean and the staff is very friendly. 
		looking forward to going there for many years to come.”
 linda f., via facebook
 







				 



find out why the florentine family motel is traveler ranked the #1 motel 
		in north wildwood on trip advisor 
 
				






				 

				 

				 

				 






						 









 
 
 




				 

				 

       #1 
				on trip advisor

 


				 


 



				 

				 


 







when you’re looking for a place to stay in 
		north wildwood, look no further than our doo-wop '50s style motel!
		






		call us today at 609-522-4075 to learn more or to book your 
		stay at the florentine family motel.





get directions - enter your starting address:







 



 











 

rooms
rates

specials

activities

book now

contact us
home

609-522-4075





 copyright©  2020 florentine family motel.   all rights  reserved.

web site by:
cape graphics, llc






