






 



puppy/dog training in utica, ny - k-9 obedience training


















































































skip to content



331 bull rd., utica, ny(315) 792-8085youtube page opens in new windowfacebook page opens in new window


k-9 obedience training


home meet the trainerthanks  training coursesphoto gallery  boarding testimonialsclient photos  contact 

search:











 
home meet the trainerthanks  training coursesphoto gallery  boarding testimonialsclient photos  contact 
















k9 obedience training
welcome to k9 obedience training, where owner/certified dog trainer larry leogrande, a seasoned professional with over 23 years of experience and a proud graduate of owen tober’s esteemed amsel training kennels, warmly welcomes you and your cherished furry friend.
at k9 obedience training larry is here to serve dogs of all breeds and temperaments, from playful puppies to mature adults, and from novice learners to advanced achievers. if your canine companion is grappling with any behavioral challenges, rest assured that i offer tailored solutions to address their needs. explore our comprehensive array of products and services designed to cater to dogs at every stage of their training journey.








new client photos


credentials:



over 23 years in business
akc examiner for cgc title
graduate of amsel training kennel 2003
certified police k-9 trainer


certified professional dog trainer
former member of schutzhund club of buffalo
member of the schutzhund 111 club

read more about larry


dog training courses in utica, ny:



puppy training
basic obedience training
behavioral problem solving
1-on-1 training


competition training
tracking
protection


schutzhund training
virtual training
board training


travel session
muzzle training
electric training

view all dog training courses


for more information call:
(315) 792-8085





videos
view obedience demonstration videos of anja, carlita, lance and more!


view videos


training
courses include obedience, tracking, protection, schutzhund, puppy training, behavioral modification and much more!


training courses







larry leogrande, owner of k9 obedience training, receiving his certification for professional dog trainer from owen c tober. owner and director of training at amsel training kennels.










larry leogrande, owner of k9 obedience training, completing a k9 training seminar with one of germany’s top instructors.


“before attending my training school, larry was already a dog trainer and had his own business, k-9 obedience training. he attended my school, amsel training kennels, to expand his expertise, knowledge and to become certified. while attending school, he lived at my facility. i got to know him both professionally and personally. i have nothing but good things to say about him. larry is honest, sincere, hard working and a dedicated dog trainer.”
– owen c. tober, amsel training kennels
read owen's full testimonial!recent news



powered by curator.io













meet the trainer
training courses
boarding
testimonials
photo gallery
get directions 
 









					© 2015 k-9 obedience training
site design by pro media.
                

meet the trainer training courses boarding testimonials photo gallery footer





go to top


























































