












































computer science















          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







stanford
engineering

 
computer science

engineering




search this site

submit search



menu
homeaboutgates buildingwork hereacademicscoursesbachelor'sbs tracksprogram sheetsbs requirementsmath requirementsscience requirementsengineering fundamentalstechnology in societycore requirementsdepth requirementseligible humanities electivessenior projectwriting in the major requirementpetitions, deviations, & transfer creditshonors programhow to declarecs minorresearch opportunitiesindependent studyfrequently asked questionsmaster'sms specializationsms program sheetsms degree requirementsoverallfoundations requirementsignificant software implementationbreadth requirementsdepth requirementselectivesdistinction in researchcoterm programhonors cooperative programcourse assistant/research assistantfrequently asked questionsphdprogram requirementscs300 seminarfirst-year research rotation programcourse requirementsfoundation & breadth requirementscandidacy requirementqualifying examinationteaching requirementsreading committeethesis proposaluniversity oral examinationdissertationprogress guidelinesadvising guidemonitoring progresspetition for ms degreefunding research assistantshipcourse assistantshipcs phd student resourcesfaculty allies programfor studentsfor facultyother resourcesfellowship opportunitiesspecial registration statusesgraduate student formsfrequently asked questionscurricular practical trainingjoint programsms/mbams/lawphd/lawstudent eventsnew student orientationnew graduate student checklistincoming cs ms studentsincoming cs phd studentsnew student resourcesstudent services staffcomputer forum | career readinessadmissionsphd admissionsfrequently asked questionsmaster's admissionsfrequently asked questionscoterminal admissionsfrequently asked questionsjoint degree admissionsjoint cs ms/mba degreejoint cs ms/law degreejoint cs phd/law degreegraduate application checklistsgraduate application deadlinescurrent stanford studentsadditional/change of degreephd minornon-degree optionstudent resourcescontact usresearch & impactpeoplepeople main menufaculty by namefaculty by researcharchitectureartificial intelligencebiomedicine and healthcomputational cognitive & neuro-sciencecomputational educationcomputer graphicscomputer securitycomputer systemscomputer visiondata scienceempirical machine learninghuman-centered and creative aihuman-computer interaction (hci)machine learningnatural language processing and speechnetworkingoperating/distributed systemsprogramming systems and verificationreinforcement learningroboticsstatistical or theoretical machine learningtheorylecturersemeritus facultycourtesy facultyadjunct facultyresearch staffvisiting and acting facultyadministrative staffget involvedaffiliate programsour membersaffiliate programs events



     computer science
    



















 



























main content start



 



preparing our students to make meaningful contributions to the world





 




 


alumni spotlight: kayla patterson, ms ’24 computer science"i study human-computer interaction (hci), because i want to understand how to think about people when it comes to developing technology. i’ve taken classes with james landay, michael bernstein, and christina wodtke, and they just blew my mind with hci."meet recent graduate, kayla patterson, as she contemplates a new chapter in life





 



cs degree programsour main educational goal is to prepare students for a rapidly changing world. undergraduate students have the option of declaring a bachelor of science or a minor in computer science. graduate students have the opportunity to pursue a master's or phd degree in computer science. the master's degree is a terminal professional degree. the phd is for those who desire a research or teaching career. 
 










 





 



a gateway to opportunity & innovationstanford computer science cultivates an expansive range of research opportunities and a renowned group of faculty. here, discoveries that impact the world spring from the diverse perspectives and life experiences of our community of students, faculty, and staff.





 






 













passion + inspiration
our research & impact
the cs department is a center for research and education, discovering new frontiers in ai, robotics, scientific computing and more.more about cs research









 













scientific discovery
our faculty 
stanford cs faculty members strive to solve the world's most pressing problems, working in conjunction with other leaders across multiple fields. explore faculty by their areas of research







 



 





 



removing barriers to excellence: our culture of equity & inclusioneveryone deserves a voice in the discovery of new technology and the shaping of innovation. stanford cs is nurturing a future in science that represents all cultures and backgrounds.
 










 





 



our research is in the news





 






 













we're in the news 
diyi yang on language, computers, and societal impact
yang works on natural language processing, which combines math and theory to enable computers to communicate, through speech and text, in a human-like way. specifically, she’s focused on making the technologies that power human-computer (and some human-human) communication more socially responsible.read assistant professor diyi yang’s full interview  

          more stanford cs in the news
        









 













we're in the news 
the future of ai coaching
a computer scientist bringing ai to the classroom and the gym looks ahead to a world where ai coaches help make us smarter … and healthier. join host russ altman on this episode of the future of everything podcast and hear professor james landay share his thoughts on how ai is not just good at creating text and answering our questions, it can motivate us as a coach, and it can teach us as a tutor. it's the future of ai coaching.

          more stanford cs in the news
        









 













we're in the news
tour the state-of-the-art stanford robotics center
after many years of planning, fundraising, and development, the all-new stanford robotics center officially opened its doors! “i came to stanford in 1981 and this idea – this dream – was always there, even then,” says oussama khatib, director of the new stanford robotics center and mastermind of the design and transformation of the space.see the video and take a tour of the new facility, a bright, open, and vibrant space .

          more stanford cs in the news
        







 



stories & voicesmeet some of the students, faculty, and alumni who create the stanford computer science community.





 






 













stories & voices
matthew ayoob, computer science ms candidate and music double major
"the communication skills that vocal performance has cultivated in me, understanding how to communicate an idea to another person and have a meaningful conversation that is really grounded in impact, has been life changing."

          see matthew ayoob's video
        









 













stories & voices
neil band, computer science phd candidate
"i particularly care about machine learning applications in healthcare, energy, and climate change – uses that will not only save lives, but also improve the well-being of both people and the planet."

          read neil band's story
        









 













stories & voices
sanmi koyejo, assistant professor computer science
"i came to stanford because it is among the strongest universities in my areas of interest: machine learning and ai. i’m interested in thinking about artificial intelligence in a rigorous way."

          read sanmi koyejo's story
        







 




 





 






 
 










"working with students and faculty here is an absolutely amazing experience. what really impresses me is the conviction and drive of people here. they really care about the topics they work on. they want to bring value to people and they want to have an impact: to do good for humanity. it’s something very unique to stanford. the speed at which you can exchange ideas was totally new to me when i came here and i love it." - christopher hahn, ph.dvisiting assistant professor in the computer science department at stanford university and an independent research group leader at the cispa helmholtz center for information security













    back to top
  







the cs intranet: resources for faculty, staff, and current students




for faculty & staff
for current cs students

intranet












stanford

 
engineering




        web login
      



address

gates computer science building 
353 jane stanford way
stanford, ca 94305
united states



contact us


directions to the gates building


campus map


follow us on linkedin





links to


events


news from stanford engineering


stanford engineering magazine


student resources


cs it support




cs student resources


computer forum | career readiness


computing & society


engineering entrepreneurship center


seris program


terman engineering library













stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






