







valerio dewalt train






































































        
          
            valerio dewalt train
          
        
      




















































            projects
          

            people
          

            expertise
          

everything else








back


            news
          

            blog
          

            careers
          

            contact
          

            history
          

            de&i
          










































































projectspeopleexpertise
everything else

news
blog
careers
contact
history
de&i







                
                  
                    valerio dewalt train
                  
                
              











scroll






 our designs change the way people live,work,learn, and play. 














vue53
chicago, illinois














1098 alta
mountain view, california














uchicago - gordon parks arts hall
chicago, illinois














canopy hotel
grand rapids, michigan




 

as a team of designers, we believe in collective intelligence, which is another way to define collaboration. our studio is inclusive, bringing together designers, consultants, stakeholders, and users to build consensus around visionary solutions.we approach each design with a unique set of values that drives us to innovate:

   








ford calumet environmental center



 









  


















art on the mart



   








gordon park arts hall



 









   

expertisewe are passionate about solving problems. our toolbox includes a range of skills essential to achieve success.

  







architecture







interior design







master planning







sustainability







environmental graphic design







research





 
learn more about our expertise
    

processcurious by nature, our process is focused on discovery, leading to an understanding of the questions design should answer. discovery begins with interviews and observations, where we identify aspiration alongside concerns, from the top down and bottom up.

   









   

our process is adapted to responding to the specific needs of each design assignment. in general, there are three active phases - research, design and development.the research phase begins by listening, allowing us to fully understand the questions that the design should answer. it leads to a visioning workshop, which launches the design phase, where we explore all the reasonable alternative solutions to the design problem.this leads to a second workshop where the best solution is selected based on comparative analysis as the decision making tool. finally, the development phase fully vets and defines the design and extends through the implementation and construction phase.

    

who we arewho we are is never a constant, but instead is always evolving. talent doesn’t have a particular color, gender, heritage or a certain degree. our design table is big and round where everyone has a seat. all are welcome including our consultants, clients, and members of the communities our designs serve.

 

we actively build partnerships with local and equitable design groups, mentor a diverse group of young professionals, and champion sustainability. vdt recognizes the historical and systemic factors that have led to a lack of diversity within the architecture industry and we are committed to learning, rectifying, and improving our firm to advocate for change within our community.

  












our culture













our people













join our team
 






slider + slider image 1 (copy) (copy)



slider image 1



slider image 2



slider image 3



slider image 4



other homepage content









_
chicago
500 n. dearborn st.
		9th floor
		chicago, il 60654
312.260.7300

_
denver
1800 wazee st.
		ste 300
		denver, co 80202
303.578.8540

_
san francisco
345 ritch st.
		san francisco, ca 94107415.610.7100

_contactgeneral inquiriescontact@buildordie.comproduct library inquiriesproducts@buildordie.commedia inquiriesmarketing@buildordie.com_career opportunities _stay connected



















































































  



valerio dewalt train
500 north dearborn street,
chicago, il, 60654,
united states
(312) 260-7300
info@buildordie.com


hours























