


elite cheer & tumble, ltd.

















click here if you are not redirected in a few seconds.






this is the marquee!  you can put any text in here you wish



home
about us
contact







elite cheer & tumble, ltd. - home page











member login
online registration login



username:



password:


forgot password?

enter
register














welcome / about us
staff / services
registration
cheer teams
tumble classes
news / happenings
camps / clinics
photos
contact
our sponsors
links


 


welcome to elite cheer & tumble, ltd.
welcome to elite cheer & tumble "where cheerleaders train!"
elite is a family oriented athletic facility that offers everything cheer related!  whether it be tumble classes, camps, apparel, getting ready for try-outs, help with stunting or flying or just wanting to join one of the "hottest" teams in hampton roads.....elite is here for you!.
located at:  2944 south military highwaysuites #100  chesapeake, va  23323 
 
elite is home of the full paid bid winning, level legend, 5x grand national champions and challenge champions! elite heat all-stars  join us for our 2024-2025 seasonsee "news" for more information.
established august 2002 and blessed to have served hampton roads and the community for over 22 years!
a little about us:
elite cheer & tumble - where cheerleaders train! we are the place to come if you want to learn tumbling, stunts, or have a custom routine made. we also have custom camps, routine development, music, dance, consulting, a cheerleading store and more! our staff is very professional and we have helped an unprecendented number of cheerleaders develop the skills they needed to advance and make the squad of their choice. we have some of the best ranked all-star teams in the region, who have received partial and full paid bids, level legends, 4x national championships. with a senior 1 team being undeafeated three seasons in a row, winning all championships and ended up ranked number 1 in the nation!  and our youth prep team has had an undefeated season with level legends and 2x national championships.  elite has had teams win bids to the summit, worlds, the one, the finale, usfinals,and more.  elite is the place for your cheerleaders and coaches to train!
what makes us different than other gyms? elite has the unique ability to provide an exceptional level of service to everyone equally! we believe in not only providing service beyond the level of your expectations, but also believe in modeling and teaching moral excellence! our coaches are not allowed to use any questionable language, raise their voices at the students, or demean them in any way. we believe in encouragement and guidance in balance with tough coaching and pushing our students to excel. at elite, we choose to build our business by providing a service unequaled by any other organization. your student will advance more quickly, with better results than anywhere else guaranteed. 
*pricing on our pages are subject to change
frequently asked questions
q - why shouldn't i train at a gymnastics gym?  a - cheerleaders do several things differently than gymnasts because of their need to incorporate their skills into cheer routines. elite trains athletes according to these specific criteria. 
q - can i wear shoes on the tumbling floors?  a - for cheerleaders we require shoes in order to help each student learn to tumble the way they will have to tumble at competitions or school. 
q - who comes to elite?  a - all star squad members, middle & high school cheerleaders, kids who have never cheered, and entire squads come to us for instruction. we teach at all levels of experience from beginner to some of the best college cheerleaders in the country.
q - how safe is elite?  a - for the level of skill we teach at elite, and the number of students in our facility, we rank as one of the safest gyms in the nation. in the thousands of classes we have taught, we have never had a life threatening injury at elite.
q - how can i sign up for classes at elite? a - you can sign up at any time by calling 757-735-2505 and leave a message or visit our classes link to sign up online. the forms you need to fill out prior to your first visit are located under "forms" and can be downloaded.  you may also choose a class to try out before signing up.
q - how can i become an elite heat all-star cheerleader? a - try-out's for our 2024-2025 will be held in may days & times tba 
 
  






© 2025 elite cheer & tumble, ltd. - all rights reserved

jamspiritsites.com





