 calgary expo i a four day weekend offering big family-friendly events, bigger workshops, and huge world-renowned celebrities. 













 






















 





  you need to enable javascript to run this app.april 24 - 27, 2025stampede parkbegins in:00days00hrs00mins00secsshopexpand_morebuy ticketsspecial experiencesphoto opsautographssuperfan rewardsdiscounts & couponsshop fan expoguestsexpand_morecelebritiesanimation voicesanime guestsgaming starscomic creatorscosplayerssuggest a guestattractionsexpand_moremain eventsanimecomicscosplaygamingsci-fi & fantasyplan your visitexpand_moregetting herescheduletravel & hotelsmobile appfloor planaccessibilityapplyexpand_morevolunteerprofessional creatorscosplay activationspanel submissionmedia inquiriesfan ambassadorcalgary expo eatscommunity zonewant to exhibit?exhibitors/industryexpand_morebecome an exhibitorretailersartist alleycorporateadvertiseexhibitor rewardssocial media tool kitexhibitor directoryabout usexpand_moreabout the showfan meetupsthe fhq newsletterhq eventsfaqspoliciescontactbuy ticketsbuy nowback to toptoparrow_upwardapril 24 - 27, 2025stampede parkbegins in:00days00hrs00mins00secs previouswe're getting anexpansion packthis year will be bigger and better than ever. more shopping, panel rooms and more space for fandom fun – all under one roof.get your 2025 ticketsexperience the ultimate fandom weekend of celebs, cosplay, comics, anime, gaming, and so much more.buy nowfrank miller experienceautographs, collectibles, and priority access to frank miller's panel—don’t miss this lifetime experience with the legendary creator.learn morestay where you playget the best rates at the closest hotels by booking with one of our official hotel partners.book nowlike and subscribecheck out guest panels, cosplayers, and tons of exclusive content on our youtube channel.smash that subscribe buttonstay up-to-datedon't miss out on guest announcements, show details, and more. subscribe to our newsletter now.sign-upwe're getting anexpansion packthis year will be bigger and better than ever. more shopping, panel rooms and more space for fandom fun – all under one roof.get your 2025 ticketsexperience the ultimate fandom weekend of celebs, cosplay, comics, anime, gaming, and so much more.buy nowfrank miller experienceautographs, collectibles, and priority access to frank miller's panel—don’t miss this lifetime experience with the legendary creator.learn morestay where you playget the best rates at the closest hotels by booking with one of our official hotel partners.book nowlike and subscribecheck out guest panels, cosplayers, and tons of exclusive content on our youtube channel.smash that subscribe buttonstay up-to-datedon't miss out on guest announcements, show details, and more. subscribe to our newsletter now.sign-upwe're getting anexpansion packthis year will be bigger and better than ever. more shopping, panel rooms and more space for fandom fun – all under one roof. next123456four days of unlimited fandomif you're into comics, sci-fi, horror, anime, gaming, or cosplay, come share our playground. you'll feel out of this world – and right at home.find your fandom family at calgary expo. all 100,000 of them.show hours:thursday 4 pm – 9 pm^friday 12 pm – 8 pmsaturday 10 am – 7 pmsunday 10 am – 5 pm^ special preview on thursday at 2 pm for vip, ultimate, and 4-day pass holders who purchase in advance.get ready for an epic 2025. tickets on sale nowbuy ticketssuperstar celebrity guests includemarisa tomeicharlie coxjodie whittakeralicia silverstonemandip gilllucas grabeelcorbin bleutyler hoechlinsee all celebrity guests celebritiesprepare for the ultimate celeb-bration with our amazing celebrity guests.see all celebritiesmain eventsexperience celeb guests, shopping, family fun, and more. see all main eventscosplaycosplay your way in a costume spectacle of epic proportions and experiences.see all cosplay guestscomicsprepare for a rip-roaring time with legendary creators and hard-to-find comics. see all comic guestsanimepower up and see your favourite characters and more animated goodnesssee all anime guestsgamingget ready to level up with our gaming booths and guests. see all gaming guestscelebrity photo opstake a picture that lasts a lifetime with your favorite celebrity from a professional photographer. this is the only way to get a beautiful 8x10 glossy photo with one of our guests in an intimate setting.learn moreautograph sessionsgood ink is forever. get a signed autograph from one of our celebrity guests on your prized possessions.learn more shop fan exposhop fan expo is your destination for exclusive pop culture merchandise and collectibles from your favorite brands, celebrities, and creators. shop nowfan meetupsgeek out with fans in your area for virtual meetups, movie screenings, game nights, cool swag, and so much more. join usnewsletterwelcome to the fhq, our fandom-charged newsletter where we explore the world of pop culture, cosplayers, and creators. (that means you.) read onshow partnersanimation voicescustomer serviceshow hourscontact usnewsletter sign upmedia inquiriesexhibitor applicationsfaqspoliciesaccessibilitystay connectedtwitterinstagramfacebookyoutubetiktokthreadsprivacy policycookie policyterms of usecopyright © 2025. all rights reserved. informa connect, a trading division of informa plc.
















