





quaker and ecumenical essays by eden grace




























    quaker and ecumenical essays by eden grace


table of contents (listed from newest to oldest) 




wandering in the 
  wilderness -- discovering deep obedience to godjuly 30, 2004 at north pacific yearly meeting, missoula 
  mtby reading her own spiritual “dark night” experience through the 
  lens of the biblical stories of “wilderness,” eden offers this meditation on 
  the meaning of spiritual suffering in christian faith.

 


reflection on what quakers bring to the ecumenical 
  tabledecember 11, 2003 at the 
  massachusetts council of churches board of directors meeting, framingham 
  maeden reflects on how the quaker position on sacraments is a gift 
  to the ecumenical movement.

 


come, holy spirit — restore your people
august 7, 2003 at western yearly meeting, plainfield, in
eden offered her western yearly meeting “quaker lecture” in the form of biblical reflection and extended prayer, calling for the holy spirit to minister to a quaker community in conflict. she speaks about the tower of babel and pentecost stories, and uses her experience in ecumenical worship to lead the community in a creative guided prayer for christian unity.

 

acceptance speech for the forrest l. knapp ecumenical award
january 22, 2003 at the annual meeting of the massachusetts council of churches, weston ma
in accepting this award from the massachusetts council of churches, eden speaks about why she is excited to be part of the ecumenical movement today, and hopeful about its future.

 


guided by the mind of christ - yearning for a new spirituality 
      of church governance
january 19, 2003 at the annual meeting of the amesbury council of churches, amesbury ma
      many christians today are yearning to move beyond the confrontational methods 
      of "robert's rules" and find new ways of conducting church 
      business. in this essay, eden shares her insights on the desire for 
      discernment and consensus, and the challenges, opportunities and spiritual 
      climate evoked by this yearning for change.

 


study on ephesians 1:15-23
august 28, 2002 for the central committee of the world council of churches, meeting in geneva switzerland
	  eden offers these reflections on power and discernment in the church through her meditations on the ephesians passage.

 


a witness held in trust - perspectives on 
      the nature and purpose of friends
june 13, 2002 at intermountain yearly meeting, abiquiu nm
      in this essay, eden draws on her experience representing friends at the 
      world council of churches, to call for a more confident and less polemical 
      understanding of the nature of quakerism and its place among the various 
      christian churches.

 


a century of ecumenical commitment
march 1, 2002 at the fairmont copley plaza hotel, boston ma
	  © 2002 massachusetts council of churches
      eden produced and narrated this multi-media presentation celebrating the 
      100th anniversary of the massachusetts council of churches.

 


“we set our feet on the way of the cross” — worship 
      of commitment to the decade to overcome violence:
      churches seeking reconciliation and peace (2001-2010)
june 17, 2001 at the friends united meeting general board meeting at powell house, old chatham ny
	  eden designed and led this worship for the fum general board as a means of enacting in worship our commitment to the decade to overcome violence.

 


worship in the world council of churches: the tradition of “ecumenical 
      worship” in light of recent orthodox critique
may 2001
	  in this paper, eden examines the worship patterns which have developed in the wcc, and evaluates the critique brought by the orthodox member churches of the council through the special commission on orthodox participation in the world council of churches. this paper was awarded the nelson waite rightmyer memorial prize (episcopal divinity school) for the best paper in church history, 2001.

 


on the way to harmony - the spiritual disciplines 
      of a christian reconciling ministry
march 16, 2001 at the annual meeting of the friends world committee for 
      consultation, section of the americas, greensboro nc
	  using advices and queries, 
      and sharing from her own ecumenical experiences, eden describes the spiritual 
      disciplines which mark the faithful exercise of a christian reconciling 
      ministry.

 


friends relating to other christian churches 
july 19, 2000 at the identity, authority & community consultation ii, pendle hill conference center, wallingford pa
	  weaving stories from her personal spiritual journey together with theological reflection, eden explores the basis of quaker engagement in the ecumenical movement.

 


the conciliar nature of the orthodox church: definition and implications
may 2000
	  through an independent study with fr. thomas fitzgerald at holy cross greek orthodox school of theology, eden explores the ecclesiology of the orthodox church as it relates to the current situation of orthodoxy.

 


an introduction to quaker business practice
march 2000 at a subcommittee meeting of the special 
      commission on orthodox participation in the world council of churches, meeting 
      in damascus syria
	  eden describes the theological basis, spirituality and best practices of quaker decision-making.

 


pastoral prayer
august 15, 1999 at the temple, ocean park me
                  drawing on the words of the wcc’s 8th 
                  assembly, eden offers 
                  this pastoral prayer for the church.

 


studying the bible together - a resource packet for ecumenical bible study
© 1998 massachusetts council of churches and massachusetts bible society
	  eden produced this booklet as the culmination of her field education project at the massachusetts council of churches.


 links
about eden grace




the work published on this web site is the intellectual property of the estate of eden grace, which retains full copyright (except where noted). nothing on this web site may be reprinted in whole or in part without written permission.

© 2024 estate of eden grace








