ï»¿tranquil boutique hotel in avila beach ca | avila village innskip to content      book now book now×make a reservationhave a question? 800.454.0840check in ) check out  adults  children  book now toggle navigation    menu accommodationsexpansionamenitiesavila bay athletic club specialsarea guidewinter in avila beachfarmers marketlive music in avila beachshopping & diningavila beach wine trailavila beaches & piersavila beach hikesgallerycontactt. (800) 454-0840scroll down reset, recharge, and save book now link to reset, recharge, and save  intimate, craftsman-style inntucked along the bob jones trail in a wooded creekside environment exclusive access to avila bay clubthe only state-of-art fitness facility on the central coast. minutes from avila beach promenadebeautiful beaches, incredible golf, fine dining establishments, and more. close to everything yet far from ordinaryavila beach, californiawelcome to avila village innan upscale inn nestled in the charming avila valleysituated just off highway 101, the avila village inn provides the perfect location to access a variety of activities and attractions. from stunning beaches and world-class golf courses to top-rated restaurants, you'll have it all at your fingertips. what's more, our guests enjoy exclusive access to the avila bay athletic club, where you can indulge in a range of fitness and wellness activities. take advantage of our complimentary bikes and explore the nearby bob jones city-to-sea trail, which is conveniently located right next to the hotel.  special offersget the best avila beach hotel deals at avila village inn.  details links to page about content special offers avila beach athletic club exclusive access learn more links to page about content avila beach athletic club exclusive access area guide details  links to page about content area guide not your average amenitiesour boutique hotel offers a variety of unique amenities to enhance your stay in avila beach. we’re located right next to the avila bay athletic club, where you can enjoy a workout, play tennis, enjoy the pools or book a relaxing massage.learn moretranquil adventures beach hikesa beautiful, low-key paradise, avila beach offers all levels of hikes — from strolls to strenuous trails — throughout the hills hugging the coastline. quaint downtown avila beach is your home-base for food, drinks, and unwinding, perfect for a break before or after your hike.learn morebrowse our photo gallerysee what you're missing in avila beach. this is the spot to browse through photos of our beautiful boutique hotel accommodations and amenities, as well as local area. you'll love our look, so get a real feel for our vibe before your stay.see galleryspecials sign upenter your email address to learn about our excellent hotel deals and special packages.sign up  privacy policyweb accessibilitysitemapfaq  avila village inn facebook    avila village inn instagram    avila village inn tripadvisor  open modal button  × save up to 40%extended: now through march 31, 2025.only available to book online. some exclusions apply.book nowavila village inn  6655 bay laurel place avila beach, california 93424 united states    p.  (805) 627-1810    t.  (800) 454-0840 hotel website designbyvizergy©. all rights reserved. call uslocation book now  scroll to top  accommodationsamenitiesspecialsarea guidegallerycontactsitemap 