



enameled and bead embroidery jewelry, studio buttons and more by artist karen l. cohen





























 










cloisonne, enamel, jewelry, silver, gold, enameling, metal, fine metal


last updated
						    02/04/2024




 



























 
i'm karen l. cohen, an enamelist, beader and author with over 40 years experience creating my art. i started with cloisonne enamel and then progressed to other techniques of enameling. my work changed again when i fell in love with bead embroidery and then silk ribbon embroidery. my currently love is japanese temari balls. i like to take various classes to learn a process like pyrography. what's next? only the universe knows. but i do use these skills to create many different types of pieces, including jewelry, studio buttons, wall pieces, dolls, boxes and more.  in 2019 i pubished my second book on enameling: the art of fine enameling, second edition. and am about to publish my newest book on enamel buttons.
 
 
basic table of contents of my site:
studio buttons: buttons in many classifications from studio artiists: diane almeyda, karen l. cohen, and judy ebert 
 read about my book on enamel buttons

japanese temari balls - my newest craft - temari balls with lots of color
youtube channel: my daughter and grandson have started a youtube channel - the finnegan clan. these videos are about characters and their snacks. judith writes the stories, liam creates the drawings. when the story is done, they go into the kitchen to make the snack, giving the recipe for this kid-friendly foods. great way to bond with your children! judith has her bs from the culinary institute of america and started college as a writer. check these out - one day they may become a book!
artwork index:  on-line artwork
teaching: i teach both enameling and beading at the john c. campbell folk school - like a kids camp but for adults; i usually teach in late march or early april. here is more info.
bead knowledge center: bead info for those of you that are in-love with beads, here's all the scoop.
enamel education: do you know what enamel is? would you like to read about the various types of enamelling, like cloisonne, plique-a-jour, champleve, basse taille and more? 
                                        it's really amazing how many different enameling techniques exist. i only use vitreous enamels, mainly leaded colors. i specialize in cloisonne, but also work in other techniques and in non-leaded liquid crackle enamels.
artist trading cards (atc/aceo) - current
heathly eating: i'm interested in healthy eating and have some low fat weight watcher type  recipes on my site.
working with others: i work with other jewelers to create their designs where they need enamels, but are not enamelists themselves. and i have a set of un-set jewels for anyone to purchase.
                                            

book - the art of fine enameling: the 2nd edition -  reviews have been great - read more about it here. note: my first book was                                      
                                          published in 2002, had 2 printings and is now out of print.
                                          
                                          the second edition includes almost all of the 1st so if wanting to purchase, be sure to get the second edition, whose cover is...synthetic plastics corporation - my family business plastic company where in their line of buttons there was a karen button named after me.
                                        
have questions or comments? 


 
































