





home - cade farms













































 





skip to content















  


search for:










who we are valuesstaff & boardvision 205030 years of cadepartners & fundersnews, reports, and publicationswhat we do business servicesaccess to farmlandbusiness developmentaccess to capitalmarketing & value chainregenerative practiceseducation & eventsupcomingannual coursesrecorded webinarsresources access to farmlandresources for farmersresources for landownersbusiness developmentbeginning farmer resourcesbusiness planning resourcesproduct development resourcesjob posting resourceslegal resourcesprocessing facilitiesaccess to capitalinvestmentsloansgrantsfiscal sponsorshipcrowdfundingmarketing & value chainmarketing resourcesvalue chain resourcesthird party certificationsdistributionregenerative practicesantibiotic stewardshipclimate smart farmingconnect with peers and mentorswomen in farminglocal partners and alliesinvesting in ny argribusinessget involved request a consultationcareerscontact usdonate












hometalia2024-03-13t13:38:45-04:00 
est. 1991
the center for agricultural development & entrepreneurshipgrowing ny farms and food businessesget startedlearn more
0farms and food businesses served$0direct client funding secured0jobs established or sustained0new products brought to marketi’ve enjoyed meeting and working with the staff so far. very knowledgeable group of key people!- livestock farm, otsego county
[cade staff] are a pleasure to work with!- vegetable farm, oneida county
every cade service we’ve used has been helpful in planning our business.- orchard, erie county
thank you for all that you do. i am convinced that cade is the reason that we still exist as a farm business.- livestock farm, madison county
we have worked with lots of farming non-profits and organizations over the years and i am just so impressed by how functional, knowledgeable and helpful you all are at cade. truly, thanks so much for all you do.- organic produce farm, schuyler county
we have worked with many ag support groups over 11 seasons farming… cade really gets things done.- organic produce farm, schuyler county
i have very greatly benefited from the support of cade staff throughout the courses that cade has offered. i appreciate their perspective and encouragement.- orchard, rensselaer county
they’re doing amazing work… cade has been very helpful in turning a vision into reality.- livestock farm, kings county
established in 1991, cade envisions a vibrant, regenerative, and equitable food system in which locally owned agricultural businesses thrive and communities are nourished by healthy, sustainably produced food.our mission
our mission is to increase the number and diversity of viable farm enterprises and related businesses across the supply chain in new york through technical assistance, education, mentoring, network-weaving, partnerships, advocacy, and research.








hover to see cade’s ever-growing community of clients, partners, and funders across new york state.
vision 2050
a new york state vision for a profitable, regenerative, equitable & healthy food system future by 2050.
learn morelearn more about cade’s work with local farms.



 
 
quick linksevents calendardonatecareerscontact ussign up for cade’s mailing listthe latest cade programs, financial resources, market opportunities, events, industry news, and more delivered to your inbox each month.

©  cade farms |  all rights reserved. privacy policy
the center for agricultural development and entrepreneurship is a 501(c)3, non-profit organization.


 
 
page load link





















 


go to top




