


health card solutions | patient id cards, medalert cards, high-capacity id cards, membership management, resource tracking



























 

 








 

 




 

 
high-capacity cards | easy access | membership management | resource tracking | medalert cards



live chat software











customized patient identification systems

we currently provide magnetic stripe and bar coded health cards, health card readers, health card creation software, and health card printers.

health card solutions is the nation's leader in providing customized health card systems to medical institutions nationwide. we specialize in creating an ideal fit of your patient identification card with your existing his (hospital information system).
our innovative marketing programs increase patient satisfaction by providing simple solutions to admission questions. the hcs patient card system provides reduced admission time and increase accuracy while strengthening patient loyalty.


the flexibility of the hcs patient card also permits the storage of multiple access codes, allowing affiliated hospital sites and clinics with different computer systems to retrieve vital patient information from the same card.
 

health cards overview
since health cards can be used for patient identification, admissions, insurance verification, payment settlement and marketing - all while reducing administrative costs and improving the quality of service - they will clearly play an important role in health care reform tomorrow.
proven hcs health card technology makes it all possible today.
an hcs patient card system™ allows for the storage of vital patient information and for the electronic access to a health care provider's data base using plastic cards.
here's how: when patients arrive at your facility to register with their health cards, their cards are read by a hcs health card terminal. electronically a medical record number, name or other data stored on the card directly accesses the correct patient record in your database. valuable time is saved and duplicate medical record number problems are reduced. information from the database, the card, or both, is displayed on your adt screens. the admissions interviewer can then proceed efficiently through data verification and updating. at the end of the process both the database and the card are updated simultaneously.
in addition, your admissions department is spared the stress of dealing with frustrated patients. morale is improved. and productivity increases.
from a patient's perspective, your organization will be perceived as one that anticipates the needs of its patients and is committed to serving them in the most pleasant, respectful manner possible.
only an hcs patient card system™ offers such a wide range of options that includes the capability to update patient information on the card when necessary, as well as providing connectivity between your patients and various information systems at different location within your provider network. always consistent and accurate, this patient information can then be more efficiently processed by your business office since the possibility of it being dated, duplicated or misidentified has been eliminated.
cost justifiable in terms of overall increased efficiencies in your admission and business offices; image justifiable in terms of the high degree of market presence your provider network will have as hcs health cards are carried around in the purses and wallets of people in your service areas; an hcs patient card systemtm gives your organization the strategic competitive advantage it needs today and positions it for participation in the health care information highway of tomorrow.






 
call us today at: (651) 257-3030
or use our contact page to send questions / comments.










high-capacity cards | easy access | membership management | resource tracking | medalert cards
customer support center | card reader support | card printer / encoder support | reader writer support
health card solutions | system solutions | products | services | about hcs | customer testimonials
faqs | hcs policy | link to healthcards.com | hcs resources | hcs sitemap | contact hcs
 

 


