





taxi a&r music helps songwriters, artists, and composers get record deals, publishing deals, and film/tv music licensing deals




































taxi
the world's leading independent a&r company



join taxi
renew
member login








close [x]
home
about

about taxi
a&r team


how taxi works
submit music
need music?
news
free convention
contact us
818-222-2464
get free opportunity alerts

join taxi
renew
member login




show menu






taxi gets your music to the people who need it...
major & indie record labels
		film & tv music supervisors
		top music publishers
		production music libraries
		tv commercials
		movie trailers
see who needs music






"i’ve had 105,455 placements on 1,711 shows on 283 tv networks. joining taxi was the best decision i’ve ever made for my music career."
-taxi member, keith lubrant, nj — see more success stories






"my music is heard all over the globe on a daily basis because i joined taxi."
-taxi member, matt vander boegh, idaho — see more success stories






"my income has increased significantly because of placements on cbs, the cw, mtv, netflix, apple tv, amazon, fox, and nickelodeon - all because of taxi!"
-taxi member, elna myburg, texas — see more success stories






"taxi helped me get hundreds of placements on tv shows and national commercials."
-taxi member, andrew jordan, pennsylvania — see more success stories






"getting film and tv placements on my own was difficult. thanks to taxi, i’ve had some amazing placements."
-taxi member, lew sid, california — see more success stories






"taxi gets my music in front of the right gatekeepers."
-taxi member, eryn young, canada — see more success stories






"since joining taxi, i’ve gone from being unknown to now working as a full-time composer for a top publisher, and hearing my music in movie trailers around the world."
-taxi member, randon purcell, utah — see more success stories






"if it weren’t for taxi, i wouldn't have a six-figure music career."
-taxi member, stephen baird, florida — see more success stories






"i always dreamt of hearing my music on television, and taxi made that a reality. i get so excited to read my bmi statements to see where my music has been placed!"
-taxi member, kristin chambers, washington — see more success stories






"i have thousands of tv placements, a gold record, and a very substantial royalty stream, thanks to taxi."
-taxi member, dean krippaehne, washington — see more success stories






"thanks to taxi, i’ve signed deals with multiple publishers and had placements on the cw, hallmark, cbs, and many others. i recommend taxi every chance i get."
-taxi member, anelda spence, tennessee — see more success stories






"i just released my third single with a record label that i was connected with because of taxi."
-taxi member, daniel puddick, great britain — see more success stories






"one of my relationships through taxi led me to getting my music on a hit tv show!"
-taxi member, owen chaim, canada — see more success stories






"taxi’s music convention and feedback led to my first placements in tv, film, and commercials. all the tips and tricks helped fast-track me into writing for sync full-time!"
-taxi member, kali j, california — see more success stories






"taxi has truly opened my eyes to the world of production music. i knew i wanted to get into this business, but just didn’t know where to start."
-taxi member, kyle sutton, maryland — see more success stories





previous
next







get free daily music requests
submit your music

taxi's industry listings tell you exactly what decision-makers need right now. pitch your music to major & independent record labels, music publishing companies, film & tv music supervisors, production music libraries, ad agencies, and video game companies.
we've been building relationships since 1992 and our database reads like a who's who of the music business. we bring real opportunities right to your front door- no matter where you live! taxi's reputation and member success stories are second to none. click to see who needs your music right now.

get free updates


improve your odds
how we help you

taxi members sign major and indie record deals, publishing deals, and license their music for film and tv placements, tv commercials, movie trailers, and video games. indie artists, songwriters, bands, and composers use taxi's expert feedback to help get them started, get great, and get signed!
members who are already seasoned pros spend more time making music and less time on music promotion and marketing because taxi does the legwork for them. and who really likes legwork? click here to see how we save your legs...
how taxi works


avoid music industry scams
the truth about taxi

taxi has been so successful that dozens of companies have tried to copy what we do. sadly, many seem more interested in making a quick buck than acting with integrity and delivering what they promise. 
other companies split submission fees with the companies that request music from them! you might wonder if they even need the music they're asking for. if you want to know why taxi has an a+ rating from the better business bureau, click here to see unedited posts from our members in their own words.

see success stories






"what is a&r music or what is an a&r in the music industry, and what does it have to do with music placements in film or tv?” here’s an answer to that frequently asked question. read more

a&r is short for artist & repertoire, the people who have traditionally identified new talent (artists) for record labels, signed them to record deals, and often times find the right songs (repertoire) for those artists to record.
over time, the term has become somewhat generic and now applies to all people who find or curate artists and/or the music used in the record label, music publishing, and film & tv licensing aspects of the music industry.
taxi music’s a&r people do exactly that: they identify the songs, instrumentals, and artists submitted for  more than 1,000 music opportunities per year!

read less







companies looking for new music...these are just a few of the companies that have used taxi!





taxi's featured artistfebruary, 2025

listen now





hear ten more songs taxi a&r's staff liked this monthlisten now




music industry tips and resources for songwriters, artists, and composers.
taxi tv
learn about record deals, music licensing, songwriting and more, weekly on taxi tv. every monday at 4:00/7:00
pt/et!
watch taxi tv
taxi's free convention!
find out why people who attend taxi's free convention - the road rally - say it's the best convention of its kind on the planet.
check it out!
music business faqs
have questions about music licensing, the music business,  recording and producing your music? get your questions answered here.
read the answers





get your music to these guys
major and indie record labels, film & tv music supervisors, music publishers, production music libraries, music licensing companies, ad agencies, and video game manufacturers!
join taxi now







about

what we do
taxi success stories
taxi's a&r team
our history
taxi music reviews
contact info



community

forums
taxi tv
taxi's convention
music industry blog
books our members love
testimonials



resources

music business articles & faqs
music publishing
songwriting tips
film tv music licensing
how to get record deals
home studio recording
useful music biz links
music industry glossary



news & events

taxi tv
current newsletter
newsletter archive
taxi's road rally
taxi in the press
we're hiring!







taxi independent a&r


facebook
twitter
instagram




home
about
join
get heard
news
outside usa
bond
dmca


contact us | privacy policy© copyright 2022. all rights reserved.
    5010 n. parkway calabasas
    suite 200
    calabasas ca 91302
    usa






