






k & c paranormal investigation

















 











































































 blank



 blank



 blank



 blank



 blank




















11/9/08
 
we are rebuilding all of our things and doing a bit of a make over. we have two investigations coming up
                           very soon! in the meantime i'll be rebuilding so check back. 
                           



updated as on  4/10/07
 
there is another photo at the botto m of the page. it was taken last night (notice
                           date above).  eventually the photos at the bottom of the page will be moved to the picture section.
 happy haunting!
 
i see our guide brought you over to the other side safely. he's harmless, really.
                           he will help you send us an email if you click on him.   do you have a photo to share? please feel free to email
                           us (click on our guide) and we will add it to our  "visitors submissions." don't forget to tell us a bit about the
                           photo as well as your name ( you can give a false name if you feel more comfortable that way). as you can see there is
                           more information on this website. all of our future investigations will be posted here.  everything you see on our sites
                           are as we captured them on film, audio and video. nothing is "doctored" up. thanks so much for your visit.
 
there has been a new video added. it is the one called "orb in den."  










face inside of the orb. looks like a coin.




below is the newest photo captured 4/10/07. we checked the area out and there was nothing
                           there that could cause it. the image did not show up in any of the other photos taken in the same exact spot.









man's face. nothing was there when this was taken.










© copyrighted by k & c paranormal investigations.  no pictures,
                           evp, video clips or digital video may be used in whole or part on any other web sites, groups (private or otherwise) or
                           private collections without the written permission of the owners.
















 
 
                                                                             
                                                      









































































































