






conscious creation – conscious reality creation, law of attraction, metaphysics


































			skip to content		



conscious creation
conscious reality creation, law of attraction, metaphysics













welcome to conscious creation! 


what you will find. . .
this site is a wealth of information that will give you a healthy overview of the general concepts of conscious, deliberate reality creation, as well as sharing other avenues of exploration to further deepen your understanding of your own creative power. we hope the articles, essays, and weblog posts will help you along your own unique path, wherever you decide you’re going!
access over 350 pages of insights about conscious creation, law of attraction, and metaphysics:
blog – news about this site, as well as thoughtful posts, ideas, creations, etc.
total reorientation – a series of channeled sessions discussing the shift from mass reality perception to focusing your energy as a conscious creator.
conscious creation journal – years of article archives, from various contributors, on a wide variety of subjects.
rc101 – reality creation 101 – a great place to start if you’re new to conscious creation or metaphysics.
cc articles – a group of reality creation focused articles originally published in the edge newspaper. 
adult coloring book – the conscious creation coloring book – 20 law of attraction affirmations & meditative mandalas to color!
“the creative process unfolds continually, infinitely, constantly. you cannot miss it. it’s going to happen whether you pay attention or not. so the question becomes: how do you create the inner experience with the most harmony and ingredients of joy or the ingredients you seek in the outer? the answer is, you train your attention away from the outer long enough to perceive how the inner process works.
once you have perceived how the inner process works, that is, you have lined up the details of the inner mechanisms: thoughts, beliefs, feelings, emotions, tendencies, influences, choices. then you are free to go back and watch the outer reflect the new understanding.” – gradius & ragon
 






searchsearchbrowse our site...blog 
total reorientation 
conscious creation journal 
rc101
cc articles 
adult coloring book 
 



conscious creation

					proudly powered by wordpress				









