
                



ho 
precision scale model of the virginian triplex 2-8-8-8-4 with powered drivers 
under the tender

  






homesearchshopping 
cartcheckout
 




  

search 
from  

100s of 
models 
 

 
    

welcome to our website. 
we are sellers of fine brass scale train models with special emphasis towards 
the ho modeler. while plastic models are important and have earned their place 
in the model railroading hobby, brass models are valued by collectors as they 
offer scale models that are most prototypically accurate to the true engine.  
many times the model is not available in plastic, as it has never been 
produced.  therefore, in these cases the model is only available in brass form.  
the selection available in brass is enormous.  what must be a myriad of 
prototypes of steam, diesel, electric, turbines, trolleys and all sorts of 
rolling stocks for most major roads have been made in the nearly 50 years of 
brass model manufacturing.  you may find that elusive model that you are looking 
for here.   
please use our searchable 
database of our inventory to find those models that you are interested in.  
you can access the search page from the hyperlink above. most of our models are 
photographed in detail.  you can order the models online by clicking on the 
hyperlink that will add your selection to the shopping 
cart.  for your convenience, you can use our online secure server to place 
your order via credit card or you are welcome to call with your information.  of 
course we accept checks as well as money orders. 
we always welcome
inquiries.  we are interested in buying 
collections and estates of both trains and railroadiana and also can appraise 
the value of your collection or estate.   you can contact us by email anytime or call us during our business hours at 
252-638-3864 (mon - sat 9am to 6pm eastern time). we accept all major credit 
cards directly and accept deposits for layaways that we can tailor to fit your 
budget. moreover, we are major sellers of brass trains on both ebay and 
sotheby’s.com. click onto either link below to bring up our current 
listings.
 email your want list to us by clicking 
here
 

we accept american express, discover, mastercard or visa 
credit cardsus checks welcome - we have telecheck for speedier 
processing!
30-day return policy on all orders (does not include 
shipping and handling charges)
click on above link for our 
secure online credit card orders
overland custom painted ho model of a prr baldwin centipede diesel with 
interior cab details & antennas

