







home page



this site seeks
blessings of sri mata ji for one and all




dat   herbomineral  treatment centre






i do not seek wealth   
i only seek health for all  are you healthy?...good health has to be earned

dr anil taneja is a bachelor of medicine and
surgery (mbbs) who has graduated from the prestigious  llrm medical college
located at merrut in up india. having practiced for over 15 years the
doctor  was leading a comfortable life serving people, till one day he
discovered that his own wife was suffering from multiple
sclerosis. this initiated him into the realm of ancient indian medicinal
system. having considerably improved the quality of life of his wife he went on
to rediscover the herbal and mineral based treatments hidden in the ancient
indian  texts. starting painfully to understand the reasoning behind the
methodology, the treatment, the pharmacopoeia  doctor has rediscovered the
basic principles on which the sound methods of ancient indian treatments are
based. uniquely gifted he has acquired such an understanding of  human body
that he is set to rewrite medical history books.
new achievement .... i announce success in hiv stage i treatment as within 30 weeks cd3 and cd4 tests have  shown remarkable improvement  
profile
dat herbal and mineral treatment
center is a medical practitioners clinic from where the doctor carries out his
medical practice. presently located in a small suburb of delhi the doctor
receives his patients at his clinic with prior appointment.
a number of persons have benefited
from doctors regimen of medicines, food supplements, and dietary and life style
changes.
doctor is in the process of
establishing a full fledged rejuvenation center where using various improved
herbal medicines and mineral elements  treatment for chronic diseases will
be given.
health
for all  doctor speaks email
what
is multiple sclerosis ?
i say multiple sclerosis is curable. at present we are not taking any new cases of multiple sclerosis, because of shortage of medicines. please bear with us till we enhance our production capacity
!!
are miracles possible ?
can dr stephan hawking walk again?
could president reagan's condition be
stopped from further deterioration?
can a women who is facing menopause
at 30 recover and lead a healthy sexual life and beget children?
can bypass surgeries be avoided?
can diabetes be cured?
can you recover from asthma fully?
is irritable bowel syndrome  a
myth ?
can tumors disappear the way they
appear?
can prostrate cancer be cured?
can you recover from constant fatigue
without medicines?
can your child recover from
hyperactivity and grow up normally?
can ovarian and uterine cysts or
tumors be cured without surgery?
can hypertension be cured?
 
 well i dare to say that 
answer to all the questions above is a  ... big and bold yes
my journey has reached a definite point from where i also dare to announce that i recently treated a boy who was suffering from haemophilia the child is no longer on steroids or transfusion. i also proudly announce successful treatment of cancer of urinary bladder and of cancerous  tumor of sinus region. i dedicate my success to my wife for it was for her i embarked on this journey 
what is good 
health?
·    an answer is a must 
for every health concious person?
·    what are the 
ancient secrets?
·    for the first time 
these secrets of good health are laid bare for you?
·    for the first time 
ancient indian knowledge is unfolded in a simple manner for 
you?
·    you need not be a 
doctor to understand these secrets?
·    these secrets which 
are completely safe and in use for thousands of years.
·    for a scientific 
and logical version of these health secrets which will keep you active mentally, 
physically and healthy for 100 years.
·    write to us or 
email to us with your problems and symptoms. consultation is free for patients 
.
·    if required on site 
consultation fees shall be conveyed in response to the 
email.
·    join our gold 
clients list and become eligible for absolute confidential advise on personal 
health including tips from  ancient indian knowledge base. you 
will also become eligible for our golden package of health  food supplements giving you a great 
health, joy and largely disease free life
·    join our diamond 
clients list for loads of benefits and become eligible for an extra ordinary, 
potent, mineral rich food supplement package for an extremly enjoyable, and 
youthful  life.
·    special food 
supplements are also available for both male and female companions leading a 
sexually active life.
·    special customised dietary supplemnet
packages for athletes, young adults,old age, persons with autoimmune diseases also 
available.
for details
email
doctor
  all multiple sclerosis patients can  get medicines for four weeks at the rate of us $1250/-,inclusive of courier charges.us dollars twelve hundred and fifty only, for four weeks herbomineral food suppliments, inclusive of shipping and handling charges..for patients of other chronic diseases rate is $1550 to $1900/- per month+$210/- as courier and handling charges.at present we are not taking any new cases of multiple sclerosis, because of shortage of medicines. please bear with us till we enhance our production capacity

consult doctor for free consult doctornew patients guide

 
send mail
to dr anil taneja with questions or
comments about this web site.
dr anil
taneja, mbbs
dat herbomineral research
centre

clinic 

office number 59, emerald plaza, golf course ext rd, sector 65
     ,gurugram, haryana ,  122101




    
 
 


mobile phone-- 9350624895      

email 
aniltanejadr@gmail.com
 
 
 


copyright © 2000  dr anil
taneja, dat herbomineral treatment centre, haryana, india
last modified: nov 13, 2022





hivclub.com (online research
forum)
india search engine and web directory










kwmap.com - browse keyword map of the internet 


