








home - anxiety phobia peer support network























































skip to content











homeaboutblogprivacycontact





menu
close





home
about
blog
privacy
contact
home
about
blog
privacy
contact





 



















therapy is for everyone 


















the idea that we all should be in touch with our mental health is a not a well known concept. with so many types of therapy available, we can take care of ourselves and connect with each other on a deeper level. read search our blog for articles to help answer the questions plaguing your mind or reach out to us on our contact page. 



this site was created for people who live with anxiety, panic attacks or phobias and are seeking support, offering support, or both. the anxiety and phobia peer support network is founded on the recognition that people who have faced the challenges of anxiety disorders have experience, tools and hard-won wisdom to share with others.the founder of the network is mani feniger, author of journey from anxiety to freedom. in this practical and motivating book, mani shares her own story of healing, as well as the first-hand narratives of seven other men and women who have lived with debilitating anxiety, and can now talk about the tools and attitudes that have changed their lives. since the book’s publication in 1997, mani has received hundreds of calls from people requesting information, and wanting to know more about how other people with sensitivity to anxiety live fulfilling and satisfying lives. 


















equine therapy 



the eagala® model of equine assisted therapy allows clients to gain trust and grow in confidence through interacting with horses. click here to learn more about equine therapy and how it can benefit you. 







individual therapy 



one-on-one therapy creates a therapeutic alliance which includes trust and confidence. taking the time to focus on only one client’s needs allows the chance for reflection and overcoming hurdles. 







group therapy 



group therapy gives those who struggle a chance to feel that they are not alone in their troubles. it offers a chance to support others as well as receive support. learn more about group therapy here. 



























“ you are not your illness. you have an individual story to tell. you have a name, a history, a personality. staying yourself is part of the battle.” 





























				copyright - wordpress theme by oceanwp			



































