







isnare - multithematic blog about current affairs



























skip to content 




						isnare
					


					multithematic blog about current affairs
				
 

menu 




menu 















how to condition an aquarium? 
november 11, 2022october 19, 2022 by pk4jn 







through this interesting article you can immerse yourself in the fabulous world of aquariums, their types, the process of how to condition an aquarium and its main benefits.
definition of aquarium
an aquarium or fish tank is a container that is mostly made of glass, which contains in its interior the necessary mechanisms to simulate and create in the most successful way a small and dynamic marine ecosystem within it.
if you are one of the lovers of the aquatic world, this is an excellent option, where you can have some fish, plants, small crustaceans, among other living beings, both freshwater and saltwater, free porn videos if you prefer.
types of aquarium
depending on the types of fish that an aquarium houses, they are classified. this responds to the fact that not all fish are compatible and what is most important is to condition an aquarium in the correct way, in order to achieve the greatest possible similarity of this ecosystem with one in its natural environment.
in the various types of aquarium, you mainly find:
marine or saltwater aquarium
this type of aquarium houses a great biodiversity within it and you must bear in mind that it requires completely different care than freshwater. their salt content ranges between 0.5% and 3.8% and they can simulate coastal or oceanic reef ecosystems.
regarding the cost of the saltwater aquarium with respect to the fresh one, the saltwater aquarium is more expensive in every way.
tropical, fresh or warm water aquarium
its salt content is less than <0.5% to achieve the closest possible similarity to that of a river. in them, tropical freshwater ecosystems and cold freshwater ecosystems can be simulated. for the tropical aquarium, the best fish are bettas, tetras, or angelfish, to name a few.
the main difference between saltwater and freshwater aquariums is nothing more than the equipment you need to set up the marine aquarium, since both the process of cycling the water and the acclimatization of fish is exactly the same in both.

how to condition an aquarium?
when conditioning an aquarium you must take into xvideos account a set of key steps for this, such as:

 the choice of the size of the aquarium. it is advisable to be large to achieve greater stability and space for fish and plants in the future.
the location or place where you want to put your aquarium.
the water filter must be proportional to the size of the aquarium.
the lighting system attending to the needs of the fresh or salt water aquarium. remember that, if you use plants, the lighting must be greater.
you create the soil with sand, gravel or substrate.
the decoration and the plants serve as a refuge for the fish.
to fill the aquarium it is advisable to do it only with cold water.
the conditioning of the water is done with antichloro and conditioners.
carrying out the test that monitors parameters such as ph and others.
the water change must be done every 15 days. like the maintenance and monitoring of the equipment.
try to choose fish that look healthy and active.

after this and as the last steps, you proceed to introduce the fish into the aquarium and feed them, with the complete assurance that your process of conditioning an aquarium was successful.
benefits of an aquarium
among the main benefits of an aquarium at home or at work, you have to:

reduce stress.
porntube
it helps fight insomnia.
improves concentration and creativity.
it serves as decoration.

once you take this topic responsibly and fearlessly, you are ready to have your own aquarium and immerse yourself in the fabulous and mysterious aquatic world.


categories pets, tips leave a comment 





types of gardens and how to create one at home? 
november 19, 2021 by pk4jn 







discover through this interesting article, everything related to types of gardens, specifically the creation of a home garden and its importance.
definition of orchards
they are small spaces, dedicated especially to the cultivation of vegetables, fruits and vegetables, for their consumption. this is a new agricultural practice, which is transferred to urban life, in order to obtain a fresher and healthier harvest, ecological and less expensive.
types of orchards
over time, this practice has become a trend and has diversified, taking into account the space and its purpose. among the main orchards you find:
urban gardens
they are responsible for harvesting various foods, intended for domestic use and are developed in open or internal spaces. it is divided into 2 types:

urban garden for profit: the owners of the land where these gardens are developed are in charge of harvesting and selling these products to restaurants, grocery stores, families and the general public.
urban garden for rent or leisure: they are based on the rental of plots on private land, in order to harvest and then sell these products for domestic consumption.

home or family gardens
they are established inside houses and apartments, in pots, balconies, terraces or in vertical crops, distributed on the walls.

public leisure gardens
they are characterized by the fact that the government rents plots on public land for the development of crops, at a lower price than the cost of private land. it seeks to harvest and sell the products, it is also used to educate on agrarian matters.
community gardens
the government gives up plots on public land for the development of crops. with these gardens, not only is it cultivated but also part of the excluded society is activated, such as the elderly, the unemployed, among others.
educational gardens
they are carried out in open or internal spaces, and serve to educate on environmental and agrarian matters and complete the school curriculum.
therapeutic gardens
they directly contribute to the psychological and emotional recovery of patients, together with their recreation.
decorative gardens
they are used both in homes and restaurants, both for harvesting and to improve the decoration of spaces, thus causing a better visual impact.
creating a home garden
once you decide to make your garden at home, you must take into account certain keys for its conditioning such as:

the choice of the place, preferably in illuminated places.
the choice of what you are going to sow (vegetables, fruits or vegetables), to know how to condition the soil.
irrigation. depending on the dimensions of the garden, you must install an irrigation system. if it is inside your house, you do it yourself. it is conditioned to the seasons of the year.
the choice of substrate or fertilizer, this must be ecological and done 2 times a year.
control of diseases and pests. you should do frequent monitoring to determine the status of the crop. it is advisable not to resort to the use of pesticides.

having your own garden at home will provide you with great benefits, such as growing your own food and thus ensuring the health of your family.
however, you should know that to harvest good specimens, you will need to dedicate time and effort to provide your plants with everything they need, so that they can grow large and healthy.
importance of a home garden
it is vital to recognize the positive impact and relevance that these gardens have had in recent years. this evidenced in:

the reduction of environmental impact by not using pesticides.
the reduction of the cost of the family basket.
the direct purchase of food without having to travel to buy it.
the awareness of the ecological advantage.
better nutrition with healthier and fresher food.
education in agricultural matters.



categories gardening, tips leave a comment 





tips for training your dog 
november 19, 2021 by pk4jn 







discover through this interesting article everything related to advice to train your dog, what it consists of and the importance that these have in the behavior and mood of man’s best friend.
what is training your dog?
the decision to adopt a dog must always be made with planning, responsibility, patience and above all a lot of love. dogs are known as man’s best friend, because these little animals are faithful, loving and unconditional. once you adopt one, they go from being simple pets to becoming members of the family, sharing the good and bad moments that life has to offer.
that is why the need arises to instill in them an appropriate behavior, since not only their mood depends on it, but also the guarantee that they will be able to stay with the family that adopted them without generating problems. many times families are criticized who want their dog to have an excellent behavior and see the issue of its adoption compromised to this.
sometimes the family has the best intentions and they have the financial resources, the patience and the love necessary to adopt the dog, but they are limited to the rules of the space in which they live (mostly when talking about apartments), that is why that highlights the need and importance of training your dog.
tips for training your dog
you should know that once you have your dog at home, start training his behavior little by little, with perseverance and dedication. it is estimated that the perfect age for you to start training your dog is after 4 months of life, which is when they are most receptive to all cognitive processes.
some tips that you should consider when training your dog are:

they consider you family and part of their pack, that is why you must show yourself as the leader, so that your orders are taken into account and not ignored.
it is not advisable to sleep with them, because they confuse your authority in the house.
dogs work under a routine of feeding, time to go to the bathroom, walk, naps, among other habits.
while the dogs eat, you should not approach. as much as they love you, they can react under their territorial instincts, as is the case of defending their food.
try not to give your dog human food, it is harmful to his body.
take him out for a walk, they too get bored with the routine and need to exercise to avoid being overweight, anxious and stressful.
when you need your dog to learn a specific behavior or trick, reward him with food, other times with caresses or games. it also helps the repetition and daily record of said activity or trick.
never tie it, not only does it harm your body, but you generate anxiety, fear and stress.
establish a specific site for him to relieve himself. remember to bring your bag and collect the needs of your dog, so you contribute to the cleanliness of your community.


importance of training your dog
by training your dog you are not only improving his behavior, but you are helping to foster a bond of trust and affection between the two of you. totally contrary to the rumors that say that training takes him away from you or changes his essence.
also, remember that this training is a temporary teaching process, its duration is subject to the time the dog takes to learn the specific behavior or trick that is desired. in the future you will see how your dog looks happier, more sociable, with less stress and with more affinity with you.
you should never hit, mistreat, punish, or do any type of activity that compromises the dog’s health. that is no longer training, but mistreatment and abuse of the animal. remember that your dog is one more member that deserves respect and love within the family, as it will give you happiness and faithful company.


categories pets, tips leave a comment 





recipes for quick and nutritious breakfasts 
november 19, 2021 by pk4jn 







discover through this interesting article, various recipes for quick and nutritious breakfasts that will help you start the day with strength and courage. to get out of the routine you can prepare various recipes for quick and nutritious breakfasts, such as the ones you find below:
oatmeal pancakes
oatmeal is the ideal ingredient for any meal, it gives you and helps you control your appetite.
ingredients (for 1 person)

1 banana or apple
2 tablespoons oatmeal
egg
½ glass of milk
honey

preparation
put a banana or an apple, the two tablespoons of oats, an egg and half a glass of milk in the blender. once the mixture is ready, you proceed to spread a little oil with a napkin in a pan. when it’s hot, pour the mixture over it and turn side and side until golden brown. once they are golden, it means that they are done.
egg and ham omelettes
super nutritious due to the protein content that eggs and ham offer, and they are very easy to make.
ingredients (for one person)

2 scrambled eggs
2 slices of ham cut into strips
salt to taste
1 large tablespoon butter

preparation
first, in a frying pan, spread oil with a napkin. when the pan is hot, add the 2 scrambled eggs, the 2 slices of ham in strips, the tablespoon of butter and the salt to your liking. stir and leave until golden brown on each side. you can accompany it with toasted bread.
yogurt with nuts
yogurt is an important ally for the regeneration of the intestinal flora and for digestion and also provides calcium. on the other hand, nuts are a great source of energy.

ingredients (for one person)

a cup of unsweetened yogurt
nuts of your choice
honey

preparation
to a cup of unsweetened yogurt, you add nuts and finally you sweeten it with honey. this is an excellent breakfast to taste.
banana arepas
an excellent food that provides fiber, minerals and vitamins such as a, b1, b2, k among others.
ingredients (for one person)
1 banana (preferably ripe)
1 tablespoon of vegetable oil
preparation
first, you simmer the banana. once the banana is ready, drain the water and let it cool. after this, make a banana puree (crushing the banana in a bowl with a fork), grab the puree and try to make a ball that you will then crush.
smear oil in a pan and when it is hot you add the mixture. turn on each side and voila, you already have some delicious banana arepas that you can accompany with cheese or ham.


categories kitchen, tips leave a comment 






searchsearch

recent posts
how to condition an aquarium?
types of gardens and how to create one at home?
tips for training your dog
recipes for quick and nutritious breakfasts



categories
 gardening

kitchen

pets

tips


 







© 2025 isnare • built with generatepress 








