




 


actr - about



 
















home


join us


donate


help





log in


 






about



board of directors




nominations to the board



board of directors nominations




open nominations




2025 candidates to the board







committees and programs




actr awards and grants



actr service award







actr bylaws




anti-harassment policy statement




statement on racism and discrimination




membership



join actr/renew




directory




annual meeting







donations







k-12



teaching excellence k12




russian scholar laureate award (rsla)




olympiada of spoken russian




national russian essay contest (nrec)




olga kagan professional development




slava slavic honor society




newl russian exam







college



awards and grants



teaching excellence award graduate




teaching excellence award post secondary




post secondary russian scholar laureate award



psrsla guidelines










national post-secondary russian essay contest




summer internship




dobro slovo slavic honor society







publications



newsletter




russian language journal







events



teachers' lounges




webinars and roundtables




graduate student programming




russian language practice for teachers




mentorship program




2020 national conversations







50th anniversary conference



call for proposals




keynote speakers




conference schedule







advocacy



why study russian?




how to promote russian



promote russian secondary




promote russian postsecondary










resources



teaching materials




professional organizations




diversity, equity and inclusion




summer programs




addressing war in ukraine









about



the american council of teachers of russian (actr)










mission statement 

goals of actr

diversity statement

bylaws
 
overviewthe
 american council of teachers of russian (actr) was founded in 1974 as 
an association of language and area professionals involved with russian 
language, literature and linguistics. membership is open to all persons 
with an interest in the study and teaching of the russian language. actr
 members receive the actr letter (published four times per year) and the russian language journal (an
 annual scholarly journal), and they are eligible to enroll students in 
actr award programs and contests and to take part in other actr programs
 and activities.








upcoming events



teachers' lounge: teaching grammar with a purpose: approaches to scaffolding grammar acquisition in communicative contexts

27 feb 2025 5:30 pm
•
zoom



50th anniversary virtual conference cfp

25 apr 2025
•
online



























2025 general membership meeting






10 feb 2025 7:13 pm |
                anonymous member (administrator)





dear colleagues:
i hope 2025 brings you many bright moments, new opportunities, and reasons to stay positive throughout the year!
i would like to invite you to our annual online general membership meeting, which will take place on thursday, february 13, from 7:00 to 9:00 pm est.

follow this link to register for the meeting. both members and non-members are welcome to attend. 
the agenda for our meeting includes: 


award celebrations


announcements of board election results


updates on actr programs, services, and publications


announcements of upcoming events and professional development opportunities


i would also like to remind you that by registering for this meeting, you acknowledge and agree to abide by the actr anti-harassment policy. 
i appreciate your ongoing support and contributions to actr's activities. i am looking forward to seeing you at the general membership meeting and the future events, including our 50th anniversary virtual conference on april 25-26, 2025.
best wishes,
olga klimova
actr president







read more


















actr post-secondary russian scholar laureate award 2025






20 jan 2025 7:16 pm |
                anonymous member (administrator)





it is the time of the year to nominate a stellar student in your program for the annual actrpost-secondary russian scholar laureate award - psrsla-2025. this award is an opportunity for instructors at two- and -four year college programs, including community colleges, to recognize a stellar student in their russian language programs. for the parallel pre-college award, please see the k-12 tab on the actr website.
last spring, thanks to the efforts of dozens of russian program directors, coordinators, and lecturers, eighty two students received the actr post-secondary russian scholar award-2024, including several students whose russian-language programs participated in the nomination process for the first time. 
this year’s nomination deadline date is march 1, 2025. for guidelines on submission criteria, please visit https://www.actr.org/psrsla_guidelines. please note that nominations must be submitted electronically at https://forms.gle/vphtz6bnbfsolhgd9. only one nomination will be accepted per russian language program. award certificates will be mailed to nominators by april.  
questions? suggestions? please contact us at iza.savenkova@gmail.com or meridoubleday@gmail.com
we look forward to receiving your nominations for psrsla-2025.
izolda savenkova and meredith doubleday 
psrsla co-chairs







read more


















call for applications: actr summer internship 2025






20 jan 2025 6:54 pm |
                anonymous member (administrator)





the american council of teachers of russian (actr) is excited to announce a new opportunity for highly-motivated college students to enhance their professional and administrative skills through our annual summer internship program. this is a unique chance to gain hands-on experience while contributing to the promotion of russian language studies in today’s world.
internship details:


term: june – august 2025


length: 4 to 12 weeks (flexible based on agreement)


hours: flexible; however, for external funding purposes, applicants must commit to 8 weeks and 240 hours (e.g., 30 hours per week for 8 weeks or 20 hours per week for 12 weeks).


compensation: this is an unpaid internship. applicants are encouraged to seek financial support through their colleges or external sources. here is a list of potential funding opportunities.


responsibilities: the 2025 summer actr intern will: collaborate with the actr advocacy subcommittee to brainstorm, create, design, update, and promote materials (including flyers and short videos) advocating for the study of russian in the contemporary world. for more information, please visit the actr student summer internship webpage.
eligibility:


open to current college students with an interest in russian language and culture, advocacy, and digital content creation.


applicants should possess strong organizational, communication, and creative skills.


experience with social media management, graphic design, or video editing is a plus but not required.


how to apply: fill in the application form by march 1, 2025. the form will ask applicants to:


submit a resume detailing relevant experience and skills;


answer several questions, explaining their interest in the internship and how it aligns with their academic and career goals.


if you have any questions, please contact olga klimova at vok1@ pitt.edu or julia denne at bytheonionse@gmail.com
we look forward to receiving students’ applications and welcoming a passionate intern to our team!







read more

































































home


join us


donate


help




copyright 2024 actr





powered by wild apricot membership software







