










home  - www.momentsphotography.com








































 

facebook










moments photography






my cart home clients

log in

create account



find my photos

my account


seniorschildrenfamilypublic relationson-line orderingcontact us



menu





menu


clients

    log in

    create account



    find my photos

    my account


familyseniorspublic relationschildren on-line orderingcontact ushomemy cart 







  


1515 pleasant valley blvd | altoona | pa | 16602 | 814-944-3786




senior photographythere is a difference when in it comes to senior photography. find out why moments is central pa's #1 senior photographer.  studio, outdoor and on location sessions are available as well as packages that fit any budget.  call today to reserve your session.view portfolio













children  photographyfrom timeless session to fun birthday shoots, moments has children's session for any occasion.  ask about our popular kid's rock program.  packages start at $79.95view portfolio













family portraitsnow is the time to get the family together and create a family portrait that can be the center piece of your home.  our $60 session can take place in our studio, at an out door location, or in your home.  the session also includes any photographic arrangements that you want such as the whole family, just the kids, mom and dad, and all the grand kids.  moments offers customized packages and no order minimums.  ​view portfolio













public relation  photographymake a statement about your business with high quality public relation photograph.  we make it simple.  a fee of $95 we provide a pr session and a retouched portrait on any media for unlimited use.view portfolio













sports and activity photographycoming soonview portfolio















my socials


















about memy name is jeremy boland and this is my crazy, fun, loving family.  i am married to amanda hewitt boland.  she is the one that holds our family together.  she takes care of her "3" boys.    amanda is  the director at soaring heights school.  my boys carson and carter are twins and they keep us very busy.  so busy that i stopped doing weddings back in 2015.  spending time with my family was more important.  we spend our time at soccer, basketball, riding, and raystown.  i wouldn't change it for anything.  
































 















sign up for email promotions.


 




your information is safe with us and won't be shared.





no thanks


thank you for signing up!
close
 









www.momentsphotography.com   home   seniors   children   family   public relations   on-line ordering   contact us   
	


		©2025 all rights reserved.  content may not be used without prior express written consent. 
	made with sytist
 


loading more photos
scroll to top












close | clear all & close






















close window






loading











close







