


 











clearview capital - private equity firm in stamford, ct







































































































































































































clearview capital















download overview refer a business  our story value creation investments team news & insights get in touch  















see beyond




scroll





industry recognition



















































































as proven partners to management teams, we operate 
with transparency and authenticity to build market leaders.







growth-focused




2.7x
average ebitda growth of exited platforms










trustworthy




19
firm industry recognitions




25+
portfolio company executives invested in clearview subsequent funds










experienced




44
platform investments




100+
add-on acquisitions




19 years
average tenure of partners














we are an experienced team that puts relationships first.
meet the team













hear it firsthand 









joe posewick
former ceo, en engineering









duane jebbett
former ceo, rowmark 










									clearview spent a lot of time understanding who we were as an operating company. in their first two months of ownership, clearview knew more about us than our previous owners ever knew.								




									time and time again, clearview showed us they genuinely cared about our entire team’s efforts. their positive and easy communication style made it easy to deal with tough business issues as they arose. they helped us to identify critical opportunities and innovative ways to really grow the business more profitably.								



















watch now
clearview capital receives inc. founder-friendly award for 6th consecutive year!









generating meaningful results by growing great companies.
view investments






ebitda growth during clearview’s ownership











featured news






january 14, 2025
capitol imaging continues houston market expansion  with acquisition of houston mri


read more








january 9, 2025
clearview capital announces the sale of nielsen-kellerman


read more








july 8, 2024
upswell augments its dentistry vertical with the acquisition of dental marketing


read more







view all news





featured videos













watch now
clearview capital’s portfolio company, capitol services: add-on strategy
















watch now
interview with adcellerant’s ceo and coo
















watch now
exit interview with elevation labs’ ceo














clearview capital













 home  our story  value creation  investments  team  news & insights  get in touch  



copyright 2025 | privacy policy and terms of use & disclosures




 download overview  refer a business








 


























































