




























tom hanna – ph.d. candidate in international relations and comparative politics














































































 toggle navigation   
tom hanna
ph.d. candidate in international relations and comparative politics


welcome
 research 

 research


teaching 

teaching: courses taught
teaching materials
teaching: syllabi


contact
cv
github
calendar
personal interest 

political speeches and documents collection
favorite art, literature, and music
academic blogging (future)


 










welcome to my website. i am a ph.d. candidate in international relations and comparative politics in the department of political science at the university of houston. i was a 2022-2023 oskar morgenstern fellow and 2023-2024 adam smith fellow at the mercatus center at george mason university. i have been a lecturer at university of houston, houston community college, and our lady of the lake university . 
my research endeavors revolve around a central theme: the broad array of threats that democracy faces, from both international and internal sources, with a specific emphasis on the pernicious influence of authoritarian politics at the intersection of international and domestic affairs including both conflict and political economy considerations.  i am also interested in political science methodology and deep learning.
my dissertation research focuses on signaling to domestic audiences as an explanation of threatening behavior by autocratic regimes in the form of initiation of military conflict and sponsorship of non-state armed groups targeting foreign nations. my other ongoing research examines the effects of autocracy led economic integration efforts, specifically the cuban and venezuelan led bolivarian alliance for the peoples of our america (alba), and a project on the application of machine learning for  measuring the leadership politics of dictatorship and the behavior of authoritarian leaders.
this website predates my graduates studies, so to avoid breaking links it includes sections devoted to personal interests. 

share, save or print:linkedintwitteremailprintmastodonredditpocketlike this:like loading... 



















copyright 2023-2024 tom leard hanna
 









                                copyright © 2023                             




                            theme: sciencex lite by wpmanageninja.                        






 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.acceptreject read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 

 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website

















































%d


