





  



art restoration, painting conservation | old world restorations







































 































old world restoration

homeaboutservices

all servicespainting restorationphotograph restorationmetal cleaning and restorationcustom picture framingpicture frame restorationpaper conservation and restorationstatue and sculpture restorationlighting fixture restorationmural restorationfire and water damage restorationobject restorationart collection inspections and surveys
collection care

all collection carecaring for paintingsmonument conservation and carecare for pictures and photographscaring for furniture and woodcaring for works on papercaring for textiles
newsinformation

video collectionfrequently asked questionsclient references
contact usrequest a quote 










old world restorations
art restoration and conservation
restoration services










art restoration – paper conservation – custom picture framing
 
new business hours: old world restorations is open by appointment only.
call (513) 271-5459 to schedule an appointment to bring in or pick up items. voice messages will be returned as soon as we are able.
new entrance: our new entrance is located in the front of the building at street level.   
new parking: parking is available directly in front of the building off wooster pike in advanced dentistry parking lot (look for reserved parking signs), or the lot behind our building off dragon way (use sidewalk ramp from back of our lot down to front of building).  

new entrance to old world restorations, inc.

reserved parking spaces in front of our building. enter this lot from wooster pike
 
 
restoring and preserving art and antiques since 1978

we clean, repair, restore and preserve paintings, frames, prints, documents, photographs, works on paper, ceramics, glass, statuary, sculpture, decorative objects and more.
we provide professional art restoration and conservation services for individuals, collectors, museums, historical societies, designers, dealers and insurance companies nationwide.
items are examined and restoration options with cost estimates are provided for consideration and approval, before any work is performed.
most projects are completed in our cincinnati, ohio studio within twelve weeks, unless required sooner.
our fees are affordable and based on the time and materials required to complete each project.
our minimum charge is $150.00 not including packing, shipping and insurance.
whether you have a single painting to be cleaned or an entire collection to be restored and preserved, you will find our experienced staff eager to assist.

 
“old world restorations restores and preserves 
family keepsakes and treasured works of art 
for future generations”
for more information: call us at (513) 271-5459 oremail info@oldworldrestorations.com








restoration services
we offer a wide range of art restoration and conservation services.






collection care
tips and advice to protect and preserve your art, antiques and family heirlooms






restoration news
news, information, events and project highlights













old world restorations restores paintings and frames of all kinds. we also offer limited repair, cleaning and stabilization of decorative objects including ceramics, wood, metal, stone and glass. works on paper, historic documents, maps and photographs can usually be deacidified, restored and preserved. we also clean and restore some architectural elements including murals, frescoes, gold leaf and light fixtures. call or email us for more information.
our services








do you have art and antique treasures in need of cleaning and restoration? give us a call or email images and descriptions to info@oldworldrestorations.com to receive treatment options and preliminary cost estimates.
collection care






restoration news
view all news












new entrance and parking
when visiting us in person, please note that our entrance has moved to the front of the building at street level. parking is available directly in front of the building off wooster pike (look for reserved parking signs), in our...
read more















new business hours
old world restorations is now open by appointment only. please call us at (513) 271-5459 to schedule an appointment for estimates and to drop off or pick up items.
read more










 







request a quote
request a quote by filling out our brief form and uploading images.
once we’ve looked over your project, we will then contact you with treatment options and a preliminary estimate.
request a quote







old world restorations, inc.  5729 dragon waycincinnati, ohio 45227  usa   (513) 271-5459email: info@oldworldrestorations.com
get directions
office hours by appointment: monday-friday: 10:00 am until 5:00 pm appointments outside office hours can be arranged by calling (513) 271-5459



ig feed






home
about us
restoration services
collection care
video collection
contact us






restoration news
authorized reps
faqs
client references





request a quote
















© 2025 old world restorations, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy

















