










family danz | heating, cooling, & oil delivery near albany, ny
































































skip to content








heating & cooling








home heating oil








commercial / mechanical hvac
















contact us



























 



















family danz
404 n. pearl st, albany, ny 12207






call today for help






(518) 427-8685


















heating & coolinginstallation air conditioning heating heat pumps ductless mini-splits gas furnaces oil furnaces boilers oil to gas conversionsrepair air conditioning heating heat pumps ductless mini-splits gas furnaces oil furnaces boilersmaintenance air conditioning heating heat pumps ductless mini-splits gas furnaces oil furnaces boilersindoor air qualityabout us hvac tax credits and incentives financing mitsubishi diamond dealer careersservice areaspreferred service agreementnewscontact ushome heating oilcommercial / mechanical hvac
















new heating for only $99 | save up to $800 on ductless heating









 






















welcome to the family






how can we help?




























“family” is more than a part of our name.






it’s how we do business every day.






whether it’s an emergency repair, annual maintenance, or a new heating or air conditioning system, we’ll treat you right, be there when you need us, and help you save. just like we would for family.






see what our customers have to say


























medal of excellence











45+






years of service




























family






owned & operated




























licensed






owned & operated






















heating & air conditioning in albany, schenectady & saratoga springs, ny






whether it’s an emergency repair, annual maintenance, or a new heating or air conditioning system, we’ll treat you right, be there when you need us, and help you save. just like we would for family.






get in touch
















our family-owned business is trusted by 45,000 people in the capital region








 
 






play video









call now to learn more






(518) 427-8685









we’ll help you save






no upselling






tired of hvac companies that push new systems instead of repairs? we have a team of highly skilled technicians who will do everything they can to get your system up and running again.
however, if you are in the market for a new system, there are incredible incentives available to help pay for an upgrade to one of our quality, high efficiency systems. we’ll help you save. become a part of our family.






we’ll respect your time






timely & efficient






we know your time is valuable, so we provide accurate appointment windows and strive to always arrive on time to your home or business. we work efficiently and get the job done right the first time.






we’re there when you need us






24/7 emergency repairs






anyone can replace a system, and if that’s what you need, we’ll help you save. but we also know how to fix problems that others can’t. we repair any brand of heating & ac, and that could save you thousands.


















































heating







we offer the best in products and service for our heating customers - something we’ve done for more than 30 years.







heating repair
heating maintenance
heating installation
furnaces
boilers




















ductless







whether you need heating and cooling in a single space or throughout your home, ductless systems provide year-round comfort without the need for ductwork.







ductless repair
ductless maintenance
ductless installation




























air conditioning







feeling the heat in your albany, schenectady or saratoga springs, ny area home or business? there’s no need to suffer through another summer.







air conditioning repair
air conditioning maintenance
air conditioning installation




















heat pumps







for more than 30 years family danz has been providing the best heating and air conditioning services for residential and commercial customers.







heat pump repair
heat pump maintenance
heat pump installation


















































ny counties we serve









albany county
columbia county
greene county
rensselaer county
saratoga county











schenectady county
schoharie county
warren county
washington county
the capital region













 














let us know how we can help






your first interaction with family danz will show you how we’re a different home comfort company up front. our knowledgeable staff will answer any questions you may have accurately and politely, schedule appointments according to your needs and attend to emergencies promptly.











fill out this form or call us for help.






(518) 427-8685















name*

first



last


this field is hidden when viewing the formnameemail*

message*phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ










by submitting, you authorize family danz to reach out via phone, email, or text for explicit information about project needs. we will never share your personal information with 3rd parties for marketing purposes or spam you. you can opt out at any time. message/data rates apply. consent is not a condition of purchase.
terms and conditions | privacy policy




























“honest, hard working and reliable”“these guys are the best, honest, hard working, and reliable. they installed air conditioning into our home last year using both the existing ducts and adding ductless systems. in two days in the middle of winter they completely replaced our failing furnace and hot water tank. the house never dropped below 66f the one night we had no heat. they are amazing. you get what you pay for, don't be penny wise and pound foolish, just hire family danz and don't worry about it again!”laura a. 

“a joy to work with”“today i had doug come to my house to repair my furnace ignition. he did a wonderful job and we appreciate his help and he did his job efficiently and also gave us some good advice on heating maintenance. thanks. it is a joy to work with your company and work with doug.”renping y. 

“above and beyond service”“these guys are great! had problem with furnace and they went above and beyond to straighten it out. nancy was especially helpful and todd and dan were great too! thank you family danz for making sure we have heat and can stop worrying!”philip b. 

“top notch products”“i feel very comfortable with family danz. the products are top notch, salespeople are friendly and not pushy at all and the front office staff is very helpful. not the least of all – family danz prices are the most reasonable of any other company in the area. thank you!”a.m. cohes 

“prompt, polite and professional”“i have been using family danz for my heating and cooling for several years. and now i used them to replace hot water heater. great service! the installation team was prompt, polite, and professional. they answered every question that i asked. i will happily continue to use this company in the future!”lynn k. 

“they treat me honestly”“i have been a family danz customer for 6 years. i also purchase the yearly contract. i am always pleased with the prompt and professional staff that arrive to service my heating and cooling unit. they treat me honestly and get the job done. i highly recommend this company.”teri g. 




















other great reasons to choose family danz










knowledgeable, responsive and polite office staff
courteous, trustworthy and respectful technicians
we repair, maintain or install any brand or system model
we’ll help you take advantage of all available incentives and rebates
financing options that fit your budget



























											should i consider replacing my furnace?									


			january 21, 2025	


    as the colder months approach in the capital region, ensuring your home's heating system is in peak condition becomes a...









											the importance of regular heat pump maintenance									


			august 30, 2024	


    more and more homeowners are choosing heat pump systems to help keep their homes comfortable. heat pumps offer a wide...









											when should i consider a new heating system?									


			january 30, 2024	


    when winter’s chill returns to the albany area, most homeowners turn to their home heating system for warmth and comfort....









											nominations open for family danz heat for heroes furnace giveaway									


			january 20, 2024	


    local active-duty military members, veterans, surviving spouses eligible to win new furnace installation family danz, a family-owned heating and air...









											ductless heating can keep you cozy this winter									


			december 21, 2023	


    do you have a space in your home that you wish you could use more during the winter months? for...









											how do i know if i need heating repairs?									


			november 20, 2023	


    the chilly weather has returned to the albany area, and chances are you’ve had to run your home’s heating system...









											2023 winter events in albany, ny & the capital region									


			november 9, 2023	


    every year it seems the winter holidays arrive earlier and earlier, but is that a bad thing? we say no!...









											why choose family danz for your home comfort needs?									


			october 30, 2023	


    at family danz, we’re always appreciative of the support and loyalty of our customers. it means a lot to us...









											need a new home comfort system? heat pumps are a great choice.									


			august 31, 2023	


    now that the summer months are winding down, you may be wondering if your home heating system will be ready...









											don’t suffer with old air conditioning – 5 reasons to update your system.									


			july 30, 2023	


    once summer is in full swing, the heat and humidity can become unpleasant, and homeowners rely on their air conditioning...

























we can’t wait to welcome you to the family

























































family danz
404 n. pearl st, albany, ny 12207
(518) 427-8685









links






air conditioning
heating
heat pumps
ductless mini-splits
gas furnaces
oil furnaces
boilers
indoor air quality
about us
service areas
service agreements
news









see our current deals and special offers








































© copyright 2025 family danz | all rights reserved | sitemap | privacy policy | accessibility statement | hvac website by mpw marketing









 






































