



muskoka's freshest supply of jazz, r&b and more! | mitch beube band




































 































menu  events

eventspast events
r&b bandjazz combomitch beube & jason crawfordtestimonialscontact












mitch beube bandmuskoka's freshest supply of jazz, r&b and more!






menu  events

eventspast events
r&b bandjazz combomitch beube & jason crawfordtestimonialscontact












live music makes the moment!
get a quote ❯
















we perform our music live
whether you’re planning a wedding, corporate event, or looking to freshen up your venue with live music, the mitch beube band is all tuned up and ready for the count-in!
no matter your musical needs, we will match your budget, event size and demographic to make your guests’ experience unforgettable.



















r&b band
this versatile configuration has an expansive repertoire of rhythm & blues, pop, motown, classic rock, reggae, and big band / swing to keep your guests’ feet moving!


“i had the privilege to have heard mitch and his band at a recent event and was more than thoroughly entertained by his dynamic sound. the music kept our group dancing and enthusiastic for the whole evening. my wife and i enjoyed the band and as such we have booked the band for an upcoming family function.
without reservation, i recommend mitch beube and his colleagues to play any affair if you want to be entertained by a great band with an excellent sound and a fun r&b repertoire that will keep your guests interested, dancing and enthusiastic with a high caliber performance.”

– howard and sheri ann bloom


learn more about r&b band 


the mitch beube jazz combo
playing the most beloved jazz standards of the past century, we’ll set the mood with our jazz combo featuring the most refined musicians muskoka has to offer!


“the mitch beube band got rave reviews! they brought that ‘touch of sparkle’ to our awards evening. they were a hit! many thanks for a great trio!”

– ellen boddington, event planner for the canadian standards association

“we really enjoyed having your jazz on the patio this summer. i received a lot of great feedback from the customers. we’d love to have you back next year…”

– ted carruthers, (owner) the rock grill and patio


learn more about mitch's jazz combo 
















get a quote



name*


first



last

email*

phonedate of event


type of  eventweddingcompany partyprivate partyotherapproximate # of guestswhich band(s)?

r&b band


jazz combo


help me decide!
additional details / questions*

serving muskoka and surrounding areas including barrie, orillia, parry sound, toronto, north bay.
yes, please keep me up-to-date with occassional newsletters of what the mitch beube band is up to.

yes


 

























copyright © 2025 mitch beube bandview full site



















































