











crouching mommy, hidden laundry














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar


















monday, june 7, 2010













it turns out that thing two is a budding athlete--- go figure.

she has developed an incredibly intense love for the game of softball. she loves it. when she was first assigned to her team, she immediately began dressing in blue and white. she went to bed wearing her softball mitt. she bullied her brother in to playing catch incessantly, and learned to catch it just as hard as he could throw it. she loves the cheering from the dugout, the ritual of whacking the bat on the base before hitting, the dust of the field (me—not so much), the whole package.

last friday --- she broke.

it was the 5th inning or so (and, granted, innings should be taken with a grain of salt. i haven’t quite figured out the system—i believe that they get five hits or so, maybe 6? the inning is over when everyone gets a chance to bat, or three strikes, whichever comes first.), and thing two is playing 3rd base. the hitter hits a line drive right to 3rd, and somehow (yes, you can guess it) the ball bounced off the top of her mitt and smacked her directly in the mouth.

you could have heard a pin drop.

then in a split second, she looks at me and makes the horrified cry face (you know the one), and already blood is gushing out of her mouth. ironically, she had lost a tooth earlier in the day. her coach & the other coach were already on their knees clawing through the dirt, looking for the missing tooth after seeing the empty socket in her mouth. i run out there, grab my baby (my baby with the bloody mouth!! no words.) and determine that nothing is broken, and then tell the coach, “that missing tooth? it wasn’t from this, she lost it earlier.” 

this was a roundabout way of saying, thing two loves softball.  i love softball.  i loved it as a kid and teenager, and i love it even more now. i love that the other moms went running to the concession stand for ice to put on her face. i love it that thing two boo-hooed a little bit, then said, “well, they’ll call me a big stick when i get up to bat covered with blood, huh?!” i love it that her brother bought her a drink with his own money (even though, coincidentally, it wasn’t a flavor that she liked so he had to drink it. heh.). i love that the games are right in the magical hour before dusk, with long shadows and hotdog scented breezes. i love that there is no dress code for the parents. i love that everyone cheers for my girl, and i cheer for their kids too. 

i love that she can get smacked in the mouth with a ball and then go back to up to bat wearing her jersey drenched with blood. that’s my girl. 

and yes, i went out today and bought her a defensive face guard. 

because now? she isn’t afraid of the ball. and tonight’s the night.





posted by

cmhl



at

5:10 pm



13 comments:
  


























older posts

home






background





creative commons




this work is licensed under a
creative commons license.





the year's at the springand day's at the morn;morning's at seven;the hillside's dew-pearled;the lark's on the wing;the snail's on the thorn;god's in his heaven-all's right with the world!~robert browning




"i wish you more for the new year than words can express, peace of mind and rest of your body, supreme satisfaction in your personal life, and in your work. much joy and some happiness snatched from a mad and bloodthirsty world."   - emma goldman 1939(via mindy @ www.themommyblog.com)




"christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful."~norman vincent peale




the supreme court has ruled that they cannot have a nativity scene in washington, d.c.  this wasn't for any religious reasons.  they couldn't find three wise men and a virgin. (jay leno)




i tell you everything that is really nothing, and nothing of what is everything, do not be fooled by what i am saying.  please listen carefully and try to hear what i am not saying.  ~charles c. finn




"real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not."~oprah winfrey




be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. ~dr. seuss





 




jackson pollock by miltos manetas

get the jackson pollock by miltos manetas widget and many other great free widgets at widgetbox! not seeing a widget? (more info)



statcounter








trafficfile





web counter by trafficfile.com










