




national press foundation | npf






































































 








national pressfoundation

upcoming
resources
fellowships

widening the pipeline
paul miller for d.c. press
american child


awards

2025 awards dinner
sponsorship opportunities


about

about npf
staff & board
rent our studio
newsletter: subscribe


 


donate


















            npf journalism awards dinner – feb. 20, 2025        






            apply now: carolyn c. mattingly award for mental health reporting        






            apply now: thomas l. stokes award for energy and environment journalism        






congress


            helene cooper on covering the pentagon in new trump term        












a trauma glossary to help you take care of yourself



mental health



from moral injury to vicarious trauma, journalists need to know how to heal


licensed psychologist gretchen schmelzer explained the different forms of trauma and what strategies can be used to tackle them.









why newborn screenings and rare disease coverage matter



rare diseases



how a drop of blood helps thousands of families tackle the challenge of rare disease


ahead of rare disease day 2025, experts help journalists understand the science and policies surrounding newborn screening for life-threatening illnesses.









‘show up’: in-person reporting gets results



politics



paul miller washington reporting alumni share tips


journalists offer advice on building sources on capitol hill and in new beats.









capitol police chief on jan. 6: ‘you cannot politicize this’



politics



jan. 6 insurrection looms large for capitol police chief


"i got cops that were just stomped, were beaten with hockey sticks," said u.s. capitol police chief tom manger of the jan. 6 attack.









washington journalism’s ‘essential ingredient’: deep sourcing



politics



reporter-source relationship is the test of any good journalist


two-time pulitzer winner philip rucker says "no surprises journalism" helps reporters build trust with sources.









dean baquet: original reporting remains journalism’s ‘north star’



career tips



former new york times executive editor's advice: focus on newsgathering, not snark


the new york times won 18 pulitzers under dean baquet's leadership. here's why he's jealous of young reporters. 









upcoming


npf journalism awards dinner – feb. 20, 2025


apply now: thomas l. stokes award for energy and environment journalism


apply now: carolyn c. mattingly award for mental health reporting


apply by april 6: international trade training for journalists in asia



more upcoming



npf in the news


wall street journal wins hinrich trade reporting award


maria hinojosa wins 2024 kiplinger award


suki dardarian of minnesota star tribune wins editor of the year award


npf names 20 journalists for widening the pipeline 2025 class


milwaukee journal sentinel and long lead win wounded warrior project® awards


npf names 20 journalists for paul miller fellowship 2025 class


url media co-founders s. mitra kalita, sara lomax win npf chairman’s citation


tom tomorrow wins 2024 berryman cartoonist award


cox media group and kff health news win 2024 feddie award


washington post, kgtv abc 10news win 2024 aarp awards for excellence in journalism on aging


benjamin guggenheim of politico wins 2024 dirksen award


the new york times wins 2024 innovative storytelling award


christiane amanpour wins national press foundation taishoff award


national press foundation releases journalism guidelines for covering women in politics



more news





        what journalists say about npf    



“i see the professionalism and enthusiastic support from the organizers. … i was connected with and conversed with journalists who have a very close grasp of the information in their respective countries, helping me gain additional perspectives on the realities unfolding in their nations. we connected as if there were no barriers of language, geographical location, or ethnicity. i felt a genuine bond among us.”


 

                        phuc ta thi hong                    

                        forbes vietnam                    

                        international trade reporting fellowship, 2024                    



“this was a great experience, and i can already tell how much this will deepen my reporting and help me prepare for the upcoming election. i also found so much of this program very inspiring and validating. it reminded me why i wanted to become a journalist in the first place.”


 

                        lynn la                    

                        calmatters                    

                        statehouse reporting fellowship, 2023                    



“to be able to learn from the experts we’ve learned from and interact with the other journalists that i was blessed and fortunate enough to work with this week, it’s a reminder of why i do what i do and the impact that we can make on a daily basis.”


 

                        aziah siid                    

                        word in black                    

                        future of the american child fellowship                    



“as we got more into the fellowship, i realized long-term care is everyone’s issue … i’m really excited to bring this information back and package it in an accessible way for the communities i write for.”


 

                        ande richards                    

                        nj advance media                    

                        america's long-term care crisis fellowship                    



“listening to everyone … share their experiences and learning that i was far from the only one facing many of these challenges – it was so validating and authentic.”


 

                        ambar castillo                    

                        epicenter nyc                    

                        widening the pipeline fellowship, 2024                    



“connecting with other reporters who cover similar themes (though sometimes with very different framing) about an interesting topic with good story potential was a special combination that is difficult to find in other venues.”


 

                        daniel payne                    

                        politico                    

                        covering workplace mental health fellowship                    




        recent speakers
    






                dean baquet            

                local investigative times fellowship lead, the new york times             






                silvia foster-frau            

                national investigative reporter, the washington post            






                tia mitchell            

                washington bureau chief, the atlanta journal-constitution            






                robin givhan            

                senior critic at large, the washington post            






                james comey            

                author; former director, federal bureau of investigation            





featured videos










what's the npf dinner like? take a look!
1:16









what's the npf dinner like? take a look!
1:16







election misinformation not new – but potent
1:01:03







new election laws governing 2024 vote
1:16:41







trump gains with black men overblown, says detroit naacp president
1:01:19







in memoriam: portraits of journalists lost
1:24







no solutions for taiwan, gaza, says ex-diplomat
1:07:12







mich. secretary of state on protecting elections
54:00









diversity





                helping journalists to #thinksafety            







say yes to the camera: building confidence in journalism







3 things young journalists should do







podcasting insights from vox and politico







navigating newsrooms with telemundo’s lori montenegro





democracy





                21 types of political spin you should know            







‘extreme measures’: what trump 2.0 means for immigration, dhs







covering the supreme court: shattering a culture of secrecy







‘getting the truth out’: trump’s first term is roadmap for press in new administration







‘trump is nixon on stilts and steroids,’ says john dean





public health





                how to become a great health reporter            







cnn hero and local reporter: it comes down to trust







amplify community voices to tell stories of health inequity







what local reporters can learn from community health programs







dr. willie underwood: health care for the sum of us, not just some of us











            why npf matters        

the primary mission of the national press foundation is to increase journalists’ knowledge of complex issues in order to improve public understanding. the foundation recognizes and encourages excellence in journalism through its awards and programs.


read more








national pressfoundation

















about

about npf
staff & board
rent our studio
news


programs

widening the pipeline fellowship
paul miller washington fellowship
all fellows
sponsor us


awards

sponsor the awards dinner
2025 awards dinner
editor of the year
the feddie reporting award
dirksen award for reporting of congress
the wounded warrior project award
aarp award for journalism on aging
innovative storytelling award
hinrich foundation award
berryman cartoonist award
reporting on women in politics award


resources

beats
skills
training videos
newsletter


 








newsletter

email address  *




first name 


last name 





 














                            © 2025 national press foundation. all rights reserved
                        










upcomingawardsfellowships

“widening the pipeline” 2022-2023 fellowship paul miller washington reporting fellowship
resourcesabout

about npf staff & board rent our studio
donate



















