






greater prince george’s business roundtable




































































skip to content


















































menu 
home
community advisory council
news and events
roundtable leadership
board of directors
andrews business & community alliance
quality of life index
associate membership program
state of the schools
20th anniversary
contact us
 








 















working together  for a stronger prince george's county







 
welcome to the home of the greater prince george’s business roundtable,
the county’s voice for business.
























 2003 — 2023
 








celebrating 20 years and beyond as the voice for business in prince george's county



















the greater prince george’s business roundtable is a non-profit, nonpartisan business alliance of chief executives, formed to improve our political, economic and community environments for a better prince george’s county.











the greater prince george’s business roundtable (gpgbr) is a non-profit, nonpartisan business alliance of chief executives, formed to improve our political, economic and community environments for a better prince george’s county. gpgbr is led by a board of directors, composed of concerned and active business leaders from the county and region, whose companies employ nearly 60,000 people, helping to strengthen our county and the region.
because we believe that deeds, not words, will make this county the jewel of the region, we have undertaken many missions designed to enhance the quality of life of our residents.






the intersection of business and community














the members of the business roundtable and our special guests listen to maryland speaker of the house adrienne jones














from our community forums to our countywide town hall meetings on crime and education, and now, with the release of the brand new roundtable quality of life index, we continue to address the issues of most concern to the residents of the county.
this unique approach is one of the many reasons that the roundtable is separate from other business organizations. we believe that business is more than just adjusting overhead or the bottom line. we believe that by giving of our time, our expertise and our inherent sense of altruism, we will help to bring about a better home for all prince georgian’s.
with our visionframework, we have provided our citizens a voice and in doing so created the ultimate look at what the future of prince george’s county can become when we all work together with our future at stake. with our new quality of life index, we can now gauge the progress the county is making toward that bright future.
because we believe that deeds, not words, will make this county the jewel of the region, we have undertaken many missions designed to enhance the quality of life of our residents.
from our community forums to our countywide town hall meetings on crime and education, and now, with the release of the brand new roundtable quality of life index, we continue to address the issues of most concern to the residents of the county.




















celebrating 20 years and beyond as the voice for business in prince george's county








 






play video






















prince george's county quality of life index
the roundtable’s 2023 edition of the prince george’s quality of life index is here. it was unveiled during the greater prince george’s business roundtable’s 20th anniversary board meeting on may 11, 2023.








read the report


































associate membership program/ emerging entrepreneurs






imagine a chance to sit in with one of the region’s most respected business groups while getting the opportunity to be mentored by the award-winning membership of our board of directors. that is just the tip of the iceberg of our associate program, and there is so much more available. the associate member will be face to face with the most important leaders in our county, state and country as we examine the issues paramount to our region.








learn more










 
















contact us













call (301) 860-0809 














10201 martin luther king, jr. hwy, suite 220bowie, md 20720 











contact us















about us



the greater prince george’s business roundtable is a non-profit, nonpartisan business alliance of chief executives, formed to improve our political, economic and community environments for a better prince george’s county. 




















© 2023 greater prince george's business roundtable, inc.  all rights reserved.  ｜ privacy policy｜   made with love by rise shine creative.









 










