






bumble boosters project | pollinator education and conservation












skip to main content












facebook
  

      

	 

 
 


main menu
 bombicile project
queen quest
pollinator habitat program
p2p app
educational resources
support us
 
 
 
 








bumble boosters: pollinator education and conservation



	 




pollinators impact us every day. one third of the food we eat is derived from insect-pollinated plants. the most significant  of these pollinators are the bees. many of the fruits, vegetables, and nuts that we eat  result from bee pollination. indirectly, pollination by bees also affects many other foods.






bee-pollinated alfalfa and clover plants fuel the range-fed livestock industry that provides us with meat and dairy products. in addition to our food supply, bees pollinate flowering plants that beautify our landscape and provide food and shelter for wildlife.

	since 1999, bumble boosters has partnered with public and private organizations to encourage the conservation of bees and other invertebrate pollinators. the primary mission of bumble boosters is promoting the benefits of pollinators and public science literacy through engagement in authentic research with native pollinators. a unique aspect of bumble boosters programming is the use of innovative, research-based teaching methods and cutting-edge technologies.
recently, bumble boosters expanded its reach to promote pollinator conservation and education internationally, partnering with citizen scientists across the northern hemisphere. bumble boosters seeks to put the university of nebraska-lincoln at the forefront of innovative approaches to engaging international partners in pollinator education and conservation efforts.
bumble booster's mission is to improve public engagement in pollinator conservation and pk-adult science understanding through engagement in innovative and diverse pollinator education programs.
bumble boosters goals include:


		public engagement in pollinator conservation programs

		development of innovative, educational research supported pollinator conservation programming

		educational research focused on improving systems thinking and scientific literacy in pk-20 students and non-science professional adults

		development of scholarship in practical and effective use of emerging technologies to facilitate science learning

there are many ways to get involved in bumble boosters programming. search this site to learn more about current programs.
support bumble boosters!
 
 
read more about bumble boosters: pollinator education and conservation



 

 
 





 affiliated and core programming ->>>


user login
 
username *



password *


request new password


 
 


 bee corps

 


 




 



pollination 2 plate mobile app




 

 



 



           




unl department of entomology



 

 


        nice drupal theme by noodorg
       
 
 


