










home - national association of credit union supervisory and auditing committees
























































 
 


















skip to content














menu 
homeabout about nacusac associate members contact usmembersevents nacusac 2025 annual conferencejoinfree webinarsresourcesnacusac u






























 
















national association of credit union supervisory & auditing committees






learn how we can help you in your oversight role






join the only independent association dedicated exclusively to training and educating credit union supervisory/audit committees. annual membership covers your entire supervisory committee and audit staff.









interested in becoming a member?







join today!





















get connected












directory


free webinars 
 














calendar


events 
 














login


member center 
 














jobs


resources 
 

































the national association of credit union supervisory and auditing committees (nacusac) is a unique organization of, by and for credit union supervisory and audit committee members. since 1985, nacusac has been dedicated to helping committee members to be effective in their role of credit union oversight.







learn more





















nacusac's 2025 annual conference & expo   






whether you are involved in oversight, auditing, compliance or operations, you have an important role in ensuring the safety and soundness of your credit union. at nacusac’s 2025 annual conference & expo, you’ll get all the information and specialized training you need while exploring historic charleston! 







learn more
























mark your calendar












nacusac 2025 webinar series 
free for nacusac members!
cost-effective, convenient
online training


learn more


 




















annual conference & expo 
nacusac's 2025 annual event
june 18 - 21, 2025
charleston, south carolina


learn more


 




















nacusac university 
increase your knowledge & enhance your effectiveness as a supervisory committee member


learn more


 






































here's what nacusac members are saying
























"nacusac's select one program and webinars have been very helpful to our credit union. we also appreciate that nacusac dues are reasonable." 

"nacusac's training has been a great help to me and my committee in carrying out our responsibilities." 

"nacusac conferences provide an excellent learning experience and opportunity to network with my peers." 


















 












© 2025 national association of credit union supervisory and auditing committees
 | 
site by growthzone
























national association of credit union supervisory and auditing committees









address & map




po box 160, del mar, ca 92014 










phone




800-287-5949 










fax




858-792-3884 










contact us




nacusac@nacusac.org 













join todaycontact usmember loginfree webinars
















 © 2025 national association of credit union supervisory and auditing committees.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top

















