


charging rino






















    
	charging rino
	
  
a centrist voice in a period of extremism.



sunday, february 01, 2009



	 the rino in winter
    


i snapped this picture a few days ago, and then realized it would make the perfect accompaniment for this post, which i've been meaning to write for a while.as any of you who still stop by this blog occasionally have certainly noticed, the radio silence of late has been deafening. part of that stems from political burnout: during the post-election period i joined many others in taking a much-needed break from electoral obsession. that continues, to some degree, but that alone doesn't fully explain why i've stayed quiet. i'm also quite busy with other projects, and i also happen to think that the country is, for the first time since even before i began writing here, on the right track.president obama has created an administration of bright, talented managers who are beginning the process of getting the ship of state back on a steady course after a much-too-long detour. and i'm content, for the time being, to let them do that. there will be missteps, almost certainly, and there very well may be times when i decide to chime in and comment on specific issues of the day. i will do so as events warrant, continuing to cry foul when things go awry and, hopefully, to cheer when things go right. but i will not be devoting the same kind of time to those musings than i used to do, simply because there are not enough hours in the day.



posted by jbd @ 9:03 am  
      
         17 comments






thursday, november 20, 2008



	 see? daylight saving time is dumb
    


another nail in the coffin of daylight saving time in today's nytimes. sooner or later we'll get rid of this thing for good.and yes, my gripes about dst have now passed the three year mark.



posted by jbd @ 7:45 am  
      
         6 comments






wednesday, november 05, 2008



	 first thoughts
    


you'd have thought the red sox had won another world series, or new year's eve had come early through some strange fluke of the calendar. at 11 p.m. last night, i opened my apartment's windows to take in the sounds of firecrackers, car horns, cheering and whistling from around the neighborhood. local t.v. showed a crowd of people making their way into copley square and from there to christian science plaza, where many jumped into the reflecting pool and splashed around. but the happy throngs weren't just celebrating in boston. similar spontaneous public demonstrations sprang up in cities and towns not just across the country, but around the world, at all times of day and night.and they weren't just celebrating a sports win, or a calendrical anomaly. they were cheering an event that just a few short months ago seemed unlikely, if not impossible. barack obama's decisive win, cemented as it was by the votes of a remarkably broad and deep coalition of voters from every region of the country, was a victory not only for obama and his supporters, but for all the people of the world who understand that america can be, once again, a source of inspiration and positive leadership.over the course of the day yesterday, as i read some of the anecdotes that people were posting about their voting experiences - like this one - as i finally allowed myself to think that the polls might actually be right (they were, on average, very accurate this time), i knew things were looking good. but i also remember all too well the dashed euphoria of the last two presidential election nights, and i wasn't about to give my exuberance free rein. i knew i'd be twitchy for a while longer.last night was simply amazing; it's hard to even put it into words. i clapped and jumped around a bit when ohio was called, and then, knowing what that meant (that mccain's path to potential victory had narrowed to the point of nothingness), i sat and cried for a while as the impact of what we had been able to do began to sink in. there are moments in your life that even as you live them you know you'll remember forever. most of them, unfortunately, are bad moments. last night's was one of the rare good moments, and i will treasure it always.but, as obama likes to say, we have more work to do. in fact our work hasn't even started. we now - all of us, whether we supported obama before yesterday or not - must stand with him to change the country and change the world. he's not going to be able to do it himself; he'll need every single one of us at his back. i hope that unlike our current president he will ask for our help, and ask for it in meaningful ways. the way forward is not smooth, or easy, or painless. but we can get there, together.for now, let us just enjoy the moment awhile longer. it's been a long time coming, and boy does it feel good.



posted by jbd @ 1:49 pm  
      
         1 comments






monday, november 03, 2008



	 one day more
    


tomorrow's it, folks. it's all come down to this.now is our chance. now is the time when we can either turn the page on the last eight years and start a new chapter, or we can continue listening to the same old song.back in february when i made my endorsements in the primaries, i wrote that i would be happy with either mccain or obama in the white house (making clear that obama was my preference). i could no longer make that statement and mean it. the john mccain who's been on the campaign trail these last few months isn't the john mccain who got me excited about politics nine years ago. he's allowed this campaign to change him, and not for the better. on the other hand, barack obama has exhibited a steadfastness throughout the campaign which should serve to reassure anyone with lingering doubts about his preparedness to lead this country.while it's probably impolitic to apply a goldwater-esque slogan to a democratic candidate, i think it's fair to say that this election really does offer "a choice, not an echo."whatever candidate you support, i hope that you'll go vote tomorrow (if you haven't already done so). it's the least you can do.and now i'm going to go be a twitchy mess for the next day-plus-a-few-hours.



posted by jbd @ 2:00 pm  
      
         0 comments






friday, october 31, 2008



	 eagleburger: palin's unprepared
    


former secretary of state larry eagleburger (and a mccain supporter) was on npr's "talk of the nation" yesterday (audio here), and was asked about sarah palin's preparedness to be commander in chief.here's how glenn kessler of the washington post blogs his response (i agree with his characterization of eagleburger's answer):"'it is a very good question,' he said. he paused, and then added: 'i'm being facetious here. look, i don't think -- of course not.'i don't think at the moment she is prepared to take over the reins of the presidency,' he continued. 'i can name for you any number of other vice presidents who were not particularly up to it either. so the question, i think, is, can she learn and would she be tough enough under the circumstances if she were asked to become president, heaven forbid that that ever takes place?'give her some time in the office and i think the answer would be, she will be' -- eagleburger paused here, searching for the right word -- 'adequate. i can't say that she would be a genius in the job. but i think she would be enough to get us through a four year -- well, i hope not -- get us through whatever period.'" he added "and i devoutly hope that it would never be tested."mccain, asked about eagleburger's comments this morning on "gma," reportedly "smiled and chuckled," then said "i love larry eagleburger. larry has never had a chance to meet sarah."i haven't met her either, but i know she's unqualified too.



posted by jbd @ 10:38 am  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, october 28, 2008



	 today's recommended read
    


senator chuck hagel is one of the most sensible, thoughtful people left in today's republican party. connie bruck's profile of him in this week's new yorker is a must-read. his reservations with what john mccain has come to represent in this campaign are serious, deep, and well-considered; they should be enough to give anyone pause before casting their ballot next week (or today, if you live in one of those early-voting states).



posted by jbd @ 9:20 am  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, october 21, 2008



	 yes we can!
    


(from the boston pumpkin festival, 18 october 2008)



posted by jbd @ 7:41 am  
      
         0 comments












centrist coalition blogs

austin centrist
centerfield
donklephant
maverick views
the mighty middle
the moderate voice
moderate voters.org

other centrist blogs

ambivablog
the american moderate
the american moderate party
balloon juice
the big tent
bull moose
centerfeud
centrerion: canadian politics
coalition for darfur
coach's musings
common sense desk
dead armadillos
fairvote: the blog
greengop.org
in search of purple
kentucky democrat
a little left of centrist
michael totten
the middle of dc
mind of battles
modo blog
neomugwump
new donkey
political animal
political strategy
political wire
the russell record
staunch moderate
stygius
sunday morning talk
talkingpointsmemo
the reaction
thoughts of an american centrist
the view from down here
the washington note
war and piece
we the people
weekend pundit
wonkette

blog aggregators

blogometer (national journal)
daou report (salon)
technorati
the truth laid bear

news links

google news
abc news
cbs news
msnbc
cnn
fox news
c-span
drudge report
slate
new york times
washington post
los angeles times
christian science monitor
usa today
boston globe
washington times
bbc news
watching america

centrist/moderate sites

centrist coalition
democratic leadership council
independent nation
it's my party too!
partnership for a secure america
new america foundation
radical middle
republican main street partnership
republican majority for choice
republicans for choice
republicans for environmental protection

other blogs i like

(a)musings of a grad student
campaign for the american reader
librarything blog

blog directories

technorati
blog catalog
ttlb ecosystem
blogarama
etalkinghead

previous posts

the rino in winter
see? daylight saving time is dumb
first thoughts
one day more
eagleburger: palin's unprepared
today's recommended read
yes we can!
mccain loses hitchens
today's recommended read
enough, again

archives

march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
august 2007
october 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
may 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
february 2009








 















