




spirit of elijah ministries














































 
 





skip to content









home
ministry

retreats & conferences
homeschool groups
message descriptions
international opportunities
about us


resources

mp3
cd
books & ebooks
streaming video
jerry white jr.
ttd 24
free downloads


blog
schedule
donate




 














anchored in christ 
							facing life's trials with peace 
							 


looking up 
							faith at work in tough times 
							
 


equipping men 
							practical tools for life's issues 
							
 








introducing the spirit of elijah ministries





the spirit of elijah ministries mission is to build the kingdom of god and the local church by equipping men and their families to be disciples of the lord jesus christ. this mission is accomplished through speaking at men’s, family, and couples’ retreats, church conferences, homeschool conventions, as well as through audio and video resources and printed materials.
listen as norm wakefield explains how the purpose of this ministry is grounded in scripture – particularly malachi 4:6 and romans 1:16.





introducing the spirit of elijah ministries





the spirit of elijah ministries mission is to build the kingdom of god and the local church by equipping men and their families to be disciples of the lord jesus christ. this mission is accomplished through speaking at men’s, family, and couples’ retreats, church conferences, homeschool conventions, as well as through audio and video resources and printed materials.
listen as norm wakefield explains how the purpose of this ministry is grounded in scripture – particularly malachi 4:6 and romans 1:16.





















view our resources








marriage for god’s glory
$10.00
buy product 





matrimonio para la gloria de dios
$10.00
buy product 





equippando hombres: herramientas practicas para los retos de la vida
$15.00
buy product 





what’s a mom to do with teenage sons?
$4.00
buy product 





viviendo para amar libro y guia de estudio combinación
$0.00
buy product 





viviendo para amar libro
$0.00
buy product 





viviendo para amar guía de estudio (libro electrónico)
buy product 





viviendo para amar (libro electrónico)
buy product 







testimonies


thanks again for your ministry to all of us guys at the illinois camp, my sons and i were truly blessed by the weekend. i am excited to see god leading your ministry to focus on loving like/with jesus. i believe this message has the potential to impact the church greatly.
father/son camp attendeethree years ago at the teach them diligently conference in omaha, ne my son and i met you. at that time his dad had just left us and was living a very immoral lifestyle. you gave us two resources: teenagers 101 and equipping men. we have just finished those two and have been reaping rewards from the wisdom gleaned! we can not thank you enough!
single momi enjoyed listening to your talks at the chap convention. for me, you were the highlight and blessing of the entire weekend. i intended to get to other speakers but ended up skipping others to catch all of yours.
conference attendeei just would like to say how mr. wakefield has changed my life. (we know it’s the lord who does the changing 🙂 i thoroughly enjoyed the message that you gave us at the feast conference on how to build a foundation of faith. thanks so much for your ministry.
homeschool conference attendee  


our blogs


ministered to by angelstune in to the live to love scripture encouragement podcast by using one of the…read morehave you gone too far?tune in to the live to love scripture encouragement podcast by using one of the…read moregod, the great giver“praise god from whom all blessings flow. praise him all creatures here below. praise him…read morefor the glory of god﻿﻿   romans 11:36 “for from him and through him and to him are all things.…read morefreely you received, freely givematthew 10:7-8 “and as you go, preach, saying, ‘the kingdom of heaven is at hand.’ heal…read morethe darkness has not passed awayi have decided to make a change in my monthly blog program. i want to…read more












ministry events


view & book events 


donate now


donate 


follow us


facebooktwitteryoutubelinkedin




copyright spirit of elijah ministries 2025 - all rights reserved | designed and developed by gsdm agency





back to top









































