
















dermatology p.c. - dermatologists in des moines, ankeny and indianola, iowa : dermatology p.c.

















































 
















west des moines
ankeny
indianola




for appointment call  515.241.2000
 | patient portal
 | online payment

















homeaboutcenter of excellencelocations & hoursfrequently asked questionscareer opportunities closeprovidersroger i. ceilley, m.d.andrew k. bean, m.d.joshua b. wilson, m.d.rebecca l. rovner, m.d.physician assistant/nurse practitioner closeservicesmedical dermatologyacne and acne scarringactinic keratosispsoriasiseczemarosacea / rednesspatch testingphotodynamic therapy (pdt)cosmetic dermatologybotox, dysport, kybella injectionschemical peelsdermal fillerslaser treatmentsscar revisionsurgical dermatologymohs surgeryskin cancer screeningmoles closeonline paypatient portalpatient infopatient formspayment & insurancefrequently asked questions closecontact











 








 

 



world class dermatology care 

board-certified physicians in dermatology 







cosmetic skin care treatments 

healthy skin is always in style 







exceptional skin care 

for the whole family 







center of excellence in dermatology 

quality care and exceptional patient experience 



 

 

 







welcome to dermatology p.c.

dermatology p.c. is proud to offer a team of board certified dermatologists, nurse practitioners & physician assistants who are committed to maintaining and improving the health of their patients. all our physicians are highly trained and experienced in the practice of dermatology and take pride in staying abreast of the latest developments in dermatology, including the dynamically expanding field of cosmetic dermatology. when visiting any one of our providers, expect excellence in personalized care in a comfortable and welcoming environment.
today, with three convenient locations in the ankeny, indianola and west des moines, dermatology p.c. continues to expand the size and scope of its practice. together, our team of providers strives to meet the evolving needs of all our patients in a caring and compassionate way. call now to make an appointment.

learn more


















medical dermatology


diagnosis and treatment of disorders of the skin, hair, nails and mucous membranes.


more information















surgical dermatology


we offer surgical treatment of dermatologic disorders such as cysts, moles and skin cancers.


more information















cosmetic dermatology


microdermabrasion, chemical peels, ipl, dermal fillers, botox and sclerotherapy.


more information


















experience, expertise & excellence















roger i. ceilley, m.d.

dr. ceilley received his medical degree and dermatology residency training at the university of iowa. he is board-certified in dermatology and dermatopathology and is a fellow of the american college of mohs micrographic surgery and cutaneous oncology. he has served as president of the american academy of dermatology, president of the american society for dermatologic surgery, and is a diplomat of the american board of dermatology. he is the director of our training program in mohs surgery and dermatologic surgery.












andrew k. bean, m.d.

dr. bean is board-certified in dermatology. his medical degree was earned at the west virginia university school of medicine and his dermatology training was completed at wright state university school of medicine. he completed an 18-month fellowship in mohs micrographic surgery with dr. ceilley and became an associate of dermatology, p.c. in may 1993. dr. bean is a fellow of the american academy of dermatology.












joshua b. wilson, m.d.

dr. wilson is board-certified in dermatology. his medical degree was earned at the university of iowa where he also completed his training in dermatology. dr. wilson completed his mohs surgery fellowship with dermatology, p.c. under the training of dr.'s ceilley and bean. he is a member of the american academy of dermatology and other local and national associations.












rebecca l. rovner, m.d.

dr. rovner is board-certified in dermatology by the american board of dermatology.  she earned her medical degree at the university of iowa and completed her dermatology residency at the university of loyola-chicago.  she is a member of the american academy of dermatology and other local and national associations.  we welcome dr. rovner to dermatology, p.c. beginning in october 2016.













three convenient locations in central iowa





ankeny




mercy north medical building
800 east 1st street, suite 2900
                                                   ankeny, ia 50021




phone: (515) 963-9639
												   fax: (515) 964-4548







indianola




indianola specialty clinics
2006 north 4th street, suite 100
                                                indianola, ia 50125




phone: (515) 961-3880
                                                   fax: (515) 961-3889
*seeing patients 3-4 days/week. call to check availability.







west des moines




lakeview medical park
6000 university ave, 4th floor
                                                    west des moines, ia 50266




phone: (515) 241-2000
                                                    fax: (515) 241-2005














 




 




 




 




 




 


















dermatology p.c.
6000 university avenue
suite # 450
west des moines, ia 50266
phone: (515) 241-2000
fax: (515) 241-2005
map and directions

patient portal
online payment







patient resources

patient forms
office hours
frequently asked questions
insurance information
payment policy
teledermatology
amer. academy of dermatology






 services

medical dermatology
surgical dermatology
cosmetics dermatology
skin cancer screening
laser hair removal
botox/dysport injections
mohs surgery







questions?
for questions regarding billing or insurance at all locations please call (515) 241-2010. for all other inquiries or questions, please call 515-241-2000.connect with us















accessibility and nondiscrimination

notice of nondiscrimination
español
中文
tiếng việt
hrvatski
deutsch 
اللغة العربية
ລາວ 
한국어
हिंदी
français
pennsylvaanisch deitsch
ไทย
tagalog
undusdm
русский
नेपाली
አማርኛ
nasarare
afaan oromo
український
diné








back to top

© 2025 dermatology p.c. - all rights reserved. privacy statement | terms of use | hipaa privacy notice | website design by amplimark























