




internet privacy & computer cleaning software, popup stoppers, and other free utilities - south bay software













 




















				home   


 
				
				downloads   


 
				
				purchase   


 
				
				support   


 
				
				contact us























featured downloads

.:: clear internet history
.:: screensaver hot corners
.:: print directory listings
.:: autosizer

other

purchase software
free software
jeep forum

support

product support
customer service
suggest a feature
frequently asked questions
4runner forum
company information




featured downloads





supercleaner
clear internet history & computer cleaner
find garbage files that are wasting your disk space and slowing your pc
    down! erase your web surfing history with supercleaner's powerful internet 
    privacy features.












folderview
save & print directory listings
print or save the file list of any folder on your computer. include details 
    such as artist, song name, image width/height, and much more!












hot corners
screensaver activation & control
quickly activate or disable your screen saver just by moving the mouse 
    in the corner of your screen. great for office privacy!












autosizer
keep internet explorer maximized
autosizer automatically resizes any window you want, including web browsers, 
    notepad, etc. you can maximize them, or set specific dimensions.










noads
stop popup web ads popup stopper
noads stops internet popup ads from getting in your way. it is fully 
    configurable, and lets you to specify which ads you want to be destroyed 
    automatically.







< previous                                                                              
  next >


  
with all this in mind, it seems more than a bit odd that, according to a probing piece in the new york times, players do not protect those delicate, tender, highly sought after jewels. in the words of new york giants tight end martellus bennett: "in my life, at any level, i have never worn a cup. i don't know anyone who has. i think most guys like to hang out and be free." which makes bennett sound like kramer when he goes commando on seinfeld: the nfl guys are "out there. and they're loving every minute of it." nothing between teammates and opponents save for "a thin layer of gaberdine."

"anything that's happened over the last seven months really wasn't my job. this is what my job is, is to go out there and try to be a great leader for our team, to try to go out and execute the plays that are called and execute them at a high level. that's where my focus is," brady said.

so while you've given me a choice between two oakley outlet things, i don't think they're necessarily contrasting options. or at least i don't think the coaching staff views it that way. whoever they start this year will be the guy because fuente and offensive coordinatorbrad cornelsen think he'll help the 2017 team the most, regardless of age, regardless of cheap nhl jerseys what that might do for the 2018 team. so much can happen with quarterbacks, from injuries to lack of development to transfers, that thinking too far out can get you in trouble, and i think that's a reason this coaching staff lives very much in the moment.

jetzt dazn gratismonat sichern die hhepunkte aller begegnungen so kurz nach spielschluss sehen zu knnen, ist ei echter gewinn fr die fans. ob auf dem smartphone, tablet oder bequem auf der couch am big screen: die highlights der 15.30 spiele vom samstag gibt es zum beispiel knftig am 18 uhr. und das in hd qualitt.

the conference schedule is not only rigorous, in my opinion i think its the most rigorous it has ever been in this leagues history, he cheap nfl jerseys said. were deeper than weve ever been. weve got more good teams than weve ever had. i think its tougher to win the atlantic coast conference in football than it has ever been.

keep in touch with these contacts to find out about job openings and stay in touch with colleagues in your field. this contact network can be mobilized as references during job interviews and partners in creating multiteam development programs.tip study the history, rules and trends in your sport as you rise through the player development ranks. 

pretty awesome. we can believe it, said the coach. got the e mail maybe two weeks ago about the event. we were just bringing the kids here to have a fun, good day, with no real expectations. with the kids, first of cheap oakleys all getting to play on the same field in the same stadium as the cfl stars play.

"i was born in copenhagen just before world war ii and couldn't leave the country," erik said. "i believe it is important for danes to look at other people. we are such a little country. as a cultural exchange student. the cheap oakley sunglasses youth for understanding program assigned andersen to ben davis high in indianapolis, cheap nhl jerseys where he lived with jean and dale baker and their four children.

steelers vs new england patriots live nfl. watch nfl live: streaming options for nfl football games. you've visited this page 3 times. last visit: cheap jerseys china 9/1/15 nfl live streams reddit subscribeunsubscribe25,182 readers. 49 users here now. welcome to /r/nflstreams! this is a subreddit to help you find streams for every nfl game in one place. in the news image for the news result here's why people will pay $99 for old nfl games fortune 19 hours ago

was 10 pounds, 8 cheap nhl jerseys ounces, and they thought he might be diabetic because he was such a big baby, yolanda said. he was just a healthy baby. there was no fat on him anywhere. he already had a muscular frame he had muscles on his calves. his older brother sandy jr. said, was ripped when he came out of the womb. runs in the family. sandy sr. is a solid 6 foot 1, 285 pounds. sandy jr., once a powerful high school running back nicknamed truck, is working toward his certification as a personal trainer. yolanda says ledarius, the youngest of the three at age 19, more than holds his own in the weight room.

  



latest news





autosizer 1.7 now available








- added always on top quick menu (system tray)
- added autosize now menu option
- added option to make autosized windows always on top
- added more positioning control
- added support for maximizing to multiple monitors
- moved data file to application data foldermore info...








supercleaner 2.96 now available








- fixed issue with foreign characters in the favorites scanner
- fixed garbage finder issue on certain vista systems 
more info...








hot corners 2.6 now available








- fixed issues with windows vista
more info...








noads 2006.07.28 now available








- cleaned up code
- updated aol and internet explorer icons
- fixed display bug on win98
more info...






















© 2025 south bay software. all rights reserved. privacy policy








