








home | center for mouse genome modification































































skip to navigation
skip to uconn search
skip to content









uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                health                            





search university of connecticut

search uconn health







a to z index

uconn health a to z index



















center for mouse genome modification 


search this sitesearch in https://health.uconn.edu/mouse-genome-modification/>search 











toggle navigation





menu

center for mouse genome modification

skip to content

homeservices

services service request forms

fees

fees for mouse genomic modification projects fees for other services payment policy

protocols

bac dna for injection dna preparation for pcr product less than 500 bp ear punches, yolk sacs, tail dna for pcr embryonic stem cell dna extraction from 96 well plates hotshot method of dna preparation pcr genotyping for gene targeting f1 mice pcr screening for targeted stem cell colonies in 96 well plates tail dna extraction

publications using cmgm miceresources

mouse embryonic stem cells conditional knock-out/expression vectors inbred versus outbred strains genetic stability of inbred mice congenic mouse strains reference books gene targeting related publications

useful linkscontact us

meet our team contact us

 

search this sitesearch in https://health.uconn.edu/mouse-genome-modification/>search 






 






















the center for mouse genome modification (cmgm) at uconn health provides design and generation of genetically modified mice and other services.


recombinant adeno-associated viruses (raav) 
posted on march 12, 2024march 14, 2024 by deborah m kaback 



the center for mouse genome modification (cmgm) is now offering genome editing services using recombinant adeno-associated viruses (raav).
aav (adeno-associated virus), which is a single-stranded dna (ssdna) virus, can effectively penetrate the zona pellucida and infect one-cell embryos. recombinant aav (raav) contains the sequence of interest together with 5’- and 3’-homology arms for crispr-mediated gene editing in the mouse genome. to this end, we infect one-cell embryos with raav followed by electroporation of with cas9/sgrna ribonucleoprotein (rnp) for subsequent genome modification in the mouse. the advantage of this approach is that raav infection is faster and less laborious than traditional pronuclear microinjection to transduce ssdna template into mouse embryos. furthermore, ssdna template in the form of raav genome is a more efficient template for homology-directed repair as compared to double-stranded dna. this approach significantly increases the efficiency to generate novel mouse models containing the sequence of interest.







piggy bac mediated transgenesis 
posted on february 2, 2022march 14, 2024 by deborah m kaback 


new services
piggy bac mediated transgenesis offers many advantages over traditional transgenics. it has a large cargo capacity (up to 200 kb) allowing insertion of large promoters and regulatory elements. the insertion is footprint free and does not leave behind vector sequences. the transgene is also inserted in the host genome in a precise manner as a single copy without any chromosomal rearrangement or deletion (chromothripsis) and therefore offers reliable and consistent transgene expression.
 
in the piggy bac approach, the donor template includes the transgene of interest flanked by inverted terminal repeat (itr) sequences. the donor template is microinjected into 1-cell embryos along with mrna encoding the transposase, which integrates the transgene into the host genome through a “cut and paste” mechanism.
 
the cmgm has generated several novel mouse models using this approach including cell specific ablation and conditional rescue humanized mouse models.
piggybac





 


 










 



uconn health home


contact us


uconn home


web disclaimers and copyright


non-discrimination


notice of privacy practices


©2025 uconn health


webmaster login




























