







gis applied research projects at fleming college























toggle navigation




 gis applied research





about


projects


scope


submit


fees








 






applied research collaborative project
a client's guide to fleming gis applied research projects



 fleming gis


 linkedin

















what are collaborative research projects?
this classroom-based unpaid team project 
                    helps students apply their 10 months of study to promote the research, development, testing, 
                    and analyzing of real world information for you. 
					our revamped programs for september 2024:
gis for analytics - program suspended
spatial data analytics - program suspended
students from the post-grad programs work in groups of 3 and are advised 
                    by an experienced faculty member. throughout the process they will maintain contact with you, accept feedback, 
                    meet your project deadlines, manage the production of deliverables to industry standards, 
                    and formally present their results, solutions and findings back to you. the group must
                    present to a faculty committee for grading and approval. students are compensated by marks as this forms part of their program requirements.



information on our last public open house: june 21st 2024 11-2ponline and at frost campus!
                    













example projects and reports
our projects are spatial-data focused solutions. below are completed student final reports from past years.
port hope wastewater system digital location and hydrological modelling  view report
prince edward county mobile collection tool development for water department workers
					 view report
algonquin provincial park spatial data management and visualization
					 view report
city of peterborough rooftop solar potential analysis
					 view report

we try our best to assign all projects to students, but occasionally there are more projects than student groups available.





explore more

open the past project map browser.
visit  the preview for the upcoming and last 2024 open house .
use this form to submit a project proposal before dec 1 for consideration next year. - the college has suspended the old and planned new program, june 2024 is our last graduating class. 












project scope
projects can be quite large, start work in march and are completed by june of each year. 
                    working on-campus, students in groups of 3 plan your project in march and april.
					for may and june, students work 4 days per week on your project. this is about 100 hours of planning and 500 hours of working on your project! to have your project selected, it is important to make it interesting, challenging, and (ideally) results that can be shared publicly.
for a project to meet academic requirements, it must have at least 4 of these 6 items: 
data acquisition and/or preprocessing
automation and customization programming
database design and/or processing
spatial/statistical analysis
cartographic presentation or visualization
enterprise technology

throughout the project duration 
                    students communicate with you (we recommend at least one meeting per week), with oversight by 
                    academic and professional industry advisers. 
					your project should be submitted by end of november to have students to select their projects in early january.









submit your project ideas
our 20+ years of clients have included companies, ngo's, federal, provincial and municipal governments, with people that may or may not 
                    have the technical experience to complete the project themselves. we provide the newly educated experts and an experienced advisor, for free!
                    all we ask is to be responsive to the groups for data, requirements, weekly meetings and answering questions in the april through june period.
					
each year projects are to be submitted by early december, with the bulk of the work being performed in may and june. projects are 
					demonstrated by students at our public open house, scheduled for june of each year.
have a project? submit it here before december 1st to have it considered for the next student cohort.

                    public open house: you are invited june 21st 2024 at the frost campus for our program's final open house!
                    











thank you for helping!
a tax-deductible donation per completed project is encouraged (but not required) to help innovate and improve the program. make donations directly to the gis programs collaborative project fund to support the program, future projects and our students.




https://flemingcollege.ca/giving-to-fleming/donate











see you at the final public open house june 21st 2024!


fleming gis benefits our community through applied research













about

⋅

projects

⋅

scope

⋅

submit


 












