





cibola vista resort & spa – official site – welcome to cibola vista resort and spa
















































skip to content














 homeaccommodations floor plansreservationsfood & beverageamenitiesactivitiesthe spaabout about cibola vistabluegreen vacationsproperty mapphoto gallerynewscontact 











loading...







welcome to cibola vista 



resort & spa
learn more 














welcome to cibola vista resort and spaadmin2021-01-12t11:31:41+00:00 


located in the northwest corner of the valley of the sun, cibola vista resort and spa is an inviting oasis offering two distinct vacation experiences — the relaxation of a spa getaway and the excitement of a southwest adventure.
designed to let you relax and unwind in rustic elegance, villas are spacious, generously appointed, and made for comfort. stroll courtyards with gardens, fountains, kivas, and reflecting pools, all connected by walkways ideal for easy starlight strolls.




enjoy an afternoon by the resort’s two pools, one for families and a second for adults. the larger family pool includes a three-story, coiled water slide as well as an oversized community hot tub.




whether you’d like to golf, take advantage of the exciting riding program, enjoy watersports on beautiful lake pleasant, or tour the city of phoenix, cibola vista offers an ideal vacation experience for you and your family.
the beauty of cibola vista’s surroundings is incorporated into every detail brought together for one purpose; to offer our guests a wonderful, enriching and comfortable vacation.




accommodations
view rooms



amenities
learn more



spa
learn more



activities
learn more





 
 






© copyright 2016 -  cibola vista resort & spa. all rights reserved
27501 n. lake pleasant parkway; peoria, arizona 85383


disclaimer | news & announcements | sitemap
this website is provided and maintained by bluegreen vacations unlimited, inc. and/or its affiliates. resort developer cibola vista resort & spa, llc is not responsible for any representations, explicit or implied, contained herein. 


facebooktwitterinstagram
 
 
 
 
 







































































































































