

caribbean rental villas, st. croix villa, us virgin islands villas


























 




caribbean rental villas 
					and condos in st. croix
these st. 
					croix villa and condo rentals, located in the u.s. virgin 
					islands, are "america's paradise" in the caribbean.
in 
					a recent issue of caribbean travel & life magazine, the u.s. virgin 
					islands were voted the "best all-around destination" in their 
					"best of the caribbean" reader's poll!  if you are looking 
					for caribbean villas, look below for current 
					specials and our online reservation page!


***** 
					u.s. citizens do not need a passport to travel to / from 
					st. croix!!! *****
 







2 bedroom, 2 
					bath - beachfront condo



					click on a picture above to go to
					caribbean breeze's website. 


caribbean breeze 
					at gentle winds, is a wonderful beachfront condo rental located 
					right on a beautiful white sand beach with great swimming and 
					snorkeling. gentle winds is an exclusive waterfront community 
					and our unit in located in the coveted "i" building. you can 
					relax on a beach chair or lounge chair under the shade of a 
					palm tree or a palm covered palapas or just soak in the warm 
					caribbean sun! when you have had your fill of the sandy beach, 
					you can step right from the sand to the large and inviting fresh 
					water pool. be sure to have your favorite tropical drink or 
					some great food from the beach shack bar and grill located poolside. 
					how about a game of ping-pong in the pool side clubhouse! 
our 
					unit, which we call caribbean breeze, is a beachfront, two bedroom, 
					two bath retreat with spectacular beach and ocean views. there 
					is a queen sleeper sofa in the entry foyer for additional accommodations, 
					so the unit will sleep up to 6 guests very comfortably. the 
					condominium has central a/c and a screened patio for those wonderful 
					ocean views. you will be just 
					steps from a beautiful white sand beach, with a sandy bottomed 
					area for swimming,  great snorkeling on the reef, along 
					with a large free-form fresh water pool surrounded by coconut 
					palms. give us a call for availability and rates. please visit 
					our caribbean breeze website by clicking
					
					here.










4 bedroom, 3 bath 
					- oceanfront villa




click on a 
					picture above to go to
					villa dawn's detailed website.


villa dawn is a 
					spectacular 4 bedroom, 3 bath vacation / holiday rental villa 
					located oceanfront on the lush north shore of st. croix, us 
					virgin islands, this caribbean villa rental will accommodate 
					up to 12 guests. it is only steps from the soft white sands 
					of cane bay beach and five waterfront restaurants. in fact, 
					villa dawn is the closest house to beautiful cane bay beach.

the views from inside 
					the villa, from the front veranda and the pool deck of this 
					fabulous vacation home, are truly spectacular! the large pool 
					has four barstools in the water where you can sit and enjoy 
					the view or a breathtaking sunset. it also has a lighted fountain 
					that flows into the pool. villa dawn has central air conditioning 
					and is outfitted with lovely tropical furnishings and every 
					other  conceivable amenity. 

there is world class 
					scuba diving at the "cane bay wall", located right in front 
					of villa dawn, and a championship golf course is just 
					a 10 minute drive from this spectacular caribbean vacation home. 
					our caretaker of the property lives nearby and is available 
					24/7 for any and all of your needs. at villa dawn you are in 
					paradise! please visit the
					villa dawn 
					website for
					
					guests comments, more photos, st. croix pictures  and 
					detailed information.









it 
					is easy to get to st. croix from the us mainland and you will 
					enjoy all the comforts and security of home, along with all 
					of the wonderful things you expect from a caribbean island. 
					st. croix offers all the charm of the warm caribbean culture, 
					the powdery white sand beaches, the soft warm breezes, the lush 
					green hills and water so brilliantly aquamarine that you won't 
					believe it's real! you will also find an island that has not 
					been overrun by commercial tourism like so many other caribbean 
					destinations, including st. thomas. a st. croix, usvi villa 
					rental or condo rental is an ideal choice for your caribbean 
					vacation holiday! caribbean villas and condos are the accommodation 
					of choice for the most discriminating of travelers from across 
					the globe!
we offer complimentary
					
high speed 
					internet wi-fi!
check our 
						caribbean villas and condos availability 


						here



***special discounts***



						click here 
						for discounts from 25% to 50% off our regular rates!
click 
						the button below to book your stay online using our secure 
						server.
						to avoid losing your desired dates...book online now!





for more information 
						for us citizens traveling to and from the us and it's territories 
						visit the transportation security administration website 
						by clicking the logo above.

 
for 
					more information visit the website for each property, call us 
					or click on the bottle to email us:




kent and dawn vreeland (owners)

1-303-888-7288 (kent) or 1-303-888-6899 (dawn)
					aurora, co 80015, mountain time zone

villa dawn & caribbean breeze
proud to 
					be members of the











			pictures

rates


			check availability


			special rates

amenities


			guest comments


			st. croix info


st. croix pictures


airfare discounts


why a villa rental?


faq's


			about us


			site map

click bottle for




email













website 
						design and maintenance by kvdv marketing©

all rights 
						reserved. 2000-2017
						all website contents including pictures are the property 
						of the owners
						and may not be used for any other purpose without express 
						written permission by the owners of this website.

if you see any 
						errors, bad links or any information that is out of date 
						or incorrect please
						contact
						

						our webmaster. 
 thank 
						you!










