




home | healthsmart









































































 


contact us




find a provider






back


contact us




back


find a provider




























smart alternatives
solutions to reduce healthcare costs and improve care while treating members with dignity and respect.














 


network

claims inquiries, provider lookup, appeals and other tools for healthsmart network clients, including health plans and tpas.










 


member

find a provider
 
access my medical, dental, or vision claims










 


employer

solutions for hr executives, plan sponsors and benefit administrators, plus access to employer services.










 


provider

network providers only access claim status
access patient medical, dental or vision eligibility & claims













flexible, affordable network solutions
healthsmart network solutions is dedicated to providing plan administrators and sponsors with a suite of flexible services tailored to their specific challenges. clients have options that are flexible and scalable, ensuring they offer top-notch access and quality to their members while maintaining excellent value. healthsmart’s network providers are directly contracted with us and credentialed by our team. these networks offer nationwide healthcare coverage, accredited providers, streamlined administration, cutting-edge healthcare management, transparency, and an unwavering commitment to customer satisfaction. with a net promoter score of 50, our dedication to unparalleled service sets us apart in the market. learn more!







learn more! ➝








































1311 w president george bush highway
 suite 100
 richardson, tx 75080


















helpful links



                    terms of use
                



                    privacy policy
                



                    gdpr notice
                



                    hipaa information
                














© copyright 2025 healthsmart. all rights reserved.





















