




pine canyon scale models









 scale model structures 
and parts
pine canyon scale models


home
about us
order - 
contact us 
news
our s-scale dealers
s-scale kits
s-scale parts
o-scale kits
o-scale parts
glues
driftwood stain
 see how 
easy it is to build a pine canyon kit.
customer photos
diorama 
clinic
favorite links

 

december 2013 update
latest news: 
we are sorry but due to demand we are almost out of stock of kits - only kit 
#403s (back alley 2 (full kit)) and kit #602s (canyon county firehouse - station 
2) remain in stock direct with us. we recommend you contact our dealers
port lines hobby supplies &
hoquat hobbies for other kit 
availability. we plan to be re-stocked in time for the railroad hobby show in w. 
springfield, ma at the end of january 2014. 
see us at the railroad hobby show, january 25-26, 2014
we will be in attendance at the 
railroad hobby show at the big e in west springfield, ma on january 25-26, 
2014. look for us in our usual location. 
new web site!
our long promised new web site with full shopping cart functionality is 
almost complete and will go live in january. watch for it!
reminder: shipping rate change
effective september 8, 2012 pine canyon scale models raised the standard 
shipping charge for usa shipments as follows:

single kit - $7.50
two or more kits shipped at the same time, on the same order: $10.00

please be sure you are using the
current order 
form. all usa shipments will continue to be via usps priority mail. international 
shipments (to locations outside the usa) will continue to be shipped via usps 
and custom quoted at time of shipment based on then current rates. this raise on 
usa shipping is a result of needing to better align our shipping costs with the 
prices charged by the usps.
 if you are interested in other of our s scale kits or parts, or our o scale 
products, please send us an email with your interest. although we are not taking 
orders or reservations for those yet, we will keep your email on file and 
contact you as soon as the indicated item(s) are available. we are using emails 
and other inquiries to help us prioritize the return of all our kits and parts 
into production. thank you for your patience.
we take pride in offering the finest and most 
affordable model structure kits available.  each structure is truly an american classic 
that captures the essence of the way things used to be and in some cases, still 
are.   you can use either  
 www.pinecanyonscalemodels.com or www.pinecanyonmodels.com
to reach this website.
we hope you enjoy your visit.  please click on the images or navigation links for 
more details.
   1/64
 
scale structure kits  s-scale
  
 1/48 scale gas station kit 
o-scale
 

if you collect die-cast cars, such as hot wheels 100%, racing champions, johnny lightening and code 3 
fire trucks, you must check our 1/64, s-scale structures.  many collectors around the world are building 
dioramas such as our route 66 scene to 
display their collections.

 

 

 



products on this site
© 2001-2010 pine canyon scale models.  all rights reserved.

 

