














southside athletic | burnsville, minnesota




































































(651) 895-9096
11925 12th ave s, burnsville, mn 55337
open 24/7/365






 








home
about southside
membership
events
relentless
contact
 









where things 
							the twin cities gym for the hardcore. 
							schedule a tour 
							get heavy. 
							 




 

at southside, strength meets heart.


we’re a tight-knit tribe at southside and we take pride in that. it’s what makes working out fun and enjoyable. we know every member by name and are involved in their growth, no matter what level. we welcome anyone serious about improving themselves and having a good time with others that enjoy the same. learn what we’re all about, then schedule a tour with us.


about southsideour facilitiesfrom cardio to powerlifting.treadmillsstationary bikesstrength training machinesdumbbells up to 150#specialty barbellskettle bellsbandschainsropestires3500 s.f. of turfolympic platformsstrongman equipmentplyoboxesprowlerscompetition benchesdeadlift platformsmonoliftsreverse hyperbelt squatmembershipopen 24/7/365.our secure facility utilizes an electronic entry system and video surveillance, allowing us to be open during unstaffed hours.$50monthlyall accessunlimited visits
all access to full gym & equipment
month-to-month or annual contract$15per dayday passgym access for one day
all access to full gym & equipment
no obligationsouthside proudly offers special pricing for those that serve our country—active & retired, as well as couples and families.all memberships require a one-time $20 fee for our key fob-based entry system.full details10.6.20182018 upa fall classicdayshoursminutessecondsevent detailsintroducingthe southside team 


joel krings
ownerhead trainer
more 

 


jared bozich
ownerhead trainer
more 

 


alicia schuelke
trainer
more 

 
great gym, great people. power lifters have a home in the twin cities. lots of racks, weights and a couple of mono lifts. boards, bands, chalk and chains are not just welcome, they're supplied. friendly pricing, too.
jovan m, blairsville, ga

 
the atmosphere is my favorite part about this gym. everybody is working hard yet all willing to give advice and help you reach your goals. the staff does an amazing job at creating a very welcoming environment for all.
mitchell b, saint paul, mn

 
visiting from out of town and needed a place to work out... this gym is honestly one of the best gyms i've worked out at! the gym caters to powerlifters, strongmen, and fitness enthusiasts... check this place out!!
alex d, san jose, ca

 
i found it—the (near) perfect gym.  as i travel around the world and country, this is the type of gym i pray i stumble upon.  a gym i am honored to provide with my patronage.  this is the gym for the serious athlete. a 5 star gym, hands down.
jp, belmont, ca









southside athletic is a proud partner of the relentless and hope kids organizations, hosting an annual powerlifting fund-raiser. our 2016 event raised $215k to restore hope and transform the lives of children with life-threatening medical conditions and their families.


about relentlesscome check out southside!schedule a tourget directions
   
  
 



 



open 24/7/365we are accepting new memberships, but by appointment only. please schedule a tour or call us to schedule a time to meet at the gym.(651) 895-909611925 12th ave s burnsville, mn 55337

 
 
 
 



 © southside athletic.



 
 



xwe are accepting new memberships at this time, but by appointment only. please email us at info@southsideathletic.com to schedule a time to tour our facility and learn more about membership.
we are currently operating 24/7 and masks are no longer required.









