





home












history
rucker
the px aircraft
maps
honor roll
roster
photos
stories
links
military awards
aamf brick applications(last webpage update august 1, 2024)








 
celebrating the 50th anniversary of the 61st a.h.c. and detachments
	dedicated to the 61st ahc, 616th transportation, 922nd signal, 193rd medical detachments, 364th aviation support detachment (atc), and our aviators and crews whose lives were lost for our country and allied forces. now more additions to roster
- - - news update - - -
* * 2024 annual corn field reunion update * *
 ! ! huey helicopter rides may be provided by pilot frank brisker ! !  (weather permitting)  


the 2024 iowa corn field reunion is scheduled for 5 thru 8 september 2024! first meeting begins at 17:00 on september 5, 2024 at the ice house, clarinda, ia. we are planning to have huey rides available (looking promising)for those who are interested (weather permitting). 
contact mike zogleman at (712)-310-4151 or email to "mikezogleman@gmail.com" for more information and reservations. better yet, call deb elliott at (316)371-1449 or email to "delliott7777@gmail.com" 

join the 61st group for the kansas city royals game on sunday, september 8. the game starts at 1:10 pm. the royals have been contacted for meeting with players on game and a tour of the kaufman stadium on monday, the 9th. you can reserve attendance by contacting gordon wax at email "starblazer61ahc@gmail.com"

- - - - - - - - - - - - -
the 61st post exchange lucky star, starblazer, a company, 1st and 61st patches and 61st coffee cups are available.
the px
- - - - - - - - - - - - -
* * "lucky star" call-sign over alabama * *
former 61st ahc soldiers are very proud the "lucky star" radio call-sign is now heard over fort novosel (formerly ft. rucker) air space!
the a company unit patch features the 61st service years, yellow star, lucky in script, and dice showing 6 & 1. 

a company, 1st aviation battalion, 212th aviation regiment now uses the "lucky star" radio call sign and unit crest after being presented with a letter of transfer at a 14 december 2018 ceremony in the army aviation history museum. the transfer letter, addressed to the alpha comany commander and staff, was signed by former 61st company commanders ltg ellis parker, fa,(deceased 26 march 2020), and mg lou hennies, in, and col emmett johnson, sc, each us army retired. 

a (alpha) company instructors and staff provide advanced training in the black hawk helicopter for all us army & allied countries uh-60 pilots. the radio call sign "lucky star" is used by the pilots during the uh-60 advanced training. ft novosel (formerly ft. rucker) is the home of the us army aviation center of excellence.

the 61st had several notable company commanders during its activation. ltg parker, sometime called the "godfather of the army aviation branch", was instrumental in forming the aviation branch after the vietnam war. army aviation became a separate branch on 12 april 1983. he was the first and longest serving aviation branch chief with more than five years in that role.  general parker is inducted into the army artillery and aviation halls of fame. mg hennies help to establish the 160th special operations regiment and is inducted into the army aviation hall of fame. after retiring from the army, col johnson served as the dean of auburn university aviation school.
- - - - - - - - - - - - -
61st kia tribute & name list for our brothers who died in service project - open 2017-24 or until completeda tribute brick array will cap the 1st aviation brigade array and be surrounded by 61stindividual bricks. this also is a great way to support army aviation museum foundation (aamf) and give a lasting memory of those who died in service with the 61st ahc.  see contact information below for more information.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -
61st border bricks 2017-24 ordering readythe aamf will leave about three rows of bricks around the 61st aviation dedication or re-set bricks for us through the end of 2024.  the 61st set an example for other units who have followed with their brick groupings. this is a good way to support the aamf with your brick order. please print the order form found below to reserve your brick placement in our grouping.  a "buddy-up" brick can accomodate 2-3 names sharing one brick.  the cost is $50 and $75 shared with your buddy.  see contact below to arrange your buddy-up brick with gordon.

 this is a beautiful and lasting entry to the army aviation museum.

"61st a.h.c. border bricks application









* * new book on amazon! * *

the amazing adventures of captain embers & chief [warrant office] zogleman whop!whop!whop!
 by ken embers | january 30, 2023

what's it take to be a vietnam helicopter pilot and what happens when vietnam veteran combat helicopter pilots return to vietnam? a "feel good" story about the vietnam war and a unique perspective on that experience.

ken ember's book is available at amazon for $14.95. it is a paperback with 156 pages.



projects bong son 2017

the bong son lucky star library learning center received and installed ten computers and a large screen monitor supplied by 61st donors.  the equipment with five year maintenance contract was well received after a several year wait. the bong son library project had received a $450 check from the 61st assault helicopter company august 2016 fund drive. it was presented to chuck theusch at the 61st a.h.c. cornfield reunion in late september, 2016. 


the lucky star library is just over a four thousand square foot structure.  the computers were installed in a large activities room dedicated to computer and video training applications.


during july 2017 ken embers traveled to korea and vietnam where he presented english training classes to teachers and students.  the "embers's bong son revisited report" is now exclusively available here (see link below).  this is a wonderful report of american g.i.s returning to the battleground with a mission of peace.  the lucky star library is prositively affecting the many lives of teachers and students in bong son area. 

"the 2017 embers's report"
 if you would like to support this effort, mail contributions to mr. ken embers at 733 galaxy drive, manhattan, ks  66502.  please make checks payable to "lovp bong son"  the lovp/cli is a non-profit organization so donations are tax deductible.
new online contributions! contributions can now be made using credit/debit cards:  copy this address into your browser -  "http://www.childrenslibraryinternational.org/our-work/libraries-and-learning-centers/library-of-vietnam-projects/" 
 
this website is the only site providing information about this project.


the bong son 61st ahc lucky stars library learning center

thanks! updated contributor list to the lucky stars library learning center


we have joined forces withchildrens library international
library of vietnam project


			below is a map of the 2011 missions of the children's library international.



the fort rucker 2016 veterans day
the 1st aviation brigade's vietnam war memorial brick array was dedicated by about forty 61stveterans, family and friends. a resounding applause was heard when commanding general william gayler announced our group at the start of the ceremony!








home |
			links |
			privay/conduct notices |
			contact |
	
visitors since 11/25/12:







		website provided by wall-ties and forms, inc.manufacturer of aluminum concrete formwork 
		and a partner in the childrens library international project.
		






