





lefiell company- kill floor equipment - beef, pork and small animal












































 

 




skip to content


















  


search for:








contact usabout uskill floor kill floor beefkill floor porkkill floor small animaloverhead conveyorrail systemspartsswitches






search for:




















homelefiell2021-12-08t18:05:48+00:00

services
plant/line layout
equipment specification
facility design
cad drafting
beam sizing
custom equipment design
custom manufacturing
engineering certification
catalogs & manuals
switch manual
beef equipment
pork equipment
overhead conveyor
project questionnaires
slaughter line
boning/fabrication line
mobile slaughter
belt conveyor
harvest cooler rail systems
further processing cooler rail systems
packing house & further  processing solutions

we build a full line of kill floor equipment for beef, pork and small animals.  we also design and build every piece of equipment and component for your overhead rail/conveyor system.  with our partner company, nu-clean llc, we also offer the industry’s best custom-engineered sanitary belt conveyors and conveying systems.
experience & innovation

at lefiell we are proud of our meat industry heritage and long list of industry firsts–the original pre-fabricated track switch, invention of the walking beam, development and introduction of high voltage electrical stimulation.  just a few examples of how lefiell has increased efficiency and quality in today’s operations.
from high speed to the local meat locker

no project is too large or too small for the experts at lefiell company.  whether you need a small rail system for your butcher shop, a full line layout or equipment for a world-class facility, lefiell designs and builds what your operation requires.
customer focused–customer driven

these words best describe everything we do at lefiell company.  we understand that we only exist to fulfill the needs of our customers.  when zero downtime is your goal–our goal is to provide the equipment and service you need, when you need it.
our capabilities



with lefiell company you will have the confidence knowing a highly-skilled and experienced team is working on your project.  members of our design team have decades of industry experience under their belts.  from kill floors, to our specialty–overhead rails, conveying systems and coolers–lefiell can take your project from concept to autocad layout to budget pricing.
when it comes to manufacturing, lefiell again has all the capabilities necessary to produce the finest, most durable equipment.  the average tenure of our key shop floor employees is more than 15 years.  our equipment includes everything necessary for in-house metal forming, fabrication, cutting, shearing, forging and machining.





over 100 years of manufacturing excellence





when a company lasts for over 100 years, there’s usually a good reason for it.  at lefiell company the only industries we have ever served are meat packing and meat processing.  with this sole purpose in mind, and the many decades we have spent in plants, it is easy to see why lefiell has and continues to build the industry’s most efficient and long-lasting equipment.  quality and durability, proven in the world’s most demanding plants and applications.  for all your overhead rail and conveyor needs as well as on your kill floor, rely on lefiell to keep things moving and maintenance costs to a minimum.








close product quick view×


title
















 
 













 
 
 





		copyright 2012 - 2021 | lefiell company > | all rights reserved | powered by maverick 


facebooktwitterinstagrampinterest
 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link

 

















go to top




