








the art spot in danbury | kid and adult art classes






















































 












skip to content



203-791-8244
theartspotschool@gmail.com
toggle navigationclasses/campfor kidsfor adultssummer art camptry itstry it workshop – kidstry it workshop – adultsart partiesabout uscontactschools/collaborative community public artgallerytoggle navigationclasses/campfor kidsfor adultssummer art camptry itstry it workshop – kidstry it workshop – adultsart partiesabout uscontactschools/collaborative community public artgallery
 
















































homethe art spot2025-01-20t20:08:44+00:00 
adult and children’s art classes in danbury, cteverything an aspiring artist needs in a fine arts school, for children and adults. explore or hone your art skills in a supportive, creative, and educational environment.
from owners joanne and bruce hunter – we are so fortunate to do what we love, bringing art into people’s everyday lives.
from kids’ and adult classes to corporate team building to designing and fabricating collaborative public art mosaic murals, the art spot is a busy studio.
download winter/spring scheduledownload summer camp scheduleour programschildren art classesengage your child with hands-on art classes that foster creativity.
read moreadult art classeslearn watercolor, pastels, oils, drawing, and more in our adult art classes.
read moresummer art campsenjoy a summer full of art and fun at our summer art camp.
read moreart partiescelebrate birthdays and special occasions with our unique art parties.
read moredownload winter/spring schedulepublic art installationsexplore the impact of our public art installations throughout danbury and beyond, including mosaics and murals by joanne and bruce hunter.
see more projectsart in schoolsthis program offers quality enrichment programming for schools that is hands-on, educational, and incorporates history and art techniques. it is designed to be engaging and a lot of fun for students.
see more projectsexplore our art galleryview our programs gallerywhat people are saying



 
 
programsadult classeskids classessummer art camptry it workshops for adultstry it workshops for kidscorporate team buildingschool/community public art
contact info88 sugar hollow road,danbury, connecticut, 06810
located on route 7 on the border of ridgefield and danbury
203-791-8244
theartspotschool@gmail.com
copyright©2025 |   the art spot     |   all rights reserved   |   a website designed by ridgefield ct website design


 
 
page load link

 


















go to top




