









workplace violence prevention - avade® training



























































































 













 
 










1.866.773.7763


sign in

0 items
 












about us

client reviews


training

workplace violence prevention
de-escalation
active shooter
home health care
behavioral health
defensive tactics system™
healthcare defensive tactics system™
handcuffing tactics™
defense baton™
pepper spray defense™
safety incident reporting system™
safety oriented customer service®
e-learning courses
training options
demo videos


products

student guides
digital student guides
personal safety books
e-learning courses
apparel & accessories


contact us
instructor training dates
 


select page


  
 
 
















creating a culture of safety
the nation’s leader in workplace violence prevention
education ^ prevention ^ mitigation
on-site training request














mission
our mission is to provide training and education aimed at preventing and reducing the risk of violence towards individuals in the workplace.








vision
our vision is to assist organizations in cultivating a culture of safety where workplace violence is not a necessary component of the job.








philosophy
preventing conflict, violence, and aggression through clear communication and de-escalation techniques to address potential conflicts early and prevent escalation.









creating a culture of safety for you and your workplace.
avade® training is designed to educate, prevent, and mitigate the risk of violence to individuals in the workplace.










healthcare agencies
healthcare workplace incidents may be unavoidable, but becoming a victim doesn’t have to be! through comprehensive awareness training, healthcare staff can become prepared, responsible, and capable of effectively handling challenging situations.

learn more >








security | public safety
ensuring the safety of individuals in the workplace demands that security officers and public safety officers are equipped with proper training, education, hands-on interventions, and vigilant responsiveness to effectively respond to workplace violence incidents.

learn more >








private corporations
in today’s corporate landscape, where insurance premiums, risk management, and costly legal claims have become the norm, prioritizing workplace violence prevention training is imperative. our focus on education and prevention aligns with our commitment to ensuring a safe and secure work environment.

learn more >









































accreditation program for nursing continuing education
ancc recognizes the development and delivery of high-quality nursing continuing professional development by organizations worldwide, including health ministries, nursing organizations, employers, and education providers.

avade® training is accredited as a provider of nursing continuing professional development by the american nurses credentialing center’s commission on accreditation.










“real world applications”
“excellent hands-on training, real world application, de-escalation techniques, and mental health awareness for both patients and staff.”
- jack watkins







“truly changed my life”
“avade® training seminar truly changed my life. i gained skills that will keep me, my family, my patients, and my co-workers safe. i was thoroughly impressed with material, the instruction and the skills that were taught.”
- philip bardowell









avade® offers a systematic safety approach
on-site and off-site training available, as well as e-learning course solutions.









register | schedule training







get avade® certified 







create your culture of safety





on-site training request







learn how to survive an active shooter event









disclaimer: the topic of violence, including active shooter situations and extreme violence, may evoke various stress responses for many individuals. it is not the intention of the author, publisher, or production team to contribute to any individual’s trauma, stress, or medical, emotional, psychological, or physical conditions. viewer discretion is advised.
the entirety of this video is owned exclusively by avade® personal safety training, inc. and the video is protected by united states and international copyright, trademark, and other laws.  this video may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of personal safety training, inc.  any use of the video without the prior written permission of personal safety training, inc. is strictly prohibited.  avade® personal safety training, inc. provides users of this video with a limited right to copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, display, post, or transmit this video only for educational, informational, teaching and training purposes.





download our free video:survive an active shooterescape | hide | attack

the topic of violence, including active shooter situations and extreme violence, may evoke various stress responses for many individuals. it is not the intention of the author, publisher, or production team to contribute to any individual’s trauma, stress, or medical, emotional, psychological, or physical conditions. viewer discretion is advised.



fill out your information and click “submit”.
you will then have access to the “”download”” button for your free video!



*


first



last

email*

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  























training courses that are comprehensive, current, & relevant
nationally recognized, court defensible, and complies with regulations for maintaining an effective wpv training program.

the consequences of inadequate or lack of workplace violence prevention training may include: increased instances of violence, harassment, aggression, legal liabilities with potential financial losses, damage to the organization’s reputation, decreased employee morale, productivity, job satisfaction, higher rates of absenteeism and turnover, and vulnerability to regulatory violations and legal actions.








e-learning
sate-of-theart e-learning courses



flexible pricing:
$ annual users
learn at your own pace 

more about e-learning






on-site train-the-trainer
& staff training



pricing per person starts at:
$497–$1897
plus travel costs

on-site training request






off-site train-the-trainer
open instructor seminars



pricing per person starts at:
$497–$1897
plus travel costs

instructor seminars







discover how avade® training is not only for the workplace, but also the lifeplace.

explore how avade® training extends beyond the workplace into daily life, equipping you to manage stress and fear during violent or aggressive encounters. out seasoned trainers will instruct you in effective de-escalation and self-defense tactics to navigate such situations with confidence and composure.

on-site training request
















training & education solutions designed to:




increase your awareness






enhance your vigilance






learn how to avoid conflicts






use a trauma-informed approach






improve communication & de-escalation






learn defensive strategies & skills






establish habitual escape planning






gain empowerment & confidence



on-site training request











in the event of a violent situation your personal safety is paramount, and it’s your responsibility to know to respond.

the avade® safety principles will provide you and your family with guidance on everyday actions and habits aimed at preventing and surviving crime and violence.

buy now



 













p.o. box 2957coeurd’alene, id 83816






1.866.773.7763






208.664.5551






208.664.5556







we offer courses suitable for:

healthcare
corporate
security
casinos
church agencies

customized programs to fit your agency. contact us today to discuss your options for a more safe and compliant workplace.




workplace violence prevention
de-escalation
active shooter
home health care
defensive tactics system™
healthcare defensive tactics system™
handcuffing tactics™
defense baton™
pepper spray defense™
safety incident reporting system™
safety oriented customer service®





member of iahss® international
member of shrm® international










© personal safety training inc. | avade® | all rights reserved. | privacy policy



 











































