








somethingclever.net v7.0 - web 3.0, yo









  may  4, 2012 
i just emailed the head of the physics dept at my school. while that in and of itself isn't something to shout about, i'm hoping he'll be able give me the direction i need to have a seamless (as possible) transfer to psu in fall 2013. i've been in school now for 1.5 years, i'm still rocking the 4-point, and i'm having so much fun learning more about things i'm interested in. i'm actually really happy i waited to go to school -- at this point in my life, i may be far more busy than i was at 17 or 18, but i have way more appreciation for going to school, and i am truly enjoying myself. i'm also getting additional education without going into major debt (which i should hopefully be able to continue), and i'm learning more about how i can push myself (and... uh... how important studying is?).
i'm currently in calculus i, and (i know this is going to bite me in the ass later) it's far easier than i thought it would be. maybe i expected it to be really tough because people who i consider smart/intelligent (there's a difference!) typically either react with fear or have started into stories about their failed relationship with calculus. i also have an excellent instructor, so of course i want to glom onto her while i can. this has been one of the most fun and challenging paths i've been on in my life, and i'm looking forward to the next 5 or so years until i graduate (and i'm already trying to figure out how the hell i can afford graduate school -- dooooom! doooooooom!).




  april  1, 2012 
before we left for a long holiday, i forced myself to get a haircut. i hadn't had my hairs cut since before the wedding (7 month - shiiiiih), and it was way past the time for this to be done. i've always had an issue with spending money on anything that i might consider frivolous, usually consisting of things that normal ladies spend money on all the time, such as clothes, shoes, hairdos, mani/pedis (just typing that made me gag a little), facials, etc. in fact, within the last 5 years, i have had one facial, 5 professional pedicures, 2 professional manicures (never with polish - just buff. if i get polish, i'll pick it off within days), have spent maybe $1,000 on clothes, and maybe just over $600 on shoes. everything i purchase seems like too much money to spend on something i'll just wear, so it's not like it's something i need to live, like an iphone. i then wonder why i always look frumpy and icky and feel badly about myself, and get annoyed and wonder why no one has submitted my horrid self to one of those makeover shows. be that as it may...
as a total random idea, i decided to "do" my hair the saturday we left for canadia. i typically just let it air-dry, and it kind of does what it does. since it's curly, it looks pretty good like 70% of the time, and the other 30% of the time, i put it in a ponytail (kristy brewer, anyone? hold the turtlenecks). instead, i did that side-bang-across-the-forehead thing, which really wasn't as tough as it looked (thanks to product!), and, well, it looked good. i have to admit i've been kind of going nuts over it, and now that i have something to do with my hair that's not pretty boring that takes like 10 minutes to achieve. 
thus ends a boring post in which i write about my hair.
oh, hey, and canada was fun, too!




  february 15, 2012 
i used to go to a lot of "things"... star trek conventions, raves, burning man, network nerdy gaming nights, full tower computers under our arms, with 21" crts waiting in the trunk for the next trip inside. i don't think i'll ever get over the nostalgia and "natsukashii" feeling i get when thinking about all of the nerdy and not-so-nerdy stuff i did. all of these things added up with other experiences to help me become the person i am today, and i wouldn't trade that for anything. 
one of the first star trek conventions i went to was held in san jose, put on by creationin (tm), which is pretty much the main convention conglomerate. ds9 was new then, and tng was extremely popular. i was amazed that there were adults dressed up as the characters i saw on tv, especially the klingons and those that required more makeup than i had used in my lifetime. i waited in lines to get autographs from armin shimerman, marina sirtis, and rene auberjonois; i was thrilled to sit a mere 100 or so feet away from patrick stewart while he talked about the show (later, when we were in the uk, he's who i thought of when we visited stratford-upon-avon and i saw my first shakespeare play performed live). i enjoyed the hell out of myself, but i also remember my dad, whom i had talked into coming with me (i certainly wouldn't have been able to go by myself), making snide comments about those in the costumes and the magazines i wanted to buy. 
i originally started watching star trek: the next generation with my dad as something we could do together; he was a fan of the original series (which i hated at the time), and i have to admit i was curious about the show my dad watched religiously on sunday nights. i quickly became enamored of wesley, the cute, awkward youth who felt like my anti-self; he was able to experiment with technology and explore with little conflict, except for that with the captain. i held wesley in my heart, not only because i had a total crush on him, but because i was fiercely jealous of his position, and i wholeheartedly believed that by the time i was an adult, society would be nearly be at the technological future the fictional 23rd century showed on fox, in syndicated episodes at 5 and 11pm. 
somehow, tng wasn't enough of a catalyst pushing me toward a scholarly perusal of the sciences outside my bedroom. my dad's time life books on the universe were fun to peruse, and at one point, i memorized the table of elements, but without use, the knowledge was lost quickly. i'm still not sure what happened to me back then, but i find myself paranoid of the future for my own children. though i embrace my nerdiness at this point, it took shift in societal "norms" to allow me to do this, because i simply wasn't comfortable to be "out" before. i'm 32 years old, finally learning about calculus, which i've wanted to explore for far too many years. i don't want to wait any more. i won't wait any longer. 




  september  4, 2011 
so, i'm getting married again. in less than 1 week. 
this time, it's ... normal. i feel good. i'm calm. 
every other person with whom i've been speaking is asking me "why aren't you more freaked out?" or commenting that i seem like "the calmest bride [they'd] ever seen!" really? is there something i should be freaked out about? i'm almost starting to feel a bit freaked out from my lack of anxiety than anything else.
i must say, though -- peter is amazing. he's the person with whom i've felt so completely "me"... or at least, i've allowed myself to be so completely me. there's no pretense, no bullshit. there's no lying and there's no worrying whether he means what he's saying. there's no second-guessing or questionable ulterior motive. there's no one pulling strings from behind him, a hulking frame so obviously standing there, like a hovering beast. and, ultimately, there's everything i've been looking for. 
i'm on holiday this week and next. i'm on vacation from school and from work. i'm really looking forward to this. 













partial rss feed






may 2012
april 2012
february 2012
september 2011
may 2011
april 2011
february 2011
january 2011
october 2010
august 2010
june 2010
february 2010
december 2009
september 2009
august 2009
july 2009
june 2009
may 2009
february 2009
january 2009
december 2008
november 2008
august 2008
july 2008
june 2008
may 2008
april 2008
march 2008
february 2008
january 2008
december 2007
november 2007
october 2007
september 2007
august 2007
july 2007
june 2007
may 2007
april 2007
march 2007
february 2007
january 2007
december 2006
november 2006
october 2006
september 2006
august 2006
july 2006
june 2006
may 2006
april 2006
march 2006
february 2006
january 2006
december 2005
november 2005
october 2005
september 2005
august 2005
july 2005
june 2005
may 2005
april 2005
march 2005
february 2005
january 2005
december 2004
november 2004
october 2004
september 2004
august 2004
july 2004
june 2004
may 2004
april 2004
march 2004
february 2004
january 2004
december 2003
november 2003
october 2003
september 2003
august 2003
july 2003
june 2003
may 2003
april 2003
march 2003
february 2003
january 2003





















by pdlcpayday loans



buy viagra online canadapurchase cialischeap viagra in ukcialis replacementbuy viagra online web medsbuy viagra cialis levitrafree viagraordering viagra onlviagra free trial offercheap viagra indiacheap viagra genericbuy discount somabuy no online prescription viagracheap discount viagrabuy discount viagra viagra viagrabuy viagra order viagratry viagra for freewalmart cialis pricebuy viagra online ukbuy online online viagra viagracost of viagraebay + cialisbuying viagra onlinecialis no perscriptioncheap generic viagra ukcheap generic viagra onlinebuy lexapronon prescription viagraviagra pro onlineviagra price in indiacheap generic viagra overnight deliverybuy viagra online ubuy viagra other drug onlineq buy viagra onlinebuy viagra online order generic viagracheap prescription viagrabuy viagra pill onlinebuy 100 mg viagrageneric vs brand name viagrabuy cialis no prescriptionlevitra onlinebuy now viagralowest price viagracheap cialis onlinenatural viagracheap generic viagra substitutecialis voucherbuy prescription viagradoes watermelon have viagra effectprice of viagrawhere can i buy cialis 20mgfree viagra without prescriptionbuy viagra nowcheap generic viagra no scriptbuy viagra onlinecheap prescription viagra withoutviagra without prescriptiongeneric viagra from indiabuy viagra online get prescriptioncheap free viagracheap soft tab viagralevitra 100mg ukbuy viagra online indiais viagra safe for womenbuy viagra online a hrefbuy viagra online no prescriptionbuy prescription viagra withoutviagra genericviagra professionalcipro 20buying viagra in ukbuy viagra overnightviagra over the counter walgreensviagra and cialis cheapbuy generic viagra pharmacy onlinebuy viagra online at lowest pricebuy viagra using paypalbuy internet viagracheap pill viagracheapest uk supplier viagracheap no prescription viagracheap drug viagrabuy generic viagra onlinegeneric cialischeap generic viagra substitutesmarijuana and viagraviagra oklahoma citybuy viagra online atbuy viagra prescriptionbuy viagra online paypalbuy line viagra wherebuy viagra online in the ukcheap kamagra uk viagrabuy nexiumbuy later now pay viagraviagra and hearing lossbuy locally viagrabuy in spain viagracheap generic viagra worcester imcbuy viagra usacheap herbal viagra viagracheap discount cialischeap generic online viagrabuy cialis from indiabuy viagra online alternative viagrafemale viagrafemale use of viagrabuy cheap tamiflubuy viagra montrealcheap inexpensive viagraviagra ukbuy now online viagracheap discount viagra viagrabuy online levitra cialis viagrabuy discounted viagrabuy viagra prescription americabuy viagra internetbuy generic viagra usabuy generic viagra viagracheap meltabs viagrafree viagra in the ukbuy cialis canadaviagra coupons and discountscheap deal viagrabuy in uk viagrabuy viagra online irelandbuy viagra cialischeap discount levitra onlinebuy viagra online online pharmacybuy levitra nowbuy viagra and cilascheap viagra fast shippingbuy viagra online off pharmacy pricesbuy viagra online paypal vippsbuy viagra online discountalternative to viagracheap site viagraviagra super activebuy viagra onlinebuy viagra online orderbuy price viagracheap viagra online canadacheap mexico viagrabuy cheap viagrabuy get online prescription viagrabrand cialis 20buy generic viagra imgviagra for salebuy viagra online in australiageneric viagraviagra suppliers in the ukbuy viagra onlinesbuy viagra online now buy viagrabuy cheap viagra online ukbuy levitra viagra onlinebuy in online usa viagrabuy online online pill viagra viagracheap free viagra viagrakey buy-viagrabuy discount cialischeap viagrabuy viagra online cheapestbuy generic viagrabuy real viagra onlinebuy viagra per pillviagra pfizered. trusted medstore in cialisbuy cheap levitrabuy sildenafil viagrabuy viagra pillscheap meltabs online viagracheap pharmacy viagradiscount viagrafree viagra sampleviagra uk cheap purchase buycialis vs viagracheap sale viagrabuy viagra online australiabuy viagra online pharmacyviagra dosagebuy real viagra pharmacy onlinebuy line viagrabuy viagra pharmacy onlinebuy cheap cialisbuy low price viagraviagra rrp australiacheap viagra in the uked pro trial packbuy viagra 50mgcialis no prescriptionbuy cheap viagra onlinecheap india viagraonline overnight viagraviagra for salebuy viagra online auindia viagra cialis vicodinviagra online ukbuy viagra cheapestbuy viagra pillguaranteed cheapest viagrawatermelon viagrabuy generic viagrahow can i buy viagra online in canadacheap viagra viagrabuy cheap viagra onlinecheap free price viagrabuy viagra online incheap herbal viagrawhich is better cialis or viagrahomemade viagraover the counter viagrabuy generic viagra online pharmacy onlinecheap price viagrabuy real viagra online pharmacybuy kamagra viagra indiaamazon viagracheap phizer viagrabuy online order viagrabuy site viagracheap man viagrabuy viagra online in ukbuying viagracheap generic 50 mg viagracialis couponsbuy kamagra viagrabuy viagracanadian levitra vs usa levitrauninsured cost of cialiscialis overnight shippingpurchase levitrabuy sale viagrabuy generic viagra buybuy viagra alternativebuy viagra online at cheap pricecheap viagra without a prescriptiongeneric levitracheap generic india viagrabuy female viagrabuy discount viagrabuy viagra powered by phpbbbuy viagra over the counter usbuy viagra cheapest best prices onlinecheap generic viagracheap generic viagra from usacheap generic overnight viagrabuy viagra cheaplybuy viagra online and get prescriptionviagrafree samplesbuy internet viagraaccutane for sale onlinecheap generic viagra no prescriptionviagra oralbuy now cialischeap pharmaceutical viagrabuy duscount viagra onlineviagra samplecheap pill pill sale viagrabuy online drug viagra pharmacybuy viagra onlineuk viagra salescheap genric viagra onlinebuy prescription vaniqa viagrawhere to buy viagra in beijingcheap cialis overnightbuy in online uk viagrabuy cymbaltabuy levitra canadabuy real viagracheap generic substitute viagra


