



- welcome to micronica -








micronica distributes the complete range of high
quality computer network and video capture products.
as an industry leader in computer video capture and networking, we have the
vital technical knowledge to make it work for you.
established 1983. and 100% australian owned.

check out some of our great products. so much more than just hardware and internet !

for every problem, there is a solution. we call it micronica.


merging networks, internet, video and computer technology
computer repairs south melbourne
184 napier street, south melbourne, 3205
victoria, australia
tel: 61-3-9699 8844
>> email enquiry <<


look!...video capture and editing made easy!! snazzi* dv.avio nle pro. capture crystal clear video and create your own video's and dvd's..like a pro!...new mp3 wristwatch video player+2gb usb flash drive+fm radio!!...see
micronica.com.au/catalog/index.htm for price and details...





products + services
internet + advice


products catalog
webmail email


led lcd monitors and display products
spam
blacklist - email rejected ? see our free spam ip blacklist


video computer products catalog
webmail, internet, email and webserver service and support



service rates - your mr fixit problems solved
testimonials - happy customers


orders - contact us
tech support - the digital doctor



snazzi video capture and editing products
downloads


stardot netcam and securecam products
our internet clients web sites


focus enhancements & videonics products
useful and interesting links


darim video surveillance and streaming
fun & games! - its not all about work


modems - micronica "jumbuck"
advertise at micronica


satellite tv receiver equipment
search the net - not just with google


computer christianity
news+notices


what does micronica have to offer
bargain basement - clearance super specials





hot product news


new! snazzi* sn1604 dv.avio nle pro-complete video capture and editing kit!...in stock now !!!...new! mp3 wristwatch video+mp3 player+2gb usb flash drive+fm
radio!!...hi definition video!...sony hi def camera special $4019+gst...




snazzi* usb
video creator 320video capture and editingvideo capture and editing made easy!
mp3 wristwatch video player+2gb usb flash drive+fm radio!!2
gbytes of storage. and its a wristwatch!
airmax5professional wireless bridgelong range. up to 20km airmax5 5ghz 150mbps






what does micronica have to offer ?


computer repairs south melbourne and suburbs and a big range of products and services.
hardware, software and system integration services to make the
complete solution work for you.
we also service these surrounding and outer suburbs including
- melbourne - western suburbs - richmond - cremorne - docklands - middle park - port melbourne - south melbourne - south wharf - south yarra - southbank - albert park
not sure if we service your suburb? give us a call on 96998844 for a chat as we service most melbourne
suburbs withing 50km.
 micronica company
profile
   &nbsp- since 1983! other computer companies come
and go. so many have gone broke! click here
for a list to remind yourself of just some of "the big ones".

 products
     | brochures and current prices | big product list and prices
|

 service, advice and consultation
   &nbsp-hardware - software
development -video -networks -internet -intranet
-wireless -trouble shooting -labour rates
 internet
   &nbsp-access -email -hosting
-servers -web design -configuration -training
 on line
ordering.
   &nbsp-worldwide delivery right to your
door
 testimonials and praises from our customers
 general computer technical tips and advice
 free software
   &nbsp- on our local server for quick download.
 job opportunities
 advertise at micronica.




read all about our "micronica hip-400" internet
router and sharer!






"you are better off looking at the micronica hip-400 rather than
the netcomm" - australian personal computer magazine.
"unbelievably easy ! took us just 3 minutes to set up. it just worked
immediately. much easier than installing the original telstra unit. we could
hardly believe it. absolutely amazing !" - ryan - marshall freeman

take a look for yourself! also check out our full range of micronica
wireless routers and internet sharers!!





read all about our "micronica jumbuck" modems !






voted best "bang for buck" modem by pc world magazine and fastest
throughput by internet.au magazine.out of all 10 modems tested !!!
take a look for yourself!




read all about our micronica motherboards !






our micronica machspeed g586tvx motherboard was voted "the best"
for price and performance by pc magazine against 11 other motherboards
!!!
take a look for yourself. also check out our full range of motherboards
!!


videonics, vitec and focus enhancements vga-tv converters and professional video products.





micronica is the exclusive authorised australian distributor ! call us for the videonics and focus enhancements tview range of high quality, award winning vga to tv
converters, computereyes and invideo video grabbers and
video conferencing kits. for desktop and notebook computers. pci and usb. internal and external kits.




snazzi* video
grabbers, digital signage, high definition video and video conferencing.




micronica is the exclusive australian distributor ! call us !
snazzi* and snazio video capture and editing product specialists. products
for desktop and laptop computers. external usb and internal pci. for video
professionals through to simple beginner home users



darim video
grabbers, video conferencing, surveillance and video editing systems.




micronica is exclusive australian distributor !
complete mpeg, video conferencing and internet video broadcasting solutions.




freelyreceive worship words - song lyrics presenter
software




cloud based song lyrics presenter software !
worship words advanced unique design allows total control of the presented text on the projector or
monitor remotely from a smart phone or tablet
by the presenter at the front of the auditorium in real time.
as well as featuring a built in intelligent internet lyrics search and bible search
functionality.
worship words is 100% totally freeware and cloud based. no software to install on your computer or smart
phone ! just "click and run". try it if you cant't believe it !



bargain basement super specials !!!


lots of great bargains to take advantage of !! check it out ! always something new.
only available through this internet site. you must mention it.



the digital doctor speaks to you !
radio rrr fm 102.7, "byte into it, the digital doctor-edward jozis" segments recorded
lots of free computer hints, help and advice...streaming audio !!

some of our valued clients.
micronica provides professional services to get on line and advertise worldwide with your own personalised web page.
from as little as $50 per year !
here are some of our clients who have their internet web site at micronica
 businesses
 personal
 organisations


fun and games.
free games software and other funny bits !

the realm of computer christianity.
micronica is a christian oriented company.
find out more about god. and try the bible search facility. it is amazing how many common sayings are quotes from the bible !


playground
lots of interesting internet things to play with and learn about. great for internet newcomers.





open communication without gates

copyright © micronica



