



berks county (pa) genealogical society | pennsylvania family history / genealogy / ancestry

















































skip navigation
due to the weather, we will be closed sunday, 1/19.
we will be closed on christmas eve, christmas day, new year's eve and new year's day.
october is family history month
1950 census is now available!!!
next meeting - thursday, 11/21 @ 6:30


 
berks county genealogical society
preserving the past to enrich the lives of the present.


facebook
email us
get directions
search site






 






toggle navigation





home(current)
(current)
share on facebook
facebook
 
 membership 

become a member
members area
meetings & activities
join bcgs / renew membership


membership
library
 research 

online research
bcgs research services
bcgs projects
family group sheet online surname search
bcgs journal index
popular research sites
more useful links
new bcgs journal index


online research
family group sheet online surname search
bcgs journal index
 helpful tips 

getting started
census reports
vital records
obituaries
cemeteries
genealogy software
popular research sites
bcgs journal articles
genealogy terms


helpful tips
store
contact
about





search site










welcome friends

we're open
everyday: noon - 4pm.
no appointment needed.
inclement weather closing policy




open everyday noon to 4 pm. 
			

we value your support
as a non-profit organization solely staffed by volunteers, we rely on membership dues and outside donations to continue our services.





all donations are processed via paypal's secure server.









 
 berks county
the great melting pot
										of early america.


the bcgs features a knowledgeable all-volunteer staff, who like yourself, is interested in the family history of our hometown residents. berks county, erected in 1752, features a rich history and diverse culture. it is the ancestral home of abraham lincoln and the birthplace of daniel boone, the famous kentucky pioneer. the county seat, reading, was founded in 1748 by sons of william penn, richard and thomas, along with conrad weiser.

join bcgs / renew membership
join / renew
members area



notable berks county residents


taylorswift



johnupdike



michaelconstantine



carlspaatz



lennymoore



betsyking



carlfurillo



george s.messersmith





upcoming events
saturday, april 13, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., bcgs will be manning a table at the nicholas stoltzfus homestead for berks history day, admission is free. the event will feature displays of unique historic artifacts, participatory activities appropriate for all ages, merchandise available for purchase, a scavenger hunt, food vendors, prizes, and a bounce house. additionally, knowledgeable guides will be offering tours of the nicholas stoltzfus house. 
thursday, november 21 @ 6:30am |  guest speaker will be jonathan bond from the albany township historical society.  more »
don’t forget to sign up for society june luncheon meeting, saturday june 22, at 11:30am.  just $20 per head. a hot buffet featuring roast beef and baked flounder stuffed with crab.  surf & turf.  guest speaker, member john grimes, talking about first 15 families to tulpehocken from schohaarie.  meeting and food on 4th floor of the goggleworks.
open house: sunday, december 10, 12 - 4 | our librarian will be providing an introduction to our upgraded library and online catalog.  a beginners class for genealogy will be conducted 3 to 4 pm. hot drinks and christmas cookies while they last.  stop in for a cookie and/or bring a plate of your own cookies to share.
saturday, february 17 @ 1pm | for members only.  our annual brick wall session.  more »
genealogy 101: beginner series at bcgsbcgs is offering a series of four classes for the beginning genealogist. classes will meet in the society's library, room 413 at the goggleworks center for the arts from 12:00 - 4:00pm.dates: saturday, feb 15, feb 22, mar 1, and mar 8.cost: $40 for 4 classes.  more »
every sunday in march @ 3-4pm | open house featuring a free beginner’s class about family history research.  more »
saturday, december 14, 12-4pm | santa will be in the library.  more »
bcgs is planning a return to a dinner meeting this fall. watch here for details.

bcgs library now online!
our library has now been upgraded to a barcode system with a searchable index. just click on the link below to access our catalog, which is searchable by title, author or keyword. you do not have to login, just start typing in the search box to pull up a list of items in our library matching your search. you can then print the list and visit the library to consult the items found, or submit a research request form listing the items you would like searched. of course the catalog is also searchable on the public computer in the library. search catalog online

now available: 40 years of journals (scanned files with index) on a usb flash drive.  list price: $36 | members: $29. pick one up at the library or call us and we will drop it in the mail for an additional $1.  more »
reading eagle digitizing project update - we have digitized approximately 500 rolls out of 1,049 rolls. as we raise more funds, another batch will be sent. thank you for your donations! more »




bcgs on bctv
sites & sounds of historic berks - 3/23/2015
bcgs in the news
bcgs holding open house - reading eagle (3/15/2014)
bcgs tracing roots - reading eagle (6/23/2013)

book sale list

library volunteers needed
at the bcgs library we are very proud of the fact that we are open every day of the week to meet the needs of both local and out-of-town researchers. however, in order to maintain those welcoming hours, we are in need of a few extra volunteers, especially during the summer vacation months. whether you are able to help once a week, once or twice a month, or just as an “on-call substitute,” your help would be much appreciate. we could especially use help right now on wednesdays, saturdays or sundays—either every week or on alternating weeks. we could also use volunteers living nearby who would be willing to be “on-call” to substitute on an afternoon when a scheduled volunteer becomes unavailable at the last minute.
one benefit of volunteering in the library is that you will have time to do your own research when the library is not busy. anyone willing to volunteer weekly monthly or on-call, please email the librarian, laurel miller,  or call the library at 484-509-4806 during open hours, 12-4 p.m. thanks for considering volunteering so that we can continue to maintain our daily opening hours.










about genealogy



many people express a natural curiosity about their ancestors. they listen to stories told by parents, grandparents, or other older folks. the stories may be about the good old days, serving our country, or arriving as immigrants.
the science of genealogy allows researchers to act as detectives as they piece together bits of information about their ancestors.  they may want to find out when their ancestors first arrived in the united states, if any fought in the revolutionary war or civil war, or if anyone famous is a member of their tree. the pathway to the past however, is not paved with gold, though some may be discovered along the way. it’s often a rough and rocky journey through twists and turns and sometimes road blocks.
regardless of the initial purpose for the research, discovering one's family history yields many enlightening and enriching rewards.






obtaining information



a wealth of documentation exists about berks county families including census records (1790-1930), back issues of the local daily newspaper, church records, cemetery records, naturalization records, minister journals, family indexes, deeds, wills, warrantee maps, and more.
the bcgs library, open 7 days a week, offers a multitude of organized material to assist researchers in piecing together family histories.






where to start


 
if you’re new to genealogy or overwhelmed by all the information, check out our helpful tips page. it includes research strategies, interpretations of the census forms, reviews of the top genealogy software packages, and a list of common genealogical terms and abbreviations. it also explains the value of information found in obituaries and cemeteries.
if you have any questions, feel free to contact us.






joys of genealogy
who do you think you are? - on tlc

video clips & episodes

finding your roots - on pbs

video clips & episodes


genealogy videos on 

ancestry.com
familysearch.org
us national archives










we value your support
as a non-profit organization solely staffed by volunteers, we rely on membership dues and outside donations to continue our services.





all donations are processed via paypal's secure server.



we're open
everyday: noon - 4pm
by appointment only.(call or email)

ample free parking in a secure lot behind goggleworks.
handicapped accessible.
free wifi access.


get directions
we're located on the 4th floor of the goggleworks.
inclement weather closing policy
























home
membership
library
research
helpful tips
store
contact
about
site map
terms of use
facebook

© 2012, berks county genealogical society. all rights reserved. site design: jeff heiser
background photo by dough4872 (own work) [public domain], via wikimedia commons.



					201 washington st, room 413
					reading, pa 19601-4040
(484) 509-4806






go to top











