













home | cfaes facilities and capital planning































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



cfaes facilities and capital planning 

cfaes facilities and capital planning
https://facilities.cfaes.ohio-state.edu




college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences












search form

search 





 

 

menu





 

homeproject requestsprojectslocationsplanning documents 













        controlled environment agriculture research complex      

        the cearc facility supports programs for plant food production research.        

        read more »
      










        wooster science building       

        this building houses entomology research, undergraduate teaching programs, a bug zoo, and cafe.       

        read more »
      










        kunz-brundige franklin county extension building      

        this facility supports diverse programming in the areas of the 4-h youth development, family and consumer sciences,...      

        read more »
      









 
 
 





 




home






vision statement
the college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences owns, operates, and leases nearly 875 facilities across the state of ohio. the college has a significant presence on the columbus campus and surrounding community, in the wooster community, at the molly caren agricultural center near london, ohio, and in each county in ohio.
mission statement
physical facilities play a vital role in allowing the college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences to carry out its teaching, research, and outreach missions throughout ohio.  our nearly 11,000 acres of land are used as laboratory space for student learning, research for faculty and students, and/or educational programs for communities. we continually work to improve and strengthen our existing infrastructure and facilities to provide improved teaching, learning, and outreach.


facilities and capital planning department office   
   210 administration building
   1680 madison ave. 
   wooster, oh 44691
contact us
daniel “joe” messenger
    director of facilities operations, fleet services
    college of food agricultural and environmental sciences
    wooster campus
    messenger.47@osu.edu
    telephone: 330-263-3915.

eugene howell - sr. project manager 
   330-263-3639
   howell.9@osu.edu

brian smith - facilities project coordinator 
    614-247-7254
    smith.1067@osu.edu
 

 
 
 
 
 



 



news



there are currently no news items.



    more news  

 

 







search form

search 





 

 









college of food agriculture and environmental sciences
© 2025, the ohio state university



211 administration building
1680 madison avenue
wooster, ohio 44691


 

accessibility accommodation

  if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map








give now
login
 

 





the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati







 








