







rhode island animal medical center and four paws pet resort









































locations:
ri animal med. ctr + 4 paws
ma animal medical ctr
neponset animal hosp.
somerville vet. ctr
wellington circle vet. ctr
brookline veterinary ctr
 












home
services
faq
careers
about

clinical leadership


contact
 


select page


  
 
 
















rhode island animal medical center and four paws pet resort

since 2003, the rhode island animal medical center (riamc) has been focusing on the health and well-being of small animals. a full-service veterinary center, riamc will ensure your pet receives the highest quality care through state of the art equipment and administrative tools. our team of friendly and professional veterinarians, veterinary technicians, and support staff strive to make each visit efficient, affordable, and pleasant.





contact
phone: 401-785-1000
fax: 401-490-4786
send email

hours
monday-friday: 8 am to 6 pm saturday:  8 am to 5 pm sunday:  9 am to 4 pm

location
343 warwick avenue
warwick, ri 02888





pet boarding form

services at a glance

wellness care
diagnostics
digital radiology
dentistry
surgery
pharmacy
prescription diets
medical grooming
ultrasounds
boarding
doggy daycare
retail shopping














facility
our 13,000 square foot facility is located just minutes from pawtuxet village and edgewood. we are only 4 miles from t.f. green airport and our easily acessible location allows us to conveniently serve all of warwick and cranston, including:






pawtuxet village
pilgrim park
norwood
warwick neck
conimicut
edgewood
elmwood
hillsgrove





apponaug
cowesett
auburn
garden city
oaklawn
pontiac
reservoir











a friendly and caring full-service pet care facility 








our pleasant and spacious lobby 








with two waiting areas and tv 








clean and modern exam rooms 








accomodating large animals 








and small animals 








state of the art equipment and technology 








cutting-edge digital radiology 








quickly confirming diagnosis 








advanced diagnostics lab 








providing fast and accurate results 








modern surgical suites 








comfortable accomodations for patients 








professional pet grooming 








fully supervised doggy daycare 








over 5,000 sq. ft. of outdoor play space 








indoor pet boarding 








with outdoor kennels 








retail shopping while you wait 








hundreds of products your pal needs and wants 








in stock prescription diets for medical conditions 








your one-stop pet care center 







veterinary services
our dedicated and friendly team of pet care professionals provide comprehensive care for dogs, cats, and other small animals.  our facility is equipped with the latest tools and technology to keep your pet healthy and happy. we have a spacious lobby, two waiting areas with television and retail shopping filled with everything your pal needs and wants.
we are equipped to handle all common medical concerns, in addition to more serious conditions. our modern exam rooms, diagnostic lab, digital radiology and surgical suites allow for the quick diagnosis, treatment and monitoring of patients.
wellness plans are available to make it easier and more affordable to keep your pet healthy and happy. these plans include examinations, testing and vaccinations, and also provides discounts on services, products and medications.
pet services
all pet services are performed on-site at four paws pet resort. we can combine services for your convenience and your pal’s happiness 🙂
doggy daycare at four paws pet resort provides plenty of companionship, treats, and active play, whether you pal needs a day of play or a set weekly schedule. all guests are fully supervised by our well-trained staff and enjoy as much outdoor time as possible in our safe and secure 5,000 square foot enclosure.
daycare will help your buddy stay fit and reduce bad behavior, such as chewing on furniture or ripping up the trash – all signs of loneliness and frustration. it’s a great way to socialize a new puppy and is particularly good for very active dogs.
pet boarding is available for long or short term stays. all guests enjoy clean and comfortable accommodations, as well as plenty of attention and tlc.





top dog winners
7 years in a row! 

best overnight boarding kennel
best groomer
best doggy daycare
best veterinary practice, hospital or clinic




rimac services in detail

wellness visits
as your pet matures from a puppy/kitten to an adult onto a senior, we offer comprehensive wellness strategies that will enable you and your furry friend to plan for each life stage and the unique health needs associated with each stage. a vital part of the exam is the discussion between the client and the professional care giver at riamc.
the gradual onset of health problems in an apparently healthy pet often go unnoticed. depending on the communication between you and your doctor an informed decision of a yearly or bi-yearly exam can be determined. remember, your pet’s lifespan is shorter than ours. a lot can happen in 12 months.

diagnostics
laboratory testing plays an integral role in the early detection of changes in your pet’s health. diagnostic tests provide essential information by which our veterinarians can identify blood disorders, kidney and liver disease, diabetes, infection, cancer, thyroid disease and other hormonal problems.
rhode island animal medical center laboratory provides fast and accurate information so that your pet can receive appropriate treatment immediately after arriving at the hospital. when more sophisticated testing is required, we utilize a certified veterinary laboratory offering the expertise of board certified specialists in pathology, hematology, internal medicine and radiology. for your convenience we can also schedule in-house veterinary specialists in several different fields including internal medicine and cardiology.

dentistry
dental disease, specifically periodontal disease, is the most common ailment affecting pet dogs and cats. at riamc, we feel it is very important that our clients realize the impact dental care can have on their pets overall health.
an infection in your pet’s mouth is just like one in his or her kidney, heart, liver or lung. his body becomes stressed as it tries to chronically fight that infection. the infection can easily spread from the gums throughout the body via the bloodstream. dental infections are responsible for about 80% of heart valve disease which result in heart murmurs.
we offer ultrasonic teeth cleaning and digital dental radiographs that provides your pet with good oral health. as an adjunct to teeth cleaning, we recommend a dental home care plan that is specifically designed to your pet’s needs.

surgery
no procedure is routine when it comes to surgery at riamc. our team of doctors and surgical technicians provide an individualized anesthetic and pain management protocols for each pet undergoing surgery. for your pet’s safety, our operating suite is equipped with the latest in veterinary monitoring equipment including ekg, blood pressure, oxygen saturation, temperature, heart rate and respiration rate.
we are able to perform most surgical procedures from spays and neuters to more complicated abdominal surgeries, mass removals and some orthopedic (bone and joint) procedures. we take pride in our equipment and our modern anesthesia and patient monitoring systems.

pharmacy
rhode island animal medical center carries an extensive inventory of veterinary pharmaceutical items, supplies, and medications. for the convenience of our clients we have the ability to treat your sick companions right away. we do honor requests for scripts but do not deal directly with any online pharmacies.

prescription diets
the treatment of many conditions often requires the feeding of specialized veterinary diets. we carry a variety of hills science diet and purina prescription foods. if you need a special item please let our staff know and we try to accommodate.

daycare
if you have a puppy, high-energy breed or if you just don’t like to leave your pet home alone all day, daycare offers many benefits:

exercise (most dogs don’t get enough exercise which can lead to health and behavioral problems)
attention (many dogs get lonely and can engage in destructive behavior, such as chewing on furniture, etc.)
less stress (no rushing home to let your dog out or worries about working late)
reliability (our clean, safe and secure is open 7 days a week)
stay fit, have fun, and get clean – add grooming and save $5

you can depend on our well-trained staff to give your pal plenty of tlc, as well as the opportunity to socialize with other dogs in a safe and secure environment. individual playtime, treats and group play are offered each day. dogs are supervised all day, whether outside in the dog park or in our specially-designated indoor play area.
drop-off and pick-up times are as follows, but you can drop-off any time after start times and pick-up any time before end times:
monday to thursday: 7:30 am to 6:00 pmfriday: 7:30 am to 6:00 pmsaturday 8:00 am to 5:00 pmsunday 9:00 am to 4:00 pm
all dogs must be fully vaccinated and checked for proper disposition and like size. please call (401) 785-1000 to schedule an appointment.
we welcome personal visits so you can see the way in which we provide a happy and healthy stay for each guest.

boarding
creating a safe and comfortable stay for your pet is our highest priority.
our highly trained and experienced staff, and our clean, secure, and climate controlled facility produce a stable environment that you can depend on, regardless of the length of your pet’s stay.
we offer a variety of accommodation and budget options, with clean bedding provided on-site.
proof of the following vaccinations, performed within the last year, must be provided prior to boarding (missing vaccinations can be performed onsite with prior scheduling):

					dogs

distemper/parvo combo
rabies
bordatella
heartworm test within last year
on heartworm preventative
fecal exam within last 6 months
canine influenza

 
					cats

distemper
rabies
feline leukemia
felv/fiv te

we welcome personal visits so you can see the way in which we provide a happy and healthy stay for each guest.







veterinarians 
your pet’s health and comfort are our top priority. our team of knowledgeable and experienced veterinarians and support staff work together to ensure a safe yet efficient experience each time you visit.





dr. jennifer hart
caring for patients at:


neponset animal hospital
r.i. animal medical center

professional designation/memberships

american veterinary medical association (avma)

professional areas of interest

dentistry
internal medicine
preventative medicine
surgery

about dr. hart
dr. hart, originally from arizona, moved to connecticut where she grew up on a horse farm. from there, she moved to new york city working in the finance industry when she eventually decided to pursue her passion in veterinary medicine. dr. hart attended umass amherst where she graduated with a b.s. in animal science and traveled to peru and continued doing research while collaborating with cornell university on alpaca’s and p. tenuis. dr. hart earned her dvm from st. george’s university where she graduated cum laude in 2013.
when not working, dr. hart enjoys time spent with her family and friends. her hobbies  include horseback riding, hiking and traveling among many more.



dr. thomas hamilton
caring for patients at:

neponset animal hospital
ri animal medical center
mass. animal medical center
somerville veterinary center

professional memberships

american veterinary medical association (avma)

professional areas of interest

dentistry
internal medicine
preventative medicine
surgery

about dr. hamilton
dr. thomas hamilton grew up in fort salonga, new york, and moved up to medfield, massachusetts in 2001. he attended umass amherst for undergrad where he graduated cum laude with a b.s. in animal science.
after graduating from undergrad, dr. hamilton worked as technician for 6 years before going abroad to st. george’s university school of veterinary medicine, west indies. he graduated from st. george’s university with honors in 2017 and received his clinical year education at cornell university.
when not working, dr. hamilton enjoys time spent with his family and friends. his german shepherd mixed breed, blade, loves long car rides and trips to the beach; and his cat, rocky, loves to sleep… and eat. dr. hamilton’s interests include motorcycles, the outdoors, sports, and fitness.




dr. rachel rogoff
caring for patients at:


r.i. animal medical center

professional areas of interest

internal medicine
dentistry
preventative medicine

professional memberships

american veterinary medical association (avma)
royal college of veterinary surgeons (rcvs)
british veterinary association (bva)

about dr. rogoff
dr. rachel rogoff grew up in uncasville, connecticut. she attended the university of vermont in burlington where she graduated with a b.s. in animal science.
from there, she went on to attend veterinary school at the university of glasgow in scotland, uk and graduated with a bachelors of veterinary medicine and surgery (bvms) in 2018.
after graduation, dr. rogoff moved to new york to begin her veterinary career. after a year and a half of practice and learning in the beautiful hudson valley, dr. rogoff decided to move backto new england to be closer to family.
when not working, dr. rogoff enjoys reading, exploring and travel, live music and spending time with family and friends.




 










find a facilityrhode island animal medical ctr
four paws pet resort
massachusetts animal medical ctr
neponset animal hospital
somerville veterinary center
wellington circle veterinary center
how can we help you?careers
services
about us
privacy policy
pet memorials
support a great cause


recent posts at the pet blog


schedule a dental cleaning appointment for your dog or cat


dental care for pets


9 signs your pet needs dental care


what are hotspots?


what is kennel cough?


the importance of wellness care for pets


 



©2025 callanan veterinary group. all rights reserved. website by karrie disanto.com 

























