


 



east renfrewshire - east renfrewshire council


























skip to main content





 this website uses cookies

we use necessary cookies to make our site work. optional analytics cookies help us to improve our site but these will not be set unless you enable them. using this tool will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences. we don't collect any personal data and your ip address is completely anonymous. further information can be obtained from our cookie policy.




accept all


reject additional

change cookie preferences


 

 your cookie preferences were saved
change cookie preferences
 

 





myeastren login 
















link to "east renfrewshire council" homepage





start search here...











									search site button
								





















						toggle mobile menu visibility
					





search








search







myeastren login 



 

east renfrewshire








                working to create a fairer future with all
            










school menus 
view lunch menus for all our primary and high schools and early years








bin collection days 
check when your waste and recycling bins are emptied








school holidays 
find out the school holiday dates for 2024 to 2025 and 2025 to 2026








cost of living support 
find out about advice and support available to help with the increased cost of living








council welcomes praise for 'high-performing' services 
accounts commission report highlights the council's consistently strong performance across a broad range of corporate and service areas








					services
				






 
schools and learning







 
rubbish and recycling







 
health and care







 
business and consumers







 
benefits







 
registration







 
council tax







 
environment







 
housing







 
roads and pavements







 
money advice and rights







 
my council







 
planning and building standards







 
community information







 
leisure and culture







 
young people







news and announcements 
find out our latest news and announcements.










call blockers and video doorbell systems protect east renfrewshire residents from scams 
east renfrewshire residents are benefiting from our trading standards programme which aims to help to protect elderly and vulnerable residents from phone and doorstep scams. 











final new council homes handed over in maidenhill 
we've reached the final stage in the handover of 105 houses within cala homes (west) newton mearns development, providing new homes for 246 council tenants.











leisure centre and theatre gets the green light 
new facility will include an eight-lane swimming pool, a much larger fitness suite, and a four-court games hall










jobs and careers 
want to work for one of the most progressive councils in scotland? find out the benefits of working here, browse our latest vacancies and find out how to apply.













 

 



accessibility 

cookie settings 

cookie policy 

disclaimer 




top requested services 

freedom of information 

privacy policy 

social media 

contact us 

erc employees - hr self service 

bsl information 


 

 


 




 





© 2025 - east renfrewshire council



powered by goss



