








team pilot car service










team pilot car service, inc


nationwide pilot car coverage, friendly service









team
qualifications
contractors
pilot car equipment
links

















office: 256-238-1109
cell: 256-239-2931 
email: teampilotcar@gmail.com









contact us today to put our team to work for you






we are team pilot car service, inc.  we provide pilot cars/escorts for heavy haul trucking/transportation companies throughout the united states.
we can provide your company with certified, licensed and insured escort drivers to assist you with the movement of your oversize load. our services include front and rear escort vehicles, height-pole equipped pilot cars/drivers, route surveys and assistance with routing and permitting. we have experienced dedicated pilot/escort drivers located throughout the united states.
we offer reasonable rates, knowledgeable certified pilot/escort drivers and friendly service.we are one of the few pilot car services who carry general business liability insurance in the amount of $2,000,000.00 far more than most of our competitors. we believe in the excellent service our contractors provide.
our escort drivers are certified throughout the united states and including new york, colorado, florida, utah, virginia, louisiana, new mexico, washington, oklahoma and kansas  and all other states which require certification. 
we also have gps/laptop enabled vehicles to assist in difficult moves which require multiple route changes.
we offer volume discounts for repeat customers and are here 7 days a week to serve you. during these troubled economic times, we have been one of the leaders in working with our customers to help them survive the downturn by negotiating rates to manageable levels which allow us all to keep the doors open. we understand as well as anyone how hard it has been and will continue to work to help our long-term and new customers to provide quality, affordable services. 
we welcome project jobs and will happily work a negotiated price for a volume job, call us for information.put our team to work for you!

specialized carriers and heavy haul trucking firms, please contact us via the web using the form below.
















we proudly accept these forms of payment












if you are a licensed, certified and commercially insured escort driver who would like to join our team, please click on the "contractors" link for more information.
thank you
 



































