


national weight control registry







 
 
 
 


how to join
research findings
success stories
who we are
for current registry members











how  to join
          recruitment for the registry is ongoing. if you are at least 18 years of age 
          and have maintained at least a 30 pound weight loss for one year or longer 
          you may be eligible to join our research study. 
            

for current registry members
have you relocated over the past year? please update your contact info here. 

research findings
                    learn more about our research.  to date, we have published articles describing the eating and exercise habits of 
              successful weight losers, the behavioral strategies they use to maintain their weight, 
              and the effect of successful weight loss maintenance on other areas of their lives. 

success stories
                registry members' weight loss stories are diverse and inspiring. 
                read about the accomplishments of some of our members. 

who we are
                read about the developers, co-investigators and research staff of the nwcr team. 


media requests
looking to feature the nwcr in your article or story? contact us for more information. 
sub-studies
learn more about the sub-studies of the registry.
















 
                  





 





the national weight control 
                          registry









 





  






the national weight control registry (nwcr), established in 1994 by
                      
rena wing, ph.d.  from brown medical school, and  
                      james o. hill, ph.d.  from the university of colorado, is the largest prospective investigation of 
					                      long-term successful weight loss maintenance.  given the prevailing 
					                      belief that few individuals succeed at long-term weight loss, 
					                      the nwcr was developed to identify and 
					                      investigate the characteristics of individuals who have succeeded at 
					                      long-term weight loss.  the nwcr is tracking over 10,000 individuals 
					                      who have lost significant amounts of weight and kept it off for 
					                      long periods of time.  detailed questionnaires and annual follow-up 
					                      surveys are used to examine the behavioral and psychological characteristics 
					                      of weight maintainers, as well as the strategies they use to maintaining their weight 
			                        losses.

research findings from the national weight control registry have 
                                          been featured in many national newspapers, magazines, and television 
                                    broadcasts, including usa today,
oprah magazine, 
the washington post,  and good morning 
                                          america.







 






 





 




 




 






are you a successful loser?















 

 
find out more: please contact 
                          us  with any questions or 
                          comments.
 
 
 
if you are a successful weight loser and under 18 years old, click here! 
                            
 
 
please note: the national weight control registry is 
                          not a weight loss treatment program and we are unable to 
                          respond to requests for general information on weight loss and 
                          maintenance.
 




the national weight control registry
              
              brown medical school/the miriam hospital
              
              weight control & diabetes research center 
              196 richmond street, providence, ri 02903
              
              phone: 1-401-793-8940
              
              e-mail: aalmeida1@lifespan.org 





