





the north carolina central university school of library and information sciences














































skip to content




the north carolina central university school of library and information sciences





     menu



home
about
courses
forms
contact us
programs
site map
 










welcome to the north carolina central university school of library and information sciences



welcome to the school of library and information sciences (slis) at north carolina central university! at slis we offer a master of library science (mls) and a master of information science (mis) – both with a variety of different concentrations to meet your professional needs. our mls degree is fully accredited by the american library association (ala), and our mis degree was based on the curriculum developed and recommended by the association for information systems and association for computing machinery.  as the only hbcu with a library and information science (lis) program, we are devoted to making sure that our students are not only prepared for whatever challenges they may encounter in their professional careers, but also equipped with the knowledge to bring positive change though their lives and labor. our record as the largest producer of african american library and information professionals in the country demonstrates our commitment to our university’s motto of “truth and service.” we believe that every individual has the potential to make the community a better place.   

as an institution which has offered graduate-level classes in library science since 1939, our goal is to provide library and information science (lis) professionals with an education which will enable them to improve their lives and the lives of those around them.  we invite you to discover our rich history and current successes. we were the first hbcu to achieve accreditation by the committee on accreditation of the american library association (ala), the oldest, largest, and most distinguished library association in the world.  and we have continuously maintained that accreditation since that time. what makes our school “different” is that we represent the positive change that other institutions aim to be.
we hope that you will take the opportunity to discover how slis can help you achieve your dreams. we treasure our students, regardless of their background or goals, and invite you to become a part of slis and the nccu family. 
patrick roughen, j.d., phd 
interim dean and associate professor, school of library and information sciences 






search


search for:



   search


slis menuhome
about
admissions
alumni resources
careers
catalog descriptions of courses
certificates, degrees and programs
contact us
continuing education
digital library
distance learning (online courses)
faculty & staff
faq
forms
imls grant
library
masters of information science degree program overview

masters of information science – mis tracks
joint mba/mis


masters of library sciences degree program general overview

masters of library science – mls tracks


site map
student organizations & resources
menu item
follow us on social mediatwitterfacebook






			wordpress theme: donovan by themezee.		











