




eh media - your media & marketing resource

























































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerabout us

about us
eh leadership
press releases
eh media specifications


capabilities
brands

brands
live sound international/ prosoundweb


events

events
channelpro smb forums
church sound university
church facilities expo


search this websiteplease review our updated privacy policy in anticipation of new european privacy laws.
 eh media: your media & marketing resource

 eh media can:





improve your roi








grow your customer base







boost your brand







promote your products




 engaging with 3.3 million active viewers each month

 
our capabilities seamlessly connect your brand with our audiences
 this page is having a slideshow that uses javascript. your browser either doesn't support javascript or you have it turned off. to see this page as it is meant to appear please use a javascript enabled browser.  what our customers are saying...   clint hoffman, vice president of marketing kramer electronics working with techdecisions, we were able to provide important topical content, that helps the  av/it end users and dealer/integrators work more effectively.  techdecisions does an excellent job. we highly recommend them.    annie heathorn, marketing manageraccess networks we couldn’t have had a more positive experience working with ce pro’s editorial team. in a brief phone call we communicated the content we were looking for in our targeted custom piece, and then they did all the work. they absolutely nailed it.    cory lovett, presidentnexus 21 concealment systems ce pro is one of the very few organizations we  work with for web and print products because they get results and have data to show it. everyone we deal with at eh consistently delivers more than expected. i wish we had more industry partners like them.      prevnext 
learn more 






video production

digital
content marketing
targeted marketing
research
creative services


print production

content strategy
custom solutions
experiential
our 360° approach







footercareers
contact us
privacy
data protection policy

© 2025 · eh media, llc · 20 speen street, suite 403 · framingham, ma 01701 usa













