


starboard!!!






















    
	starboard!!!
	
  
if i had stayed in the coast guard i would have a nice retirement by now. instead, i have nine bucks in my 401(k).





02 january 2009



	 
	 u.s. turns control of international zone over to iraq
	 
    


the united states formally transferred the republican palace back to the iraqi government today, a concrete symbol of the continuing improvement in the country.centcom reports.officials said that american troops are still on duty at some of the checkpoints in green zone, but they are there to train their iraqi counterparts rather than with operational control. “when you come up to a checkpoint, the iraqis will check your identification. they will make the decision if you come in or go out, ” said army maj. gen. dave perkins, u.s. spokesman in iraq. as a colonel, perkins led the 2nd brigade of the 3rd infantry division that conducted the "thunder run" in april 2003 that first entered baghdad. "we will continue to be there to provide some technical capacity, to provide some mentoring, but you will see less and less american forces and more and more iraqi forces – and they will have the majority of the responsibility for making those key decisions which determine the security of the capital,” perkins said.once again, another momentous story ignored by the msm.open trackbacks at the world according to carl.



posted by jibtrim at 8:36 pm
 | 







13 december 2008



	 
	 new focus
	 
    


now that my life is back in order and my son is over elmo, i can get back to this.



posted by jibtrim at 11:15 pm
 | 







09 september 2008



	 
	 obama's plan to make america defenseless
	 
    


how obama intends to make america defenseless in his own words.



posted by jibtrim at 10:04 pm
 | 










	 
	 dear mr. obama
	 
    


the words of a veteran to senator obama.



posted by jibtrim at 9:49 pm
 | 







08 september 2008



	 
	 biden takes credit for success in iraq
	 
    


biden is unbelievable. he can't seem to figure out, or admit, that the surge has worked.



posted by jibtrim at 3:48 pm
 | 







12 december 2006



	 
	 military meets, exceeds recruiting goals
	 
    


once again, another item for the msm didn't tell me this file. well, at least not in the main news section. ap via yahoo reports. washington - though americans are increasingly pessimistic about the war in searchiraq, the pentagon said tuesday it is having success enlisting new troops. the navy and air force met their recruiting goals last month while the army and marine corps exceeded theirs, the defense department announced. the army, which is bearing the brunt of the work in iraq, did the best. it signed up 6,485 new recruits in november compared with its target of 6,150 — meaning 105 percent of its goal. all the services turned in similar performances in october as well, meaning they so far are meeting their goals for the 2007 budget year that began oct. 1. "the services are starting off well," said maj. stewart upton, a pentagon spokesman. the progress in recruiting comes as u.s. pessimism over the iraq campaign mounts, according to a recent ap-ipsos poll. some 63 percent of americans said they don't expect a stable, democratic government to be established in iraq, up from 54 percent who felt that way in june. despite what the msm tells us, there are still scores of brave young men and women willing to stand tall and answer their nation's call.i salute each and every one of them.open post thanks to adam's blog, jo's cafe,  pirate's cove, bullwinkle blog, and  third world county.labels: media, msm, u.s. military



posted by jibtrim at 6:50 pm
 | 












about me

name:  jibtrim 
location:  1,510 feet amsl in the 530, california, united states 
i wanted to get a fake id when i was 17 so i could vote for reagan.
view my complete profile


subscribe toposts [atom]

 






prev
|
list
|
random
|
next
join
powered by ringsurf!









     

 
    


 




glenn reynolds says

"if it wasn't for the alliance, i'd be alan colmes!!!"

proud member of the alliance
the alliance










harbors of refuge


aids to navigation
abc news
access middle east
the american thinker
arts & letters daily
the asia times
bbc
camera
centcom
city journal
cnn
c-span
dafka
debkafile
dhimmi watch
drudge report
factcheck.org
the feedroom
foreign affairs magazine
fox news
frontpage
google news
victor davis hanson
hugh hewitt
honest reporting
imra
jihad watch
la times
london times
maariv
memri
msnbc news
national post
national review
newsisfree
newspaperindex.com
opinionjournal
realclearpolitics
sky
smarter times
mark steyn online
sydney morning herald
the telegraph
time
the times of india
town hall
upi
us news & world report
usa today
washington post
washington times
watching america
the weekly standard
yahoo

previous posts

u.s. turns control of international zone over to iraq
new focus
obama's plan to make america defenseless
dear mr. obama
biden takes credit for success in iraq
military meets, exceeds recruiting goals
use of unmanned drones in gwot
coast guard rated as top job for thrill seekers
navy eyes fighting in cyberspace
coast guard uses biometrics, identifies, detains o...

archives

june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
november 2006
december 2006
september 2008
december 2008
january 2009















 













