








sonoma county bed & breakfast | russian river lodging | sonoma wine country inn






























































 























skip to content








707-874-1047     

check availabilitycontactfind us 














 aboutthe innfresh breakfast dailymedia reviewsour bloggift certificateslodgingguest rooms & suitessonoma cottageada guest roomproperty mapdog-friendly roomspolicieswine barspecial offersgalleryeventsevent calendarwine & culinary eventssip & serenade wednesdaysweddings & receptionsproposalscorporate meetings & retreatspast eventsactivitiesthings to dorestaurantsabout occidentalsonoma countyblogamenitieswine barin-room massageunique wellness experiencesreservationsaboutthe innfresh breakfast dailymedia reviewsour bloggift certificateslodgingguest rooms & suitessonoma cottageada guest roomproperty mapdog-friendly roomspolicieswine barspecial offersgalleryeventsevent calendarwine & culinary eventssip & serenade wednesdaysweddings & receptionsproposalscorporate meetings & retreatspast eventsactivitiesthings to dorestaurantsabout occidentalsonoma countyblogamenitieswine barin-room massageunique wellness experiencesreservationsaboutthe innfresh breakfast dailymedia reviewsour bloggift certificateslodgingguest rooms & suitessonoma cottageada guest roomproperty mapdog-friendly roomspolicieswine barspecial offersgalleryeventsevent calendarwine & culinary eventssip & serenade wednesdaysweddings & receptionsproposalscorporate meetings & retreatspast eventsactivitiesthings to dorestaurantsabout occidentalsonoma countyblogamenitieswine barin-room massageunique wellness experiencesreservations 














 





“one of the top five wine country destinations.” –wine spectator 

























your time has arrived to relax and rejuvenate! 



 



 




welcomechristine gustafson2025-02-11t17:45:47-08:00

welcome to the sonoma wine country & russian river valley! the inn at occidental is located in the heart of sonoma county wine country in the tiny village of occidental, ca. the inn has close proximity to the best natural features of this mediterranean climate paradise: the spectacular pacific coast, the majestic redwoods, the lively russian river, and bountiful vineyards and farms of west sonoma county.  the inn is also conveniently close to many spots for eating, shopping, and participating in other favorite sonoma county activities that appeal to all types of visitors.
something for everyone
occidental is only an hour drive north of the golden gate bridge, and a quick ride to well-known sonoma county destinations such as healdsburg and bodega bay. centrally located to all four sonoma wine valleys – russian river valley, alexander valley, dry creek valley, and valley of the moon (sonoma valley) – the inn at occidental provides guests the opportunity to easily visit all the wine areas of interest.
historic and quaint bodega bay and the rugged sonoma coast are just a 20 minute drive away. there are 12 dramatic beaches between bodega bay and jenner to explore. hiking trails, cycling routes, golf, kayaking, and other outdoor adventures are also close by. be sure to take a walk around the charming downtown area in occidental for shopping, hearty and delicious food, and boheme cellars tasting room, all within a few steps of the inn. when you return from your day’s adventures, relax with a glass of wine at the inn’s own wine bar, on our veranda, in our living room next to the cozy fireplace, or in our lovely garden. the inn’s romance and charm will appeal in any season of the year.
wine tasting
plan to visit your favorite wineries or learn of new ones at https://wineroad.com. this website provides information on upcoming events. if you are interested in reserving a private tour, we have several companies we work with.

select a guest room
need help with accessibility? 
please visit our accessibility page for detailed information.

inn accessibility
sonoma cottage
our charming sonoma wine country cottage is both spacious and cozy. this two-bedroom vacation rental at inn at occidental is the best of both worlds. sonoma cottage is private, yet still convenient to the inn, just 38 feet away. offering guests 2,200 square feet of space to relax in, the cottage has all the comforts of home and is perfect for a family, travelers with pets, wedding lodging, and friends’ getaway to the sonoma wine country.
(see photos of sonoma cottage.)
trip advisor award
a sincere thank you to those who have contributed a review to trip advisor. we have recently been awarded a “certificate of excellence” because of your outstanding reviews!
journeys: this verdant west sonoma county town has your prescription for relaxation
written by julie zigoris @ the san francisco standard
“the cozy inn at occidental is nestled behind downtown’s main street among stands of redwoods with 16 guest rooms and a two-bedroom cottage.
this delightful bed-and-breakfast puts you within a stone’s throw of wineries, hiking and exploring.”




 
 





 our location
inn at occidental
3657 church street
(p.o. box 857)
occidental, ca 95465
tot 115 & 183

 

 get in touch
phone: 707-874-1047
email: innkeeper@innatoccidental.com
web: https://innatoccidental.com

thank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.×sign up to receive newsletter & special offers

click to submit 

 quick links
make a reservation
contact us
site map
privacy policy
accessibility statement

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2024	



 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





vacation in beautiful sonoma county, california sonoma wine country – lovely and diverse…
unspoiled pastoral countryside, dinner beside the california coast, and award-winning sonoma valley and napa valley wines – all in one county!
sonoma county is the quintessential wine country — sophistication and class without the attitude and crowds. here, rolling hills and peaceful country roads weave through family-owned vineyards as well as nationally known wineries. at 1,604 square miles, sonoma county is much larger than neighboring napa and offers more diverse activities to enjoy. relaxed and personal, sonoma lies closer to the sea and farther from the traffic.
the first home of wine production in northern california, sonoma county is also still the nation’s largest producer of quality wine. distinct wine valleys dot the countryside — russian river valley, alexander valley, dry creek valley, and the valley of the moon — each offering its own flavors and varietals, including many of the world’s best-known labels and appellations.
most of sonoma county’s 400+wineries are open to the public for tours and complimentary tastings.
just an hour north of san francisco, sonoma wine country is an elegant, but unpretentious, vacation destination. the county’s unspoiled natural beauty — vineyards, towering old-growth redwoods, the russian river, and the rugged california coastline — are just the beginning. a haven for artists, craftspeople, and chefs, sonoma county offers so much more than exceptional wine. during your sonoma wine country vacation, visit enjoy shopping in local art galleries, shops, and boutiques, pamper yourself with a massage or spa treatment, and experience some of the best dining in the country.

 






 
 
page load link

 

 




x

 










































































































go to top




