










nursing ceus online | free & affordable continuing education for nurses





















































skip to main content



































			          	nursing ceu 


nursing ceus
course bundles

arnp pharmacology

license renewals




			          	courses 


nursing ceu courses
case management ceu courses
occupational therapy ceu courses
state mandated ceu courses
physical therapy ceu courses
emt / paramedic ceu courses
ce courses with audio option



|



free ceus

|


accreditation
blog







			          	my account 


sign in
create account















					limited-time offer: $10 off cardiac patient care: coronary artery disease (cad)
|
special promotions
|
ce courses with audio





 
 





i work in nursing


i work in occupational therapy


i need state-mandated courses


i work in physical therapy


i work as an emt / paramedic




i work innursing


i work inoccupational therapy


i needstate-mandated courses


i work inphysical therapy


i work as anemt / paramedic



 
 






nursing ceu
continuing education for nurses
view courses now
how do i earn ceu?
latest deals and discounts


 
 








1 read course
2 pass test
3 pay & get instant certificate



 
 








cnes accepted nationwide.accredited ce provider since 1998.ancc accredited nationwide.




















ancc accredited provider #p0314
accepted in all 50 u.s. states and u.s. territories
electronic reporting to ce broker and pa dos for select courses




 
 










30 ancc hours nursing ceu package

get renewal-ready and enjoy deep discounts versus purchasing individual courses. get immediate access to our top-selling continuing education course. ancc-accredited provider. instant online certificates of completion. 

view course bundle now





case management ceus now available

wild iris medical education is pre-approved by the commission for case manager certification to provide continuing education credit to ccm board-certified case managers.

view courses




 
 







child abuse recognition and reporting in pennsylvania - act 31 (2 hours)

2-contact-hour training course for license renewal for all mandated reporters.approved by the pa department of human services, with 24-hour electronic reporting to the pennsylvania department of state (dos).


view pa state-mandated course





50% off - sexually transmitted infections (stis) and diseases (stds): a growing epidemic

nursing ceu course to care for patients at risk or with sexually transmitted infections. recognize signs and symptoms for stis; understand prevention based on the national strategic plan; and review treatment for chlamydia, gonorrhea, hpv, and syphilis. covers challenges in controlling the spread of stis and the impact of covid-19.

view course now - 50% off




 
 







clinical care for the heart failure patient

5-contact-hour online ceu course on clinical care for patients with heart failure. learn more about cardiac failure (formerly called congestive heart failure or chf), including the types, causes, signs, symptoms, treatment options, and cardiac rehabilitation. includes american heart association (aha) guidelines.

view course now






free nursing ceus

wild iris medical education offers two free nursing ceu courses for our new nurse customers. sexual harassment for 1 ancc contact hour and covid-19: the impact of a pandemic on mental health for 1 ancc contact hour.sign up now for your free online continuing education courses.

view details




 
 







get 10% off when you sign up for our newsletter


get special offers and discounts on our courses
receive important news and updates


subscribe





read our latest blog

wild iris medical education's new blog 'nursing management of prostate cancer' discusses understanding current, evidence-based interventions to support the patient’s impacted by prostate cancer and effects of treatment.

read blog now













customer favorites


wound care
one of our all-time bestselling courses. earn 10 contact hours and increase your knowledge about wound care assessment, treatment, and more! 
view course now


sexual harassment training
are you new to wild iris medical education? welcome! try out our website with this free nursing ceu course.
view course now






top nursing ceu course categories


infection control
flu and covid-19 season is still going strong! stay up to date on infection control issues with various nursing ceu courses.
view courses


elder health/gerontology
earn nursing ceus online in elderly care and geriatric topics. alzheimer’s disease, older adult and geriatric care, end-of-life care, and our 10-contact-hour continuing education course elder care
view courses










why choose us?


 
 





leading ce provider since 1998





ancc accredited nationwide





certified woman-owned




















lyn edington, rn
this is an excellent course!i am insisting that all of my nurses take it. pertinent for ambulatory care nurses in allergy and immunization, triage and when working with medical providers. well done!




 
 






join us and become one of our million+ satisfied customers today!

high-quality, accredited, evidenced-based continuing education courses in an easy-to-use format designed for learning, from wild iris medical education. we've been providing online ce since 1998.


view courses now



 
 





latest news and updates





february 2025
support american heart month


february marks american heart month. not only do we celebrate our sweethearts this month on valentine’s day; it’s also a great time of year to commit to a heart-healthy lifestyle. 

heart disease is the leading cause of death for men and women in the united states. but just small changes in diet and exercise can lead to long-lasting improvements in your patient’s lives. 

we offer our cardiac patient care: coronary artery disease course at a $10 discount throughout february. 

stay heart-healthy and get up to date on heart disease to best educate your patients! 




					











nursing ceu


 
 







get your instant certificate on any device
earn your nursing continuing education credits right now.  whether you’re using a computer, tablet, or a smartphone, it's easy to take a course from wild iris medical education!

select and read one of our nursing ceu courses
take the test as many times as you need to pass
register and pay for your instant certificate of completion

create your personal account to keep track of all your continuing education courses. our system is fast, convenient, and secure. get started now!









accepted by all u.s. nursing boards
wild iris medical education accredited by the american nurses credentialing center (ancc) to offer continuing education for nurses throughout the united states. all state nursing boards in the u.s. accept our ancc accredited nurse ceu courses.  in addition to our nationwide accreditation, we are also approved to offer state-mandated nursing continuing education courses, which are required by many u.s. states.

ancc accredited provider
accepted in all 50 u.s. states
state-mandated ce courses










wide variety of nurse ceu course topics!
whether you are a nurse practitioner, advanced practice registered nurse, registered nurse, licensed practical nurse, licensed vocational nurse, or other type of nurse, we are confident you will find many interesting subjects in our nursing ceu course list that will spark your interest as you earn your nursing continuing education contact hours for license renewal. and since many u.s. states mandate that nurses take specific continuing education courses, we also offer a wide variety of state-mandated nursing ceu courses.








abuse, neglect, violence
alternative and complementary medicine
bundles/nursing ceu courses
cancer/oncology
cardiovascular/cardiology
critical care
emergency nursing








endocrinology
ethical/ethics and legal issues
free nursing ceus
gerontology
home health
hospice and end-of life
infection control
iv therapy








laboratory and diagnostic
neonatal nursing
neurology and stroke
new courses
leadership and management
nutrition and weight management
orthopedic nursing
pain management and opioids










pediatric nursing
perioperative nursing
pharmacy/pharmacology
pregnancy/obgyn
professional issues and nursing management
psychiatric/mental health
rehabilitation
respiratory and pulmonary








sexuality
state-mandated courses
substance abuse/addiction
telephone triage/telehealth
urology/male health
workplace safety



















up-to-date, high-quality nursing ceus
we provide you with current, accurate, high-quality nursing continuing education courses through our convenient online format to help you succeed in your nursing career. your role as a nurse is one of the most challenging and important occupations in our society. when you are up-to-date on the latest medical information about disease, treatment, precautions, and practices, your patients will receive better care and they will have better medical outcomes.









board of nursing license renewal requirements for nurses
our license renewal information section contains a list of states, with details on state license renewal requirements for each of them. also included is information on ce requirements for nursing licenses and additional license expiration and renewal dates. look up details on california, new york, ohio, pennsylvania and many more. 

includes detailed information on 39 states
links to external related information for each state
easy, convenient, and quick to use













providing excellent ce since 1998





back to top







providing excellent ce since 1998







about
contact
faq
reviews







wild iris medical educationquality ce made simple


linkedin

instagram
facebook






courses for

nurses
nurse practitioners
case managers
state-mandated
occupational therapists
physical therapists
emt/paramedics





accounts

sign in
create an account
personal accounts
group accounts
help





accreditation

all professions
nursing
state-mandated
occupational therapy
physical therapy
emt/paramedic





about

our company
our team
authors
customer reviews
customer service
services and benefits
privacy policy
security
get our newsletter

25 year anniversary












© wild iris medical education, inc.
terms of service | copyright policy | medical disclaimer | legal disclaimer



































