








ron kaplan | singer and actor out on loan . . .





































ron kaplan
singer and actor out on loan . . .


menu
skip to content
home
singer

biography
singing videos


actor

acting resume
acting portfolio


kapland records

logo
retro – 1997-2007 retrospective
singing the great american songbook
new york
lounging around redux 2006
saloon
jazz ambassadors
dedicated
lounging around
high standards


photo gallery
links

r.k. links


archive

advertisement archive

“new york” feinstein’s advertisement
“new york” advertisement
“new york” advertisement 2
“lounging around redux 2006” advertisement
jazz times advertisement for “lounging around redux 2006”
“saloon” advertisement
“saloon” advertisement 2
downbeat advertisement for “jazz ambassadors”
jazz times advertisement for “jazz ambassadors” and “dedicated”
“dedicated” advertisement


video archive
radio interview archive
newsletters


every now and zen press
contact
 







home





ron kaplan is an original personality in the world of jazz vocalists and he has managed to put his name into that previously closed inner circle. he has breathed new life into it by the sheer force of his style,     for as you know,   “the style is the man himself”. the velvet crooner and the elegant power of his seemingly casual phrasing is in fact, ultra-tight and perfectly seductive.
jean szlamowicz, jazz hot



what you have here is one of the most original singers to come along in quite some time from the jazz singing school of mark murphy and tony bennett polished off with some unique and handy swinging.
in tune international



kaplan can be linked to the vocalist of the past who merged the jazz esthetic with the melodic popular element to produce music that appealed to both camps. his light-handed approach and easy singing style are qualities that make him a very likeable commodity.
cadence



the heart and soul of a mature vocalist and leader…
jazz improv magazine



kaplan phrases with sophisticated ease at any tempo.
jazztimes magazine



this is one male vocalist destined to become one of the greats in the field. ron kaplan is the genuine article.
d. david dreis



jazz singers come and go; few have staying power. kaplan is one you can bet will be around for some time. first he’s a true jazz singer who knows his way around a tune,     swinging in the irreverent manner that made singers like mark murphy,   jackie paris and mel torme stars. kaplan’s a musician first and foremost using his voice as an integral part of the jazz mode.
rapport



ron has superb command of a warm and flexible baritone that literally cocoons the listener within the cozy atmosphere of images it creates.
jazz quad



http://ronkaplan.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/alfie-web.mp3










				proudly powered by wordpress			
















