




your trusted personal matchmaker | valentine matchmaking






























































skip to content











valenti





personal matchmaking
for men
for women
our storyexpand


why valenti
our process


book a consultation
blog
 





















valenti





toggle menu



























we may have your forever love just around the corner.
with over 35 years of matchmaking success, our valenti secret recipe has become the trusted choice for discerning individuals who won’t settle for less.
i invite you to discover a journey that words alone cannot capture—an experience that transforms lives.
irene valenti, matchmaker / relationship coach
learn more




lavish lifestyles and opulent luxuries mean little when you don’t have the right person to share them with. let us help you find that person.




extraordinary meets extraordinary
personalized matchmaking crafted just for you
every aspect of your journey with valenti matchmaking is designed to be as unique as you are. with a 90% success rate of clients finding happy, stable marriages, our trusted team uses a proven process that blends personalized consultations, a proprietary compatibility system, and discreet introductions to create meaningful connections.let us guide you through this transformative, life-changing experience to find lasting love.
learn more about our process



for men



for women





from your first consultation to your last first date, the valenti experience is a proprietary process, bespoke in nature.
every step of your journey is designed to reflect your individuality, combining personalized attention with a proven methodology that leads to lasting love.
we invite you to discover the valenti difference for yourself and take the first step toward a meaningful connection.
do i qualify?












our story
rooted in european tradition
“when i founded valenti matchmaking in 1990, the business model didn’t exist. many of my friends, like you, had achieved incredible success professionally but struggled to find the same fulfillment in their personal lives. i was inspired to create a solution—a private, genuine, and highly selective process designed to connect high-caliber single men and women. decades later, i am proud to say this vision has led to countless enduring love stories.”
– irene valenti, founder
read more



we all come into the dating process with different expectations and, clearly, there are no guarantees when it comes to love. but valenti international provides the foundation for finding love, and holds your hand throughout the process! i’m impressed – and grateful!– female client, age 54
i have been so impressed by the care and attention irene valenti and her team provide that i was compelled to comment. all of my matches have been well thought-out by irene and her team. they listen, they care – and they deliver. – male client, age 62
irene, thank you for listening. i can’t stop thinking about her. we just clicked. – male client, age 43




 the gold standard in private matchmaking
for 35 years, the world’s most attractive and eligible singles have trusted valenti matchmaking to help them find their life partner. our discreet and highly selective process has successfully matched exceptional individuals, including millionaires, billionaires, celebrities, models, entrepreneurs, philanthropists, and professionals, all seeking sincere and lasting partnerships.our diverse clientele spans all ages, cultures, and backgrounds worldwide—each united by a shared desire for meaningful connection and lifelong love.
learn more




contact us

 by phone: 619-997-9239


 by phone: 
619-997-9239

arrange a private consultation 
complete our preliminary confidential questionnaire  
privacy and discretion guaranteed.









 





facebook
x
instagram
youtube
linkedin

about us
blog
contact us
privacy policy



© 2024 all rights reserved. valenti international®



















personal matchmaking
for men
for women
our storytoggle child menuexpand


why valenti
our process


book a consultation
blog
 









