







temple bnai shalom |

























address: 15 fern road 
east brunswick nj 08816 
phone: 732.251.4300 
 





navigation


home
about ushistory
clergy
tbs board

worshipsabbath
holiday
lifecycle events

learningreligious school
adult education
daniel pearl education center

communitylegacy circle
tbs social action
sisterhood
men's club
renaissance
youth groups
tbs cash bingo
tbs room rental

membership
gallery
calendar
contact
 





















                                    shalom and welcome to the temple b’nai shalom website!

                                    temple b’nai shalom is a welcoming, uplifting and inclusive reform congregation   dedicated to enriching the lives of our congregants through worship, education,  community, social action and support of the jewish people and israel. in these ways, we hope to make our love and study of judaism our guide through the challenges of  modern life.









 
 

























 













 





 






      letter from the rabbi    

in the talmud we read that the mission of a synagogue encompasses three areas: prayer, study and community.beit midrash: a house of study. we educate our children in the customs, rituals and values of judaism, passing on jewish tradition to the next generation. we join together as adults to explore the wisdom of judaism and seek ways to apply jewish teachings to our lives.t’fliah:  a house of prayer. at temple b’nai shalom, we worship together on shabbat and holidays. our services are participatory and musical, providing spiritual uplift and renewal.beit kenesset:  a house of gathering. as a temple community, we celebrate in times of joy, support one another in times of need and join together to create bonds of friendship and community.above all, a temple is a bayit, a house, a place to be at home, where each of us is welcomed and valued.for those of you who are not members of b’nai shalom, i would love to have the opportunity to speak with you about our temple. i encourage you to call me at 732-251-4300 or send an email to: srrabbi@bnaishalom.comshalom, rabbi eric eisenkramer 





 



















 






 



 





 


 











temple newletter
sign up for the temple's weekly newletter
sign up

 







igive.com
support our temple by registering at igive and begin shopping over 1,700 retailers today!
sign up today at igive.com (temple b'nai shalom (east brunswick, new jersey))
it's free and it's easy!
sign up to save

 







lifelong learning
offering various type of religious education for all members of the family
 read more 
 







legacy circle
temple b'nai shalom  matters today, tomorrow and forever
become a member of the b'nai shalom legacy circle and help ensure the future of our synagogue.

read more 
 















union for reform judaism we are a member of the union for reform judaism (urj) and are identified as a traditional reform congregation. ,  
 
















    2017 © temple bnai shalom, east brunswick nj. all rights reserved.  
 








 
 


 
