




  






west la chamber of commerce - west los angeles chamber of commerce, ca
























 


























































































west los angeles chamber of commerce














 toggle navigation   


































































west los angeles chamber of commerce








join now
member login

events

calendar 
photo gallery



about us

mission statement
history
leadership
networking
advocacy



membership

member benefits
membership levels
marketing material


contact us
























































if you’re looking for networking and business resources,
you’re in the right place!
the west los angeles chamber of commerce (wlacc) is an active nonprofit organization whose purpose is to promote the business interests of west los angeles. the chamber offers a wide range of programs, including seminars, events, networking, and charitable opportunities. we endeavor to be recognized as the preeminent advocate and partner for businesses in southern california.

























mark your calendar



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.














view all events »












































learn more

















networking



the west los angeles chamber of commerce is dedicated to providing opportunities for business owners to interact with each other as well as with leaders in the community. every event that the wlacc hosts or is involved with has a networking aspect to it. we believe...
read more »














advocacy



pro-business, pro-community - the west los angeles chamber of commerce is committed to ensuring that our government is aware of the needs of west los angeles business owners and residents. the wlacc takes an active role in researching and communicating about the issues that directly affect our members, such as...
read more »














west la resources



the west los angeles community consists of several communities with diverse people involved in business, charity, civic, clergy, consulate, cultural, educational, entertainment, medical, political, recreational and residential activities. on this page you’ll find links to important west la community resources...
read more »




































member sign-up



wanting to become and active member of the chamber of commerce? sign up today and start receiving the wide variety of benefit! 
sign up now!
















member log-in



want to gain access to your profile? click the link below to sign-in and see all your account details! 
 


log-in now!
































































































































































 west los angeles chamber of commerce

  907 westwood blvd suite # 222, los angeles, ca 90024

  310.400.6009

  info@westlachamber.org























© copyright 2025 west los angeles chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.

















 


