





hawaii teacher standards board - home









 





toggle navigation












state of hawaiʻi
hawaiʻi teacher standards board















create an account / log in 









toggle navigation








htsb home

license and permit information 
                        


license and permit information
renewing your license
add a teaching field
licensure tests
htsb forms
changing your name



standards 
                        


code of ethics:                   adopted june 4, 2018
content area standards
teacher performance standards
school counselor performance standards
librarian performance standards
preparation program performance standards



hawaii preparation programs 
                        


hawaii preparation programs
hawaii provider resources
title ii annual reporting



about us 
                        


mission and vision
our board
our staff
board meeting information
board new business items
reports



professional fitness 
                        


professional fitness information
professional fitness manual
reporting allegations of educator misconduct
disciplinary actions


contact information
faqs

resources 
                        


how to guides/who to contact
hawaii revised statute and hawaii administrative rules
hawaii public charter schools
hawaiian culture, history, and language resources
national board certification
model code of ethics for educators
informational videos









sunday, february 16, 2025 12:16 am









what are you here to do?





apply / renew teaching license
license / permit information



update my information
update my profile



get help
faqs
contact htsb













 public license search



find a licensed teacher in the state of hawaii.




            last name
            
                    








            first name
            
                    











search


                                the validity and status of a hawaii license, permit, or certificate can be verified using this public search.
                            





                            htsb has received reports that the public search feature is not working on some computers. 
                            our website support team has informed us that this issue can be resolved by verifying that your browser
                            is up to date and running the most recent version. they have also notified us that clearing “cache images and files” 
                            as well as “cookies and other site data” are other ways to resolve the issue. we have confirmed that these 
                            browsers are currently working with our site: safari, firefox and chrome.
                        







 recent htsb announcements





doe personnel form 16b questions?
if you have any questions about your form 16b, please contact hidoe teacher reclassification: teacher.reclassification@k12.hi.us or 808-441-8383. this is a hawaii doe form not an htsb form. the hawaii doe recently sent all teachers their personnel form 16b.  we have become aware that the form does not include current license data.  you can check your...






license renewals for standard and advanced licenses begin january 1, 2025
the hawaiʻi teacher standards board (htsb) license renewal cycle starts on january 1, 2025. notifications will be sent to the teachers email address on file with the htsb whose standard or advanced license will expire on june 30, 2025. htsb encourages teachers to submit their online renewal application as soon as possible by logging in...






02/13/2025
12/05/2024


see all announcements











hawaiʻi teacher standards board - all rights reserved.

































