



criminal justice & security institute of virginia











criminal justice & security institute of virginia

	      757-872-4132
		dcjs #88-1503









 main menu


home
entry level training
in-service training
unarmed security officer
arrest authority
armed security officer
private investigator
scop
bail bondsman
bail enforcement agent

calendar
eligibility requirements
student enrollment 
			  form
faqs
contact us



 
			announcements

			any student needing additional additional copies of 
			completion forms and certificates will be charged $10 per form.

			range fees are included in the cost of all firearms training.  
			student firearm rentals are available for $5.00 per gun,the student must use our ammo.

			any student wishing to qualify with more than one handgun will be 
			charged an additional $10 per handgun.
 

go to calendar
 
			off-site training
cjsi-va can also train your personnel at your location for a nominal fee.  
			a minimum number of students and a minimum eight day notification 
			prior to the class is required.  
			please contact us for details.

contact us







professional instruction



our instructors provide years of practical experience in a 
				  professional classroom setting.  contact us for more 
				  information.







on-site shooting range




				  cjsi-va is the only school in the area with an on-site indoor 
				  shooting range.  co-location of 
				  cjsi-va and the marksman range saves you time and 
				  money.   
				








introduction


the criminal justice & security institute 
		  of virginia (cjsi-va)  provides training under the regulatory 
		  standards of the virginia department of 
		  criminal justice services (dcjs).
cjsi-va is the only dcjs accredited school in the hampton roads 
			  area featuring classroom and range training in one convenient 
			  location.
dcjs training provided includes:
unarmed security guards
armed security guards
private investigators
special conservators of the peace
bail bondsman
bail enforcement agents


additional training available includes:
asp/baton/monadnock training 
oc pepper spray
first aid
cpr - aed
civilian concealed weapons courses also provided through 
					the marksman. 
				  click here for cwc schedule. preregistration is required. call 757-872-4130.






about us



the criminal justice and security institute of 
		  virginia (cjsi-va) is licensed by the virginia department of criminal justice 
		  services, a regulatory agency of the 
		  commonwealth of virginia, to offer courses of instruction for 
		  armed and unarmed security officers, private investigators, special 
		  conservators of the peace, bail bondsmen, and bail enforcement agents.

the mission of the virginia department of 
		  criminal justice services (dcjs) is to provide comprehensive planning and 
		  state of the art technical and support services for the criminal 
		  justice system to improve and promote public safety in the 
		  commonwealth. as a licensed training facility, cjsi-va is committed to providing the 
		  training necessary to facilitate this mission and provide a service to 
		  the community.

the cjsi-va partners and instructors have over 
		  125 years combined experience in military and civilian security. 
		  cjsi-va pledges to continue the top quality training you 
		  have come to expect.  our 
		  focus is on serving the public safety by working with the security 
		  industry, corporate clients, and 
		  individuals with an emphasis on customizing our training schedules to 
		  meet your needs.
		   





 copyright 2022  © criminal justice & security institute of virginia dcjs #88-1503. all rights reserved. 
      www.cjsi-va.com


 





