














home - north american lighting






























































home
events

open interviews
ces 2020
ces 2019


company

mission & vision
products
innovation
supplier documents


news

news
mobility now! podcast


locations

corporate headquarters
indiana tool plant
illinois equipment plant
silicon valley lab
farmington hills, mi technical center
paris, il plant
flora, il plant
mattoon service plant
muscle shoals, al plant
salem, il plant


careers

all job openings
hourly job openings
open interviews
benefits
internships
apprenticeships


contact
 


select page


  
 
 

















2025 scholarships for excellence

feb 12, 2025applications for the $1,000  scholarships for excellence are due friday, april 4, 2025.
read more




nal receives illinois workforce excellence award

oct 30, 2024nal is honored to be recognized for our commitment to our existing workforce and efforts to inspire the next generation of manufacturers.
read more




nal awards nearly $30,000 in scholarships to local students

jul 22, 2024nal awards 29 scholarships worth $1,000 each to high school seniors planning to pursue a degree in engineering, technology or business.
read more












the history of nal’s first forty years
discover the innovations, milestones, and dedication that have made us leaders in automotive lighting technology and design. join us in celebrating this remarkable milestone and see how nal has been lighting the way for the automotive industry.




















headquartered in tokyo, japan, koito manufacturing is the parent company of north american lighting. as a koito group company, nal operates according to kaizen management principles, which means we manage, measure and improve everything we do. that’s how in 40 short years, nal has grown to become the leading tier one supplier of automotive lighting systems in north america.








our vision is to dramatically improve roadway safety by developing innovative lighting technologies that enhance driver vision and response time. we are a team continuously working to bring our vision to light.



















with ten facilities in north america, our people are our greatest asset. nal is hiring engineers, supervisors, trainees, manufacturers, interns and a whole lot more!












follow us
























comments box svg iconsused for the like, share, comment, and reaction icons



no more posts






















where innovation & technology come to light.see what's ahead.



 








©2015-2024 north american lighting, inc. | a koito group company 
 north american lighting, inc. (nal) is a koito group company. nal is the leading producer of innovative automotive lighting systems in north america. 

nal is an equal opportunity employer.
 



home
careers
contact
privacy policy
environmental policy
social responsibility policy
 






facebook




instagram


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 






pin it on pinterest


 



























