








home - couples research







































skip to content








couples research
research to strengthen couples and families



homeabout usagapécovid19 studycovid19 tips: couplescovid19 tips: familiescurrent studiesmeasuresthe pair program





 
the rogge lab
providing cutting-edge resources to individuals, couples, families, researchers, clinicians and therapists.


























 
couples meditations 
based on his recent work, dr. rogge just developed a series of 7 meditations that couples can do together. they are available as an online course. the meditations:

take only about 16 minutes each
help you reconnect
relieve stress together
prioritize your relationship
approach each other with loving kindness
cultivate gratitude for one another
coupon code to save 20%: wxxi



try the meditations


 













since 1993






research interests
couples/family researcher: ron rogge is a clinical faculty member whose research focuses on understanding dynamics within romantic relationships and families. he is piloting brief interventions to strengthen families and relationships.
sex and sexuality researcher: dr. rogge has a number of projects examining sexual activity, sexual orientation diversity, and diverse relationship structures (including consensual non-monogamy).
mindfulness / psychological flexibility researcher. dr. rogge has also been increasingly incorporating mindfulness and psychological flexibility into his studies on couples and families.
examining treatment processes. finally, dr. rogge is currently developing the mindflex assessment system to provide psychological flexibility/mindfulness profiles to clinicians and therapists using mindfulness or act-based interventions.































 
relationship processes 
his specific research projects span an array of topics:

sexual activity / responsiveness / ability to orgasm
emotional support / negative conflict
mindfulness / psychological flexibility
relationship awareness / gratitude
parenting styles / attitudes
partner responsiveness
acts of compassionate love

 








intimacy and mindfulness 

sex and sexuality
pornography use
correlates of online partner-seeking

dating websites
tinder, grindr


psychological flexibility and mindfulness
subconscious (implicit) attitudes

 





























 
basic studies 
our basic research studies examine how

individual factors (e.g., neuroticism, anger, aggressiveness, depression, anxiety, alcohol use)
couples behavior with each other (e.g., communication, empathy, forgiveness, social support, sexuality, humor, partner aggression, coparenting dynamics, parenting styles)
environmental factors (e.g., life stress, socio-economic status, demographics, neighborhood dilapidation, neighborhood cohesion)
implicit attitudes (e.g., subconscious attitudes toward a partner or family member that can shape the course of relationships)
health behaviors/factors (e.g., exercise, diet, sleep hygiene)

collectively contribute to the development of relationship and family health and discord.
 




















applied studies 
in addition, our research also explores methods of preventing marital and family discord through interventions designed to strengthen relationships and families.

the care program: compassionate and accepting relationships through empathy. the care program is a 5-session group workshop i developed with tom bradbury as an extension of ibct. care has been shown to reduce rates of divorce over the first 3 years of marriage (rogge et. al., 2013).
the pair program: promoting awareness, improving relationships. the pair program is an innovative approach that encourages couples to use popular media (movies and tv shows) as a method of easing into discussions of their own relationships. pair offered comparable 3-year benefits to those seen with the care and prep programs, cutting the divorce rate in half over the early years of marriage (rogge et al., 2013)

 













the reflect program: reflecting to enrich family life and enhance coparental teamwork. the reflect program builds on the findings with pair, extending this innovative approach to the task of strengthening families. thus, reflect encourages coparents to use popular media (movies and tv shows) as a method of easing into parenting discussions. a recent pilot study in 36 families suggested that in comparison to a no-treatment control group, families completing reflect discussions demonstrated more adaptive coparenting (greater cooperation and support) and greater use of adaptive parenting strategies.
the mindflex assessment project. in collaboration with kelly wilson and jaci rolffs, i developed a new scale (the mpfi) which assesses the dimensions of flexibility and inflexibility targeted within acceptance and commitment therapy. we are now conducting a study to develop an online service that will generate flexibility profiles for therapists after their clients have completed short online assessments that include the mpfi. we hope that the mindflex profiles generated

will help therapists more clearly understand the strengths and challenges that individual clients bring into treatment
will also help therapists track change over the course of treatment.






















the studies




 
to explore these research interests, dr. rogge has

conducted a project in his own lab that followed 303 newlywed couples on a yearly basis over the first four years of marriage
conducted a joint project with dr. reis following 175 newlywed couples over the first 18 months of marriage
developed and implemented an innovative program of online research comprised of a series of over 20 large-scale online research projects that have collected data from over 35,000 online respondents, augmenting his laboratory studies of romantic relationships and families.

dr. rogge and his students typically use advanced multivariate statistical techniques (e.g., item response theory, hierarchical linear modeling, structural equation modeling, latent class analysis, multilevel sem) to examine the relationships between sets of variables being examined.
 

























	copyright © 2025 couples research — velux wordpress theme by godaddy










