









chattanooga bed & breakfast in lookout mountain, ga | chanticleer inn























































 















aboutabout the innbreakfastgallerypress roompoliciesgift certificatesjoin our teamroomssee all roomsdouble bedded queensqueen & queen deluxesking & king deluxessuites, cottage deluxes & the cottageproperty layoutpackagesexplorethings to dodiningblogaboutabout the innbreakfastgallerypress roompoliciesgift certificatesjoin our teamroomssee all roomsdouble bedded queensqueen & queen deluxesking & king deluxessuites, cottage deluxes & the cottageproperty layoutpackagesexplorethings to dodiningblogbook nowcall ushomeaboutabout usbreakfastgallerypress roomgift certificatesjoin our teamguest roomsdeluxe cottagedouble bedded queen guest roomsking & king deluxe guest roomsqueen & queen deluxe guest roomssuites, cottage deluxe rooms & the cottageproperty layoutexplorethings to doactivities3-day itinerarydiningpackagescontact & directionspoliciesemail usbook nowcall ushomeaboutabout usbreakfastgallerypress roomgift certificatesjoin our teamguest roomsdeluxe cottagedouble bedded queen guest roomsking & king deluxe guest roomsqueen & queen deluxe guest roomssuites, cottage deluxe rooms & the cottageproperty layoutexplorethings to doactivities3-day itinerarydiningpackagescontact & directionspoliciesemail usbook now

a luxury bed and breakfast only minutes from chattanooga tnwelcome to chanticleer inn bed & breakfastour distinguished, luxury bed and breakfast is conveniently located just 10 minutes from downtown chattanooga, tennessee. many of the guests at our inn enjoy making a day out of visiting some of the many chattanooga area attractions, including rock city, the incline railway, ruby falls, the cravens house, chattanooga-area museums, cumberland caverns, and much more.  shopping is abundant in chattanooga, whether it is at the unique warehouse row, north shore area, & several antique shops.  once you’ve found keepsakes of your chattanooga area vacation, bring them all back to our luxury bed and breakfast in lookout mountain to admire your purchases. more about usluxurious guest rooms20 rooms choicesenjoy the finest luxury lodging in lookout mountain at chanticleer inn! our romantic accommodations are uniquely decorated with each one offering something different from another. select rooms at our chattanooga bed and breakfast feature small refrigerators stocked with complimentary water and soft drinks. if you are looking for a romantic place to stay in chattanooga, consider our accommodations that feature a whirlpool tub, or an electric or gas fireplace.see roomsnot your grandmother's victorian b&bwhat we offerpackages & extraslet us add a special touch to your chattanooga vacation with our packages and extras!see all specialsour signature breakfast  you can start your day with one of our delicious options and enjoy your meal while taking in the beautiful views of the chanticleer inn. see moretennessee/ georgia travel blogread our blog to learn about local events, travel tips and ways to maximize your vacation to chattanooga, tennessee and lookout mountain, georgia!!read our bloggive the gift of chanticleer innbuy nowthe areawhat to see & dowith so many exciting attractions and things to do in chattanooga close by, chanticleer inn is the perfect place to stay! our bed and breakfast is near many wonderful opportunities for dining, all of the cultural activities in the area, great shopping, and the scenic beauty of the lookout mountain and chattanooga areas. for more information about specific events, please see the chattanooga area convention and visitor’s bureau website, and for some great ideas on how to spend your chattanooga vacation, browse our fun- packed sample 3-day itinerary.







join our newslettersubscribe to our newsletter to learn more about upcoming events and specials in the area. 

email *  required

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  















contact & directionsjoin our teammedia requestprivacy & accessibility1300 mockingbird lane, lookout mountain, ga 30750info@stayatchanticleer.com(706) 820-2002copyright © 2020 chanticleer inn bed & breakfast. all rights reserved. | simple software for innkeepers by odysys









give the gift ofchanticleer innbuy now






























