










knoxville’s premier jewelry store | kimball’s jewelers
























































  













6464 kingston pike, knoxville open: tuesday - friday 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and saturday 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.     closed: sunday and monday




rolex
bridal
brands we carryrolexkonstantinoarmentadavid yurmantudors kashimikimotomichael mroberto coinhenri daussimarco bicegojude franceslagosomi privèthree stories jewelryluventemonica rich kosanncarl f bucherergumuchianvision of the crossspryngskimball's jewelersdashing diamondszeghani by gdeakin & francistritonrudolf friedmanndsjulius klein-diamondsjewels by jacobgottlieb & sonsfrederick goldmanfj kashidianauneekexclusively sold at kimball's
servicescustom jewelry designjewelry repair / cleaning / maintenance3-d printing technologylaser engraving capabilitiesamerican gem society appraisalstrade in / trade upwarrantiespersonal conciergepersonal shopping experience
customer educationdiamondsglossarygemological institute of americaamerican gem society
who we areour historyour team
contact
events


(865) 584-0026
rolexbridalbrands we carryrolexkonstantinoarmentadavid yurmantudors kashimikimotomichael mroberto coinhenri daussimarco bicegojude franceslagosomi privèthree stories jewelryluventemonica rich kosanncarl f bucherergumuchianvision of the crossspryngskimball's jewelersdashing diamondszeghani by gdeakin & francistritonrudolf friedmanndsjulius klein-diamondsjewels by jacobgottlieb & sonsfrederick goldmanfj kashidianaservicescustom jewelry designjewelry repair / cleaning / maintenance3-d printing technologylaser engraving capabilitiesamerican gem society appraisalstrade in / trade upwarrantiespersonal conciergepersonal shopping experiencecustomer educationdiamondsglossarygemological institute of americaamerican gem societywho we areour historyour teamcontactevents



the kimball's experiencesince our very first customer, service and satisfaction have been our number one priority—and we’re honored to continue that tradition for generations to come. our history is rich with passion and a love for creating beautiful things for fantastic people.read more

            your browser does not support the video tag.
learn morelearn morebrands we carry

view all brandsour servicesyour kimball’s experience is customized to your unique wants, needs, and most luxurious jewelry dreams. whether you’re looking to craft a contemporary custom piece or restore a family heirloom for a new generation, our team is passionate about delivering caring, personalized service.custom jewelry designjewelry repair / cleaning / maintenance3-d printing technologylaser engraving capabilitiesamerican gem society appraisalstrade in / trade upwarrantiespersonal conciergepersonal shopping experiencepersonalized shopping experienceexceptional service means making the most of your kimball’s experience before, during, and after your visit. simply schedule one-on-one time with a seasoned jewelry professional prior to coming into the store.book your personalized shopping experience nowcontact one of our jewelry professionals at sales@kimballsjewelers.com if you’d like to continue the discussion. we’re here to help.our links :-rolexbridalbrands we carryservicescustomer educationwho we arecontactprivacy policyfollow us :-facebookinstagrammy accountnewsletter signup :-

footer formemailsubmit 

this site is being monitored by one or more third-party monitoring software(s), and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service. you may opt-out from the data that https://dashboard-datatracker.com is collecting on your visit through a universal consumer options page located at https://dashboard-datatracker.com/unsub/unsub.html
copyright © 2025 kimball's jewelers all rights reserved
 














asteriskcloseclock-omap-markerchevron-leftchevron-rightphonefacebookbarscaret-rightangle-downinstagramshopping-baguser-circlemenuchevron-down




manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.privacy policy.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





rlx category name


rlx label







rlx description




marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent



































 


























