












#1 best trade show models & promotional models
















































































 


client login
talent login



315.350.3058










find talent
events
get a quote
faqs
about

about us
reviews
blog


talent sign up
 









15 years of experience
find and book dynamic trade show models.
for exhibitors that demand professional, reliable and dynamic booth staffing.  get rates and hire trade show models in an instant.

search







national restaurant showfind talent


natural products expo westfind talent


promatfind talent


infocommfind talent









our services


trade show staffing
whether it’s to draw traffic to your booth, scan badges, or answer attendee questions, find a trade show model that’s the right fit for your show. view a list of popular trade show staffing roles.
find staffing



trade show modelsbooth models generate leads and attract potential clients and customers to the booth. 


booth hostessesa trade show hostess will greet and engage show attendees, promote your company’s brand, product, or service. 


product demonstratorseducate attendees on your unique selling point and product features.










15+
years of experience
thousands of clients have trusted vantage with their trade show model needs! 










trade show staffing


what do trade show models and booth hostesses do?
a trade show models primary role is attract and engage with event attendees, creating a positive customer experience.  here are some of the tasks and responsibilities they can assist with:

welcome and greet attendees 
pre-qualify leads
scan badges
pass out promotional materials
run games at the booth
demonstrate products
answer basic questions


get a quote






main reason to choose us
why exhibitors choose to work with vantage trade show talent




30 day cancellationwe get it, plans change. that’s why we offer free cancellations up to 30 days before an event. 


book models online anytimedon’t wait on us, find & book models right on our website anytime!


no show guaranteeit doesn’t happen often, but in the unlikely event a model needs to cancel, we’ll help you find a similar or better model.









contact us


need trade show staffing services?


call to ask any question315.350.3058


get a quote






testimonials
why people are choosing vantage for trade show models










“jessica was great and very helpful, especially at such a large event. she did a great job picking up on what we do, engaging with visitors as they walked up, and answering basic questions before passing them off to one of us for more complex/technical questions.”
seanimtschicago, il








“yudie was terrific, i really enjoyed working with her. she hopped in, was enthusiastic, smart, people enjoyed interacting with her as customers – and we liked working with her. this was a first time working with someone, so wasn’t sure what to expect, but am happy to say i’d definitely rely on booth staff again.”
beththe global produce and floral showorlando, fl








“jennifer was great! she’s professional, kind, extremely helpful and does a good job. we liked that she had experience and takes initiative with certain tasks. we would definitely hire her again and look forward to hiring future trade show talent with vantage!”
frankpack expolas vegas, nv







markets
find local trade show models







 
las vegas




 
orlando




 
new york city




 
chicago




 
atlanta





view cities












faq


frequently asked questions
we know you may have questions about booking trade show models from how much it cost, to sharing your important talking points with the talent. don’t see your question answered, let us know how vantage can help.
get a quote



how much does it cost to hire a trade show model?
the cost to book a trade show model or booth hostess ranges from $35 – $65 per hour. booth models do set their own market rates. pricing varies depending on the size of the trade show, the event location and the experience level of the hostess. 

what is your cancellation policy?
once you complete a booking, you have 48 hours to cancel for a full refund. after that, cancellations made more than 30 full days before the start of an event, will receive a full refund. cancellations made between 7-29 full days before the start of an event, will be charged 50 % of the booking fee; and cancellations made less than 7 days before a the start of an event, will be charged the full amount. a cancellation request can be made by emailing support@models4tradeshows.com.

what happens when a model doesn’t show or cancels?
while it’s rare, sometimes models may need to cancel a booking. we understand this can impact your plans. in the unlikely event a model needs to cancel your booking, you’ll automatically get a refund or we can help you find a qualified talent to rebook.

can i share information about my company with the models prior to the event?
absolutely! after your booking is confirmed, you will receive an email with instructions on how to share company and product information with the talent.

how does your booking process work?
with our robust online tool, onpoint, vantage provides fast and easy access to the industry’s most comprehensive and diverse network of knowledgeable, reliable, and engaging professional talent. should you have a larger event or if you would like to speak with an account executive, please use our request a quote form and we will contact you to discuss your event details.


















corporate office
vantage trade show talent260 e. main streetrochester, ny 14604315.350.3058


get to know us
about us
reviews/ratings
blog
help
 

doing business
exhibitors
event organizers
associations
 

explore by
city
event
role
 






copyright © 2025 vantage trade show talent


|
privacy policy
|
terms of service
|
cookie policy
|
accessibility












client login
talent login

find talent
events
get a quote
faqs
about

about us
reviews
blog


talent sign up
 


315.350.3058









© 2025 vantage trade show talent


















