





the official wynn stewart website





home | 
 music for sale | 
 biography | 
 photos | 
 discography | 
 sitemap | 
 email webmaster 





the official

website

         a tribute to wynn stewart, a pioneer of the bakersfield and west coast sound as a country music  singer, songwriter, and musician.
       please "like" 
      wynn's official fan page on facebook 


wynn stewart is best known for his hit song, which was the country music song of the year, in 1967, 
"it's such a pretty world today"


(click here  to listen to it and see a video on youtube) 










 
    visit this  website to sign the petition to get wynn stewart voted into the country music hall of fame:


      http://www.gopetition.com/ petitions/ induct-wynn-stewart-into-the-country-music-hall-of-fame.htm








  in 2012, the the country music hall of fame and museum told the story of the stars, sidemen and songwriters who created and popularized a new kind of country music in mid-20th century   america in the exhibit, the bakersfield sound:  buck owens, merle haggard, and   california country, a more than 5,000-square-foot exhibition opened on   friday, march 23, 2012, and closed on december 31, 2013. the exhibit explored bakersfield's club scene where, in the 1940s and 1950s,   the city's plethora of dance halls and honky-tonks provided respite for   wall-to-wall, rambunctious workers eager for the boogiefied honky-tonk of the   maddox brothers & rose or the eclectic swing sound of bob wills.   also on   the bandstands were enormously influential musicians wynn stewart and tommy   collins, whose classic honky-tonk songs buck owens and merle haggard would later record,   and for whom they worked as sidemen before launching solo careers. 













"during the late '50s, wynn
        stewart and tommy collins were two of the
          pioneering bakersfield artists to have hits, and both
          were influential on merle haggard's career,
            musically as well as professionally. for about a year and
            a half, in 1962 and 1963, merle haggard played bass with wynn's band in las
              vegas. during this time, haggard heard wynn
                stewart's song "sing
                  a sad song" and asked wynn if
                    he could record it. wynn gave him the
                      song and merle recorded it. the record became merle's
                      first national hit, climbing to number 19 on the country
              charts in 1964."





 

 
          click here  to see a video of merle singing "sing a sad song", written by wynn stewart.
        
 
 



"buck
        owens, merle haggard, wynn
          stewart, and tommy
            collins were a continuance of
              the west coast's robust, independent-minded country music
              scene .... buck's style of music and that of haggard, wynn
                stewart and collins,
                  collectively known as the "bakersfield sound,"
            helped define the country music of a generation." 

merle
                      haggard says, "wynn's sound was
                        what influenced buck and me both, and in a
                          strange twist of fate, his band was the heart of the old
                          frizzell band -- roy nichols was part of
                            the lefty band, and he went to wynn stewart and ran into ralph
                              mooney, who played the steel,
                                and they were the basis of the modern west coast
          sound." 
another
         quote from merle: "i thought, 'you know what i'll
         do? i'll take a little bit of lefty, a little bit of
         elvis, a little wynn stewart, a little bit
           of ernest tubb and the other influences i had -- jimmie
            rodgers, chuck berry, grady martin and roy nichols, bob
            wills -- and just be honest with it, try to make
            somethin' out of what i was."




dwight
          yoakum: "'playboy' had always appealed to me. i just love wynn's vocal style
        and his recording of it". (speaking of a song
            recorded by wynn stewart, which is also
              on one of dwight's cds.) 
click here for youtube video






patsy cline recorded a wynn stewart-written song, 
              "you took him off my
                hands". wynn stewart made the first
        recording of this song as, "you took her off
          my hands", co-written with harlan
            howard. 
            
click here for youtube video











rodney crowell had a #1 hit
        in the 80's with another former wynn
          stewart hit,
            "above
          and beyond the call of love".
click here for youtube video











      wynn's song from 1962,      "another day, another dollar" was played on all major
      television networks in a volkswagen jetta
      commercial. the spot aired during 2011-2012. 
      
click here to see the
        commercial on youtube 








wynn's #1 song of 1967 (also the cma song of the year),"it's such a pretty world today" was played on all major
          television networks in a k-mart
        commercial. the spot aired during the april and may of
        2001. 
click here to download the
        commercial 
or
click here to see it on youtube 







 

 


this site was developed by wren stewart tidwell, wynn's daughter, out of a deep love and respect for her father and with the desire for everyone to realize the great impact he had on country music.



 




home | 
 music for sale | 
 biography | 
 photos | 
 discography | 
 sitemap | 
 email webmaster 




