




animal welfare council







































animal welfare council




menu

						skip to content					
home
federal issues
state issues
news
welfare vs. rights
resources

members


 

search for:



 












the animal welfare council members support the use of animals in recreation, entertainment, industry and sports. we are dedicated to advancing the responsible and humane use of animals in these activities.
who we are?members of the animal welfare council include organizations that interact with animals in the following activities:

horse industry
rodeos
carriage operators
entertainment
ranching
animal health
recreation

the animal welfare council is a non-profit, tax exempt (501-c-3) organization established for charitable and educational purposes. membership includes organizations and business entities who are actively involved in caring for animals in recreation, entertainment, sport and industry. awc provides a unified voice for those who enjoy riding, owning and interacting with animals on every level.
the animal welfare council is committed to supporting member’s expert advice and support regarding animal welfare and animal rights issues.all members of the animal welfare council are committed to preserving the interaction between animals and humans and educating the public concerning the care and treatment of animals involved in our member’s activities.
member benefits
weekly issue updatesprovided via e-mail, these updates keep members abreast of news regarding animal welfare issues and pertinent legislation.
speakersmembers of the animal welfare council can address workshops, conventions, symposiums and meetings on a variety of animal welfare related topics.
inter-industry networkingmembers of awc can network through e-mail and fax on a variety of issues and can create immediate response to negative press articles, legislation of concern or other pressing animal issues of member organizations.
awc strives to educate the public with the facts about animal care within membership organizations. awc also educates the public through letters to the editor, press releases and distribution of member organizations animal welfare information
animal welfare standards for the organizations must be submitted and approved by the awc board of directors before membership is approved.
for more information on becoming a animal welfare council member e-mail us



 










educational contents.a.f.e. act – bogus science and bad legislation
unwanted horse lessons
animal welfare and animal rights article
back door route to blocking processing of horses in the u.s.
unintended consequences paper
awc 2010 press release: status of the horse industry
2009 unwanted horse survey
site admin

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 
 








search for:



 



					proudly powered by wordpress				










