

euthanasia suicide mercy-killing right-to-die physician assisted suicide living wills research 








contents

euthanasia papers 
euthanasia facts (over 170 articles)
medical (over 500 articles)
statements by medical profession (over 80 articles)
legal (over 100 articles)
people with disabilities (300 articles)
people stories (over 250 articles)
usa (over 800 articles)
california articles  (over 125 articles)
oregon (100 articles)
canada articles (over 750 articles)
world (over 750 articles)
netherlands (over 175 articles)
belgium articles(over 160 articles)
organizations against euthanasia (over 90 articles)
religious statements/articles(over 210 articles)
statements by individuals/groups (over 460 articles)
other organizations helping people (over 40 articles)
living wills
other contacts








information for research on euthanasia, physician-assisted suicide, living wills, mercy killing






        





a call to  defeat delaware house bill 140 (assisted suicide legalization)  (2025) 



"by now canada will have surpassed 75,000 euthanasia deaths since legalization" (2024) 



uk: two thirds want care fixed before "assisted dying" debated (2024) 



disability groups legally challenge canada's euthanasia law (2024) 














start here for introductory information on euthanasia and assisted suicide
euthanasia facts, including graphs of data on people who attempted suicide, facts sheets, faqs, debate points, books, videos etc.




statements by medical profession, including american medical association, american nurses association, c. everett koop, etc.

medical articles, including charts of poll data, pain control, physician issues, etc.



legal articles, including 1997 supreme court ruling, assisted-suicide laws by state, congressional legislation, etc.

people with disabilities, including articles on terri schiavo. 

people articles, including abuse of the elderly and women. 




usa articles, including assisted suicide legislation in the united states, state by state news, kevorkian articles 
oregon articles, stories related to oregon's physician-assisted suicide law.


world articles, including euthanasia issues in netherlands, belgium, canada, new zealand, great britain, israel, germany, columbia, etc.

religious statements/articles, including protestant, catholic, orthodox, jewish, islamic, interfaith groups.


organizations against euthanasia, including international anti-euthanasia task force, citizens united resisting euthanasia, etc.

other organizations that help people, including hospice foundation, pain clinics, pain study associations, suicide awareness groups.


living wills, two samples.

statements by individuals, nat hentoff, alan keyes, ralph nader, and others.

other contacts, links to your congressional representatives, newspaper letters to the editor, pro-life groups, citing internet items, etc.









click here for pages in spanish, french, dutch, portuguese and 
ukrainian.





site last updated 2025.
this website is dedicated to the late robert schindler (the father of terri schiavo),  the late disability rights leader diane coleman, and grand duke henri of luxembourg


click on this 
line to send a message to euthanasia.com
old site index


"this website opposes laws that make it is legal for one class of people to kill another class of people . . . in the case of so-called "death with dignity," the people killed are the  suicidal."


"the promoters of assisted suicide have worn out their thesaurus attempting to imply that it is legal in montana. assisted suicide is a homicide in montana. our mt supreme court ruled that if a doctor is charged with a homicide they might have a potential defense based on consent. the court did not address civil liabilities. no one in montana has immunity from civil or criminal prosecution. does that sound legal to you? oregon model bills have been rejected by our legislature in 2011, 2013 and 2015 because of gaping loopholes that allow exploitation of elders and people with disabilities of all ages by predators and predatory corporations." . . . montana resident bradley williams.

"euthanasia is a long, smooth-sounding word, and it conceals its danger as long, smooth words do, but the danger is there, nevertheless. "...  american author pearl s. buck

"the care of human life and happiness and not their destruction is the first and only legitimate object of good government."... thomas jefferson

"there is no quality of life when the patient is dead."... a nurse

"the terminally ill are a class of persons who need protection from family, social, and economic pressures, and who are often particularly vulnerable to such pressures because of chronic pain, depression, and the effects of medication."... from the state of alaska's  arguments that assisted suicide is dangerous. subsequently (sampson et al. v state of alaska, 09/21/2001), the alaska supreme court ruled unanimously that state laws punishing assisted suicide as manslaughter are to be upheld. 

"beware movements that feel the need to resort to feel-good euphemisms to hide the reality of their agendas and goals. assisted suicide is suicide. the term is descriptive and accurate. and when it is legalized, it amounts to state-approved suicide. let's deal with that reality and stop the pretense."... wesley j. smith, 2013.


the national suicide prevention lifeline can be reached by calling 800-273-8255. for those who don't want to speak to a counselor, there's also a national crisis text line available 24/7 by texting "home" to 741741.


 