




pete sweeney

















main - bio - snare drum cd - books/dvds - lessons - pictures - contact





welcome!

hi, i’m pete sweeney and welcome to my website! i am a drummer, teacher, and author of 25 drum set method books. to follow my current activities please join me on facebook, instagram, and youtube by clicking on the links in the right hand corner.
i am a proud endorser of mapex drums, vic firth sticks, zildjian cymbals, and aquarian drum heads. 
private drum lessons

          i am available for private lessons via facetime and zoom. please email me at 
petesweeney65@gmail.com for more information. i love to teach students of all ages and abilities!



 


drummer's guide to fills (book & cd)

			drummer’s guide to fills is designed to expand drumming vocabulary by teaching fills all drummers can use to add excitement to different sections of a song, or even use as the building blocks of a solo. learning how to play fills is not enough; drummers need to know when and where to play them. this book offers a step-by-step approach to playing fills of varying lengths, as well as different approaches to resolving fills and returning to the groove. learn fills in many styles, from rock to funk to jazz, plus a “melodic” approach to fills that allows further embellishment on basics. for those looking to move beyond the simple basics of groove playing, this book will get you there. a cd demonstrating the musical examples is included.

click here to order


the versatile drummer (book & cd)

			become a diverse and in-demand drummer by learning drumbeats in a wide variety of styles-from rock and jazz to reggae and afro-cuban, warm-ups and stick control exercises to improve your technique, reading exercises to prepare you for sight-reading at a gig, practical tips for improving your groove and timekeeping abilities, and much more!

i just picked a copy of your book, the versatile drummer. i think it is one of the best drum books out there. i am constantly searching for the “ultimate” drum instruction books to use with my students. this book fills my needs better than any other book out there. i plan on having all my students purchase a copy of this book. great job! thanks

				bobby shubowitz

click here to order


30-day drum workout (dvd)

			this enjoyable and challenging exercise routine will not only prepare you for the rigors of contemporary drumming, but it will sharpen your techniques as well. this versatile book includes warm-ups, sticking exercises, polyrhythms and more. jam-packed with two complete 30-day exercise routines, the 30-day drum workout will increase your coordination, stamina, finesse and sense of time.

click here to order








instagram

youtube 


modern drummer november 2008
							the versatile drummer by pete sweeney

							“the versatile drummer is a library of many different beats and grooves that any drummer would love to have in his or her back pocket, all packed into an easy to read 95 page book”


modern drummer december 2008
							drummer’s guide to fills by pete sweeney

							“sweeney, a faculty member at the national guitar workshop, has put together a straightforward and occasionally tricky instructional guide to the art of the fill. this will aid in building better hand-foot coordination and timing”.



drumhead magazine april 2008 
							the versatile drummer by pete sweeney

							“learn warm-ups and stick control exercises that will improve your technique reading exercises to prepare you for sight reading at a gig, practical tips for improving your groove and timekeeping abilities, and much more!”



drumhead magazine august 2008
							drummer’s guide to fills by pete sweeney

							“this book gives you a step-by-step approach to playing fills of varying lengths, as well as different approaches to resolving fills and returning to the groove. you will learn fills in many styles-from funk to jazz-and also learn a “melodic” approach to fills that allows you to embellish on basic ideas. this book will expand your drumming vocabulary and help you move beyond simple groove playing”.



drum.com  march 24 2009
							drummer’s guide to fills

							“drummer’s guide to fills will get you on the proper track as to how you think about fills , and sweeney does a good job of eliminating much of the confusion that commonly surrounds this issue”.



modern drummer january 2006

the complete drumset method: beginning, intermediate,mastering
							by pete sweeney (alfred)
							level: beginner to advanced, $19.95 each

							"these affordable, well structured books ( sold separately ) contain the essential information that a drumset player needs to become a well-informed student of drumming in the styles of jazz, rock, blues, and latin. each book includes a cd with brief examples of the many written exercises, rudiments, grooves, fills, and songs. the cds are well recorded. since many of the examples are played at a fairly brisk tempo, these books would be best utilized with the guidance of an experienced instructor. each book also contains a short, enlightening interview with jazz drumming legend joe morello." -- mike haid 



modern drummer april 2001
							30 day drum workout by pete sweeney

							"the ultimate quick fix to strong and clean playing."



modern drummer july 2002
							the pro drummer's handbook by pete sweeney

"this is an excellent book for the jobbing drummer- or anyone interested in becoming a versatile player and looking for gigs."




vic firth education spring 2001
							30 day workout by pete sweeney

							"pete sweeney's 30 day drum workout is an enjoyable and challenging exercise routine that prepares you for the rigors of contemporary drumming and will sharpen your technique as well."




muzik etc. (canada) june 2003
							the pro drummer's handbook by pete sweeney

							"you know how you open a book and it just feels right? sweeney tackles areas rarely dealt with: how to conduct rehearsals, etiquette on sitting in, injuries, freelancing, drumming part time vs. full time, and even performance anxiety. i'd recommend this book to all drummers."








contact pete sweeney @ petesweeney65@gmail.com • (518) 495-6622





