









certified & licensed computer/electronics recycling & disposal
















































973-823-9752















services

secure data destruction

connecticut
delaware
maryland
new york

long island
new york city
new york state computer recycling
westchester


new jersey
pennsylvania
washington dc


computer recycling

connecticut
new jersey
new york city
new york state computer recycling
pennsylvania


onsite services

hard drive destruction
tape shredding
inventory validation
degaussing


medical device decommissioning

healthcare facilities
lab equipment
medical device manufacturers


product destruction
data centers
safe harbor express
office closures
compliance library


industries served

secure destruction for the healthcare industry
secure data destruction for the financial industry
secure data destruction for the legal industry
secure data destruction for the retail industry


resources

learning center
certifications & licenses
white papers
case studies
certificates of destruction


about us

frequently asked questions (faq)
blog
our diversity and inclusion


get in touch

contact
request a quote


 





select page


  
 



 



 














we recycle electronics & shred data media secure | certified | licensed

get a quote











providing regulatory compliant computer recycling & onsite certified secure data media destruction services for over 30 years

there are over 500 federal and state regulations governing it asset disposal. back thru the future understands these risks and has the proven tools and the experience to guide our clients through this complicated regulatory landscape.





vendor due diligence is a requirement
regulatory compliance requires that you have documentation supporting that your it asset disposal vendor has the necessary qualifications and experience to perform the tasks contracted for. you should not rely solely on your experience with the third party as a proxy for an objective, in-depth assessment of the third party’s ability.  computer recycling and the associated secure destruction of obsolete data assets is a regulatory complex activity. choosing the right it asset disposal vendor requires understanding the challenges and confirming that the vendor has all the necessary qualifications and is someone you can trust.











regulatory environmental compliance
did you know that environmental computer disposal regulations are almost exclusively individual state regulations?
interstate commerce waste disposal regulations specify that the regulations of the state where the waste is eventually disposed of must be followed, not the regulations of the state of the wastes’ origin.
once your disposed of computer equipment leaves your facility, how do you know where it will end up and which state regulations you need to be in compliance with?
back thru the future’s unique environmental regulatory status allows us to provide a valid environmental compliance certificate for all 50 states.

learn more





regulatory data privacy compliance
surveys have found that the #1 concern of cios when disposing of it assets is ‘data security’ by a factor of 2 to 1.
but it’s not only data security, it’s also the risk of regulatory data privacy non-compliance. different industries and different states require differing data destruction standards as well as legal records destruction requirements. they are also required to maintain auditable records of all data destruction in order to prove compliance.
back thru the future’s secure data destruction services are specifically designed to comply with different industry, state, and legal data destruction requirements and our “compliance library” cloud based document archive maintains all of your data destruction records with 24/7 availability.

learn more







the disposal of obsolete it assets represents regulatory risk.it is our business to protect you from these risks.

with over 30 years of experience and over 1000 clients in the northeast, back thru the future® is one of the most capable computer recycling and secure data destruction companies in the country – period.
we provide regulatory compliant it disposal services focused on protecting our clients from the unintentional failure to follow state and federal environmental and data privacy regulations. our procedures and documentation have been perfected over years of involvement with developing industry standards and regulatory requirements. our compliance library™ is a secure, web-based document archive that provides a comprehensive and easily accessible history of all your organization’s it disposal activity – a necessary tool for audits and asset management.







testimonials



patrick and his team were great!
they were efficient, neat, organized, and very personable. i enjoyed my interaction with all of them as i was working beside them doing other tasks. we had a lot of stuff and they pushed through like champs. i really enjoy working with people who make my day go by quickly while getting a ton done. i look forward to working with them again.




 just to let you know, your guys did a great job here on tuesday. professional, courteous and very efficient…
…we will continue to use your services here in branchville…



the technicians we had on site were great. their system and work flow was fast and effective.




 i would again to give kudos to both joe and ty for the collection of items on 2/12/16. their professionalism and dedication gives us great comfort in using bttf for asset disposal and destruction. i would like to use your services for our 5 west coast offices.




 i just want to say that the gentlemen that were here this past week did a great job. especially joe, who went above and beyond great customer service and work ethic to complete the job within our time constraints.



i just wanted to reach out and say how happy i was with the service we had yesterday. the two gentlemen who showed up were friendly and professional and it made the whole thing just a joy to be a part of. both of them deserve raises.



patrick is an excellent “face of the company” and very knowledgeable. [he] addressed all of the questions posed regarding what services you provide and how this pickup will be processed.










back thru the future facts






left blank to keep toggle closed


federal epa registered universal waste (electronic recycling) destination facility
our environmental compliance document is legally recognized in all 50 states.

nj dep licensed class d universal waste (electronic recycling) processing facility
we are one of only 9 nj based computer recycling facilities that are identified under the nj e-waste law as “authorized” computer recyclers.

iso 9001- qms, 14001- ems, 45001- oh & s certified
iso (international standards organization) certification is an audited set of international standards that require all processes be documented and that a rigorous quality control process be maintained. this includes not only internal processes but also requires us to monitor customer satisfaction.100% of our customer surveys rate us “excellent” for project related communications.

naid aaa certified – first in usa (2005)
we were the first licensed computer recycler in the us to receive the naid aaa secure data destruction certification for hard drive shredding.

r2v3 certified
r2v3 (responsible recycling) is an international recycling industry standard for the environmentally proper disposal of electronic equipment. r2v3 certification is an audited process confirming that the recycling business has appropriate policies and procedures for the disposal of obsolete electronics. r2v3, iso (environmental, osha, quality control) and naid aaa security certifications are considered the “gold” standard for regulatory “vendor due diligence” requirements.
back thru the future is one of a small number of electronic recyclers in the us with all these certifications as well as being a us epa and nj dep licensed “universal waste destination facility” for the processing of electronics.

wbenc certified woman’s owned business and sba certified small business enterprise
we meet with your organizations vendor diversity objectives.

on site hard drive shredding- first in new jersey (2014)
we were the first and only company in nj to be able to legally provide onsite hard drive shredding. we continue to be the only computer recycling company in nj that can provide both naid aaa secure data destruction certification and the regulatory required environmental compliance certification for the proper recycling of the shredded hard drive material.








100% of our client quality control surveys rate both our pre-project &post-project communications as “excellent”
92% of our new client quality control surveys have been returned marked “exceeded expectations”.

want to learn more?
call us at 973.823.9752 or see our contact page to submit your inquiry:

contact us



 







© 2025 back thru the future 















internet marketing solution & design by cazbah


