










getting green plant service | #1 source for plant material & supplies












































954.680.1819
sales@gettinggreen.com



facebook




instagram


 





facebook




instagram



material request form
location
 












home
material
supplies
services
orders
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 











one call gets it all
we specialize in locating plant material from trees to sod

954.680.1819







getting green has what you need

from sourcing your plant material, to delivery, and in-house production, getting green is your one-stop shop!








material
in-house production combined with unparalleled sourcing provides our customers with the highest quality plant material.
 search plant materials








supplies
(mulches, soil, rocks, tools) etc.
view inventory








services
brokering, shipping worldwide.
learn more…



















qualifications
getting green plant service has established itself as a full-service brokerage company and wholesale nursery and maintains the highest qualifications, including:

fngla certified landscape contractor
fngla certified horticultural professional
certified landscape inspector
fl agricultural bond
dpi registration















no job too big… no job too small

getting green has a ton of experience and employs professionals covering the full range of expertise in horticulture.











a full service brokerage companygetting green plant service provides our clients and associates with uncompromising service and materials based on a foundation of integrity and pride. by combining substantial in house resources and exemplary relationships with outside vendors, getting green delivers the finest quality plants and trees directly to your job site.










we offer a full delivery servicefrom jacksonville to key west we cover the entire state of florida, and even beyond in special cases.

learn more










getting green carries a complete line of allied suppliestree slings • staking materials • nursery carts • edging • safety supplies • pruning & tagging equipment • shovels & tools • mulch • decorative rocks • 57 rock (3/4) • pea rock • soils • sand… & much more
pick them up or have it all delivered with your order.

shop now










over 150 varieties on sitecombine our substantial in house resources with the relationships we’ve cultivated with outside vendors, getting green delivers the finest quality plants and trees.

search plant material









quality is priority #1our procurement specialists personally tag each order to assure the highest levels of quality are met. all material is guaranteed to pass your landscape inspection.













i have been working with getting green since day one and their level of service is second to none.  they understand our requirements for quality and prompt service. they keep up-to-date with product availability as well as supply and demand.
tommy aiello
aiello landscape, inc.




i have dealt with getting green for many years and they are number one in the landscape industry. the staff is professional, courteous, and will strive to deliver on your time schedule.  i look forward to many more years of business with them.
tina griffin
r.e.w. landscape corp.




the material all looks great and the service was fantastic. 
chris griffiths
horticultural solutions, inc.






excellent nursery and broker. i use robert and his team every chance i get. they make the jobs easy and save me a lot of money on material costs.
aaron wilbur
cotleur & hearing




getting green sets the standard for high professional standards. this business is exceptionally well run–like a well-made engine. three cheers for expert help from rob pursell and crew.
van hutchinson
g & v shalom tree care




great company to work with. quality materials at wholesale prices for commercial landscapers. they are always willing to help.
dustin d.









sourcing
we’ll take the headache out of sourcing and tagging plants. we specialize in locating everything green and in-between with prompt delivery to your job site. our procurement specialists personally tag each order to assure the highest levels of quality are met. no job is too big or too small. out of state orders available. vertical wall garden sourcing and procurement available.

material request form








plant materialwe stock what you need. getting green stocks hundreds of different varieties of trees, palms, shrubs, and topiaries on site at our nursery located in davie, fl. whether you are searching for specimen material or trees and shrubs, we carry what you need or can have it available in a timely manner. inventory is replenished on a constant basis. having what you need, when you need it is very important to us.








specimen material
utilizing a network of palm and tree collectors throughout the state, we can locate the ideal specimens to complement any landscape project.
























fill out a job form nowlet us know what material you need to get your job done. we'll be in touch shortly.
go to form








come on in!

monday - friday
7:30am -4pm

saturday
8am - 12pm

sunday
closed

get directions



contact

phone
(954) 680-1819

mail
sales@gettinggreen.com

address
5325 sw 64th ave davie, fl 33314



 

 








facebook




instagram


getting green plant services inc.  ©2020  |  site by mularz design 











subscribe to our newsletterrecieve information, deals and availability














subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!
with your permission we will occasionally send specials and other announcements.




 































