








herbasway - makers of herbagreen tea, the original green tea concentrate.






















































 






herbasway
makers of herbagreen tea, the original green tea concentrate.


menu
skip to content
home
our story
our formulas
how to use
shop online
our videos
contact us
 








herbagreen tea: what the original green tea concentrate can do for you


leave a reply 


herbasway founder dr. franklin st. john discusses the health benefits of herbasway’s special formula for herbagreen tea.

 


share this:




























































			this entry was posted in videos and tagged ancient chinese herbal remedy, green tea, green tea and health, green tea concentrate, polyphenols on march 5, 2017 by herbasway.								




blueberries vs. free radicals



“free radicals are atoms or ions that are missing at least one electron from their outer shell,” dr. franklin st. john explains in natural awakenings. “when they enter your body, they steal electrons from your healthy cells and turn them into free radicals too. that process continues until the damage is so severe that health issues occur.

“with this in mind, i’d like to discuss anthocyanins, a group of antioxidants that is particularly effective in fighting free radicals. anthocyanins are what make blueberries so beneficial to your health (and, incidentally, what give them their blue color). the level of anthocyanins in blueberries is very high, and scientific literature has confirmed their effectiveness in fighting free radicals.”
read the whole article here. and get yourself a supply of herbasway blueberry, to take advantage of these amazing health benefits for yourself!


share this:




























































			this entry was posted in general and tagged blueberries, blueberry, blueberry concentrate, free radicals, health on february 1, 2016 by herbasway.								




free radicals and your health



almost any activity that you perform results in free radical formation. there are many external agents that can cause free radicals to form in our bodies.
let’s start out by defining what a free radical is. if you have taken a chemistry class, you may already understand this. a free radical is an atom or compound that is missing an electron in its outer shell that is normally there.
there are normal ways that an atom can fulfill its need to complete its outer shell. for instance, sodium (na) has one electron in its outer shell, but it wants two. chlorine (cl) has seven electrons in its outer shell, but it wants eight.  so, when cl comes in contact with na, they sort of mate to form nacl, which is ordinary table salt.
now let’s go inside of your body. there probably never was a time when free radicals were not forming in your body. any process within your body can produce free radicals. however, by eating lots of fruits and vegetables, free radicals can be neutralized. that’s all fine and good, but enter pollutants from the air we breathe, the chemicals we ingest when we eat processed food, over-exposure to the sun, and other activities such as hard physical labor or hard contact sports, and we have the potential for severe health problems. (i often wonder about the constant pounding and abuse withstood by a football player’s body having something to do with health problems sometimes encountered later in life.) continue reading →


share this:




























































			this entry was posted in general and tagged free radicals, green tea, health benefits of green tea, how polyphenols fight free radicals, polyphenols on october 22, 2015 by dr. franklin st. john.								




can chocolate be good for your health?


leave a reply 


short answer: yes!
in this piece on abc15, posted by the mayo clinic staff, the authors explain that
chocolate and its main ingredient, cocoa, appear to reduce risk factors for heart disease. flavanols in cocoa beans have antioxidant effects that reduce cell damage implicated in heart disease. flavanols — which are more prevalent in dark chocolate than in milk chocolate — also help lower blood pressure and improve vascular function.
the problem with consuming chocolate is the additives manufacturers use to make the cocoa taste sweeter: sugar, milk, and so forth.
most commercial chocolate has ingredients that add fat, sugar and calories. and too much can contribute to weight gain, a risk factor for high blood pressure, heart disease and diabetes. on the other hand, cocoa itself, unlike chocolate, is low in sugar and fat while offering potential health benefits.
our chocolate guilt free formula is a liquid infusion of pure cocoa powder loaded with anti-oxidants. it tastes great, but doesn’t contain any of the bad stuff you find in chocolate bars. great for children as a healthy addition to ice cream, yogurt, smoothies or wherever you want great chocolate taste without the calories.



share this:




























































			this entry was posted in studies and tagged chocolate, flavanols, why chocolate has health benefits on january 17, 2015 by herbasway.								




the herbasway story


leave a reply 


dr. franklin st. john founded herbasway in 1996, inspired by his interest in traditional chinese medicine. he wanted to go beyond the typical multi-vitamin pill and really focus on specific nutritional goals. after a great deal of research, he decided to develop liquid concentrates so that they were better absorbed into the bloodstream as well as easier and more enjoyable to take every day.

herbasway, maker of best-selling herbagreen tea, now has 10 unique blends targeting different parts of the body using all natural ingredients. herbasway has also developed an all natural spa line as well as the all natural energy and a ready-to-drink shot, last round all natural hangover support. continue reading →


share this:




























































			this entry was posted in general and tagged china, green tea, herbs, traditional chinese medicine on december 9, 2014 by herbasway.								




   
 



search for:



categoriescategories
select category
general
studies
videos


 




shipping |
				terms and condtions



copyright © 1996-2025 herbasway laboratories, llc. all rights reserved.
these statements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. this product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.







