















holy cross medical center - taos, nm - healthcare in new mexico








































































skip to content



pay my bill
patient portal
contact
make a donation
employee login



contact us: 1-800-755-6236















primary menu
services
locations

holy cross cardiology
holy cross hospital

anticoagulation clinic
diabetes management
emergency department
human resources
labor and delivery
laboratory
hospital auxiliary
imaging & radiology
infusion clinic
observation unit
physical therapy & rehabilitation
sexual assault nurse examiner
wound care


holy cross primary care
holy cross surgical specialties
holy cross women’s health institute
taos clinic for children & youth


programs

benefit navigation
taos cancer support services

paint taos pink!
for the health of it!
cancer support love quilt


first steps
taos alive
children’s trust fund
rural ob & maternal services


about us

mission/vision/history
our team
commitment to excellence
community impact
events
since 1936: a legacy of caring
financial & annual reports
board of directors

board meetings




employment
news

mill levy funded repairs
general news


make a donation

charge master list – cost of services


patients & visitors

visitor information
policies & procedures
billing & payments

payment options
financial assistance
cost of services & price transparency
no surprises act


patient advocacy & customer relations
non-discrimination notice
privacy practices
patient rights
total joint replacement videos


covid-19
patient portal






search for:



 


























home







holy cross medical center
holy cross medical center is the central hub for health care in north-central new mexico. our hospital and clinics are home to over 80 physicians, covering a variety of ever-expanding specialties that include internal medicine, wound care, dermatology, ob/gyn, orthopedics, general surgery, urology and a fully-staffed emergency department.








physician and employee directory
hospital map and practice locations
financial assistance and payment information
privacy practices



 



subscribe to our newsletter
join our newsletter and stay up to date on your local healthcare news. we won't share your information and we don't email too often.
















 







holy cross highlight



holy cross medical center continues successful recruitment efforts
pediatricians avoid burnout while addressing opioids crisis in a rural community  
taos clinic for children and youth welcomes a new pediatrician, dr. clifford scott.
celebrate your physical health this month
paint taos pink throughout the month of october!
dr. stephen balise, general surgeon, joins the team at holy cross surgical specialties



holy cross medical center continues successful recruitment efforts

					 		january 22, 2025					 		


							 					human resources							 				



holy cross medical center (hcmc) continues to make significant progress in addressing its staffing needs, particularly in reducing the reliance on costly traveling nurses and boosting local hiring efforts. under the guidance of vivian santistevan, chief human resources officer for hcmc, the medical center’s human resources department has spearheaded the team taos initiative, which has resulted in the hiring of 35 nurses, surpassing the initial goal of 25.

“this is a testament to the hard work of our entire team, but i’d like to acknowledge the ongoing efforts of brittany hamilton (chief nursing officer) and her team of nurses, in recruiting.” santistevan said. 

two years ago, the emergency department had 16 traveling nurses, but now that number is down to just one open nursing position. overall, holy cross is nearing full staffing for nurses, which not only saves the organization money but also helps build stronger, more cohesive teams.

“our team of nurses is incredible. having a stable committed team makes all the difference when it comes to providing the best care possible. the nurse executive team deserves so much credit in their recruiting efforts, we appreciate them.” said brittany hamilton, chief nursing officer. 

the success of these efforts is evident in the substantial reduction in the number of traveling positions throughout the organization, which has dropped from over 100 to just 22. this reduction has saved holy cross an estimated $750,000 per month in contract costs.
in addition to the 35 nurse hires, holy cross has successfully filled over 55 positions in the last year, bringing the total employee count at holy cross to over 530. the organization has also promoted eight qualified internal candidates to management and director-level positions, reflecting holy cross’ commitment to professional development.
recruiting physicians
while the success of the team taos initiative is apparent, recruiting is challenging, particularly for physician positions. while many jobs can be filled locally, physicians often have to be recruited nationally. holy cross competes on a national level for talent, which means that as a small rural hospital holy cross has to offer competitive pay and benefits needed to attract top candidates. however, the lifestyle taos offers can be a major selling point and has helped the team attract great physicians.

“our recruitment efforts are going well, our community is very attractive for people who are looking for a change in lifestyle or access to outdoor activities. people are excited to come to taos for a better work life balance.” said sue romansky, chief of ancillary and physician services.

in the last year holy cross has hired five new physicians and assistants and there are three more currently under contract starting this year. as holy cross expands space with the new medical office building recruitment efforts will increase to meet the need. holy cross is currently focused on recruiting a urologist as well as primary care providers. 

“we have two exciting urologist candidates that are visiting early this year. i’d like to thank the community for welcoming new providers to taos and making them feel at home. it makes all the difference for new medical staff in our community.” said sue romansky.

focus on professional development
holy cross is investing in the professional growth of its employees. one of vivian’s goals for this year is to launch an employee mentorship program aimed at helping staff members advance to higher positions within the organization.

“executive positions in healthcare require experience and education. we already have talented employees that know the organization. we are going to help mentor our own so they can continue to grow their careers right here in taos.” said vivian.

instead of relying on outside consultants, holy cross is conducting its professional development in-house, utilizing the expertise of its own staff. “we have qualified staff who know the organization and know taos. we are tailoring these programs to better suit our local patients and the hospital,” santistevan explained. holy cross has implemented leadership development programs and integrated customer service training, all supported by experienced team members.
medical assistant certification program
in response to the pressing need for medical assistants (mas), holy cross is launching its own certification program. this is a great opportunity for anyone interested in beginning a career in healthcare. qualified applicants will be hired full time with benefits and will spend the first four months working four days a week at a clinic, with the fifth day dedicated to online learning for their certification. after four months the employees will sit for a certification test and after passing will have a full time job with benefits. “it’s a great opportunity for local individuals to step into healthcare. it’s an entry level job and a perfect way to learn more about healthcare. this will get your foot in the door for a great career.” said sue romansky. previously, individuals would have to travel outside of taos to obtain this certification, but now the training will be offered right here in taos. holy cross is in conversation with unm-taos to provide this certification through the local university. 
“we are in need of certified medical assistants,” santistevan said, noting that the hospital will need at least eight mas in the coming months and at least an additional ten for the new medical office building. the certification program, driven by tracy sawyer, director of nursing and clinic operations, offers a fantastic opportunity for locals to have a stable job in an industry that is in need of more employees. 
enhancing benefits and retention
in addition to recruiting efforts, holy cross has been focused on enhancing its benefits package to better retain employees. over the past year, holy cross has worked hard to improve retirement plans and other benefits. 

“not only are we recruiting, but we’ve also enhanced our benefits considerably. we not only want to hire—we want to retain.” santistevan stressed. 

with open positions in areas like registration, security, dietary, and nursing, holy cross is committed to filling as many roles as they can locally. the team remains focused on ensuring that new hires and current employees are placed in positions that best fit their skills, ensuring long-term retention and success for the hospital. 

“if you are a local healthcare provider or are qualified for one of our positions, we want you to come work for holy cross! come talk to our hr team about all the great things going on at our local hospital, you’ll want to be part of this incredible team.” santistevan emphasized.

to learn more about employment openings at holy cross medical center, visit https://holycrossmedicalcenter.org/employment-opportunities/


pediatricians avoid burnout while addressing opioids crisis in a rural community  

					 		january 8, 2025					 		


							 					taos clinic for children & youth							 				



							 					holy cross hospital							 				



we are excited to announce that holy cross medical center’s own pediatrician, dr. veronica parker, was a contributor to an important article published by the american academy of pediatrics (aap)! the article, titled “the healing power of partnership: pediatricians avoid burnout while addressing opioids crisis in a rural community,” explores how pediatricians in rural communities collaborate to tackle the ongoing opioid crisis while finding ways to support each other and avoid burnout.
this vital work highlights the power of partnerships and community in addressing a challenging public health issue. we are proud to have dr. parker on our team and grateful for her dedication to both her patients and the greater taos community. you can read more about the article here: https://www.aap.org/en/news-room/aap-voices/the-healing-power-of-partnership-pediatricians-avoid-burnout-while-addressing-opioids-crisis-in-a-rural-community/
dr. veronica parker, pediatrician at taos clinic for children and youth


taos clinic for children and youth welcomes a new pediatrician, dr. clifford scott.

					 		november 22, 2024					 		


							 					taos clinic for children & youth							 				



taos clinic for children and youth (tccy) is thrilled to announce the addition of dr. clifford scott to its pediatric team. with over 30 years of experience as a practicing pediatrician, dr. scott brings a wealth of experience and compassion when caring for his patients. he joins the clinic in early december and is excited to serve the children and families in the taos region. 
born in roswell, nm, and raised in san antonio, tx, dr. scott’s journey into medicine began with his love for science. “i thought i would go into environmental sciences for a while,” dr. scott shared, “but i quickly started thinking about how amazing it would be to have the opportunity to care for people. i coupled my love for science with my love for working with kids.” choosing to work as a pediatrician allows him to combine both passions. his love for pediatrics was further cemented during his medical school rotation where he was able to work with kids and their families for the first time. “i kept an open mind when i entered medical school. i enjoyed all of my rotations, and i did pediatrics last, but the love for the kids and my skill set directed me directly to pediatrics.” he said.

after completing his pre-med at baylor university, medical degree at texas tech, and pediatric residency at the san antonio health science center, dr. scott became the first doctor in his family. his open communication style and friendly rapport make him a valued partner for families. “i want them to think of me not just as a physician but as someone they can have a personal relationship with,” he explains. 
one of dr. scott’s greatest joys in pediatrics is helping families. “seeing smiles on the kids’ faces and relief on the parents’ faces — knowing i have the opportunity to do that daily is very rewarding,” he says. his commitment to building deep relationships with his patients and their families has been a hallmark of his long career.
tccy offers comprehensive pediatric services for children of all ages. dr. scott is joining a great team that includes veronica parker, dr. keith krist, kerry hopes, marie sanchez, and morgan verkuilen. this team of highly skilled pediatricians, medical assistants, and support staff are committed to delivering top-notch medical care in a warm and child-friendly environment. whether it’s routine check-ups, vaccinations, or specialized treatments, tccy is here to ensure the well-being of your children, supporting them on their journey to a happy and healthy life.
in his free time, dr. scott enjoys outdoor activities such as hiking, fishing, and camping, along with music. he is excited to join a local choir and also plays guitar. dr. scott and his wife, sherry, who is also a physician, moved to taos with their dog, albert, a standard poodle. they have three children.



please join us in welcoming dr. clifford scott to taos clinic for children and youth. his dedication to pediatric care and his love for children will make him a perfect fit for our team and community.
taos clinic for children and youth is accepting new patients and same-day sick visits are available. for more information about tccy’s services visit taospeds.org or call (575) 758-8651



celebrate your physical health this month

					 		october 24, 2024					 		


							 					physical therapy & rehabilitation							 				



							 					holy cross hospital							 				



october is national physical therapy month, and it’s the perfect time to highlight the compassionate care provided by the team at holy cross physical therapy and rehabilitation. their specialized treatments cover areas such as hand therapy, pelvic floor rehabilitation, balance and fall prevention, orthopedic rehabilitation, and neurological recovery. the team also provides pain management, manual therapy, and movement analysis for various conditions, from sports injuries to post-surgical recovery. the center is committed to personalized care to help patients regain strength and mobility at any stage of life.
to celebrate pt month, here are three key tips to help you stay physically healthy:

pay attention to your balance: balance issues are a leading cause of falls, especially as we age. strengthening exercises and balance training can help you maintain stability and prevent injuries.
stay active: regular exercise not only improves muscle strength and joint flexibility but also helps maintain cardiovascular health. even moderate physical activity like walking or stretching can have lasting benefits.
listen to your body: whether it’s discomfort from an old injury or new aches, addressing issues early with professional guidance from physical therapists can optimize movement.

this october, let’s take a moment to recognize physical therapists for their dedication to improving lives through movement. physical therapists play a crucial role in helping people recover from injuries, manage pain, and maintain mobility. national physical therapy month is a great reminder of the importance of staying active, maintaining balance, and prioritizing physical health at every stage of life. learn more about the team at taosphysicalhealth.com
the holy cross physical therapy & rehabilitation team (left to right) marcia ready, stephanie anaya, john kears, darlene cordova, tracey poffenroth prato, nikita bhavsar, kathy alcon, carolyn coyle, and katherine kulp


paint taos pink throughout the month of october!

					 		september 26, 2024					 		


							 					paint taos pink!							 				




october is breast cancer awareness month, and taos will once again shine a bright shade of pink as the community comes together for the 10th anniversary of the annual “paint taos pink” campaign. the month of events will benefit holy cross medical center’s taos cancer support services program, with all the money raised staying local to help individuals and families experiencing cancer.
jeannie ross, director of community health services at holy cross medical center, shared insights about the importance of this event and its impact on the taos community. 

“paint taos pink is more than just a series of fun and vibrant activities; it’s a powerful reminder of the support that exists within our community for those battling cancer,” ross explained. “this event allows us to show solidarity with our neighbors while raising funds that directly benefit those in need.” 

the taos cancer support services program is an initiative of holy cross medical center. the program offers vital services to individuals and families affected by cancer. these services include cancer support groups, patient navigation, financial assistance for travel to medical appointments, meal support, and access to complementary therapies. ross emphasized how these services help ease the burdens many cancer patients face, particularly in rural communities like taos, where access to specialized treatment may require traveling long distances.

“many cancer patients in taos have to travel for treatment, which can be costly and emotionally draining,” ross said. “paint taos pink helps us raise funds to provide travel vouchers and gas cards so patients can focus on their treatment and recovery without the added stress of financial strain.”

paint taos pink event highlights
during the month of october, there are a  wide range of activities aimed at engaging participants of all ages and backgrounds. some of the key events planned for this year include:

silent auction at the stables gallery – this year’s auction will run from october 25th to 27th with an opening reception on friday the 25th from 5pm-7pm. artwork and jewelry from local artists including walt gonsky, geraint smith, johnathan warm day coming, ed sandoval, larry martinez, susan gancher, mark strong, and so many others. there will also be gift certificates from local businesses to bid on. 100% of the proceeds support cancer patients in our region through the taos cancer support services program. in 2023 the auction raised over $16,000 to support the program.
snip and sip with ultraviolet forestry – come to ultraviolet floristry and create a flower arrangement while supporting taos cancer support services. there are three events hosted throughout the month. october 3rd at 5:30pm, october 12th at 10:30am, and october 18th at 5:30pm. 
pink or swim – an exciting new event sponsored by the town of taos for paint taos pink is pink or swim at the youth and family center on october 11th from 2:30pm-4:30pm. take the pink plunge and hop around on the wibit obstacle course! they’re dying the pool water pink in honor of breast cancer awareness month.
yoga for cancer awareness – wellness and healing are central themes of the event, and this year’s paint taos pink features the annual posing in pink event at aura fitness on october 19th from 8am-9:15am. “yoga is not only a great way to raise awareness but also provides relaxation and healing for cancer patients and survivors,” ross said.
pink happy hour at the rolling still lounge – come to rolling still on october 5th from 4pm – 7pm for pink happy hour! there will be pink drinks, hair tinsel, and a raffle!

dine out and support the cause!
every year restaurants in and around taos join the cause and donate proceeds from a dedicated date to support the program. in 2023, over $5,000 was donated by local restaurants, which means you can dine out and support a great cause! visit one of the following restaurants on their committed day and a portion of their proceeds will support paint taos pink.

gutiz – october 4th (8am-2pm)
taos valley lodge espresso bar – october 7th – pink cupcake day!
pizaños – october 12th (5pm-9pm)
taos mesa brewing tap room – october 14th (noon-9pm)
martyrs steakhouse – october 24th (11am-4pm)
aceq – october 30th (5pm-9pm)

one of the key messages ross emphasized was the importance of keeping funds raised through paint taos pink local. “when people donate or participate in these events, they’re supporting their friends, neighbors, and loved ones,” she said. “every dollar stays right here in taos and goes directly to supporting cancer patients in our community.”
the local support extends beyond the medical services provided by holy cross medical center. local businesses, artists, and volunteers all contribute to making paint taos pink a success. “this event really shows the heart of taos,” ross said. “the businesses that donate, the artists who contribute to the silent auction, the people who volunteer their time, and support from the town of taos — it’s a true community effort.” along with hosting the pink or swim event, the town of taos will be placing paper flowers throughout the town in honor of breast cancer awareness month.
there are many ways for community members to get involved in paint taos pink, whether it’s through attending events, donating to the cause, or even volunteering. ross encouraged everyone to participate in some way. “you don’t have to attend every event or make a large donation—every little bit helps. whether you show up for a yoga class, bid on an item at the auction, or simply spread the word about the event, you’re making a difference.” 
paint taos pink continues to grow each year, and so does the impact it has on the lives of those affected by cancer in the taos community. 

“we want people to know that they’re not alone in this fight,” ross concluded. “this event is a reminder that the taos community is here to support them every step of the way.”

for a full list of events, restaurants, and more information, visit taoscancersupport.org


dr. stephen balise, general surgeon, joins the team at holy cross surgical specialties

					 		august 29, 2024					 		


							 					holy cross surgical specialties							 				



							 					holy cross hospital							 				



holy cross surgical specialties is thrilled to welcome dr. stephen balise to taos. dr. balise is   a highly skilled general surgeon and joins the team with a deep commitment to patient care, a passion for his craft, and a strong sense of community.
dr. stephen balise was raised in rural massachusetts, where he grew up with an older sister, an older brother, and a twin brother. his parents were both blue-collar workers. his father worked in tthe used car business and his mother was a middle school teacher. their commitment to their careers instilled in him the importance of family and hard work. dr. balise attended the university of massachusetts amherst, which allowed him to stay close to his family and share his college experience with both of his brothers, a connection that remains strong to this day.
this strong foundation of family and community has undoubtedly shaped dr. balise’s approach to medicine. “growing up in a close-knit family taught me the importance of connection, which i try to bring into my work with patients. i believe establishing a relationship with not just the patient, but their entire family, is a crucial part of achieving a successful outcome,” he shares.
dr. balise’s journey into medicine was catalyzed by a profound personal loss. while a freshman in college, he lost one of his best friends, a tragedy that left him feeling helpless. “that experience solidified my decision to pursue medicine,” he explains. 

“i never wanted to feel that helpless again, but more importantly, i wanted to be able to help the families of my future patients from experiencing that type of loss.”

this deep sense of empathy and drive to make a difference has carried dr. balise through his medical training and into his career as a surgeon. his dedication to patient care is evident in his approach to surgery, where he prioritizes effective and safe operations while maintaining open communication with patients and their families.
dr. balise brings a wealth of expertise to holy cross surgical specialties, with a focus on procedures such as gallbladder surgeries, hernia repairs, and colonoscopies. he is particularly excited about the opportunity to grow the hospital’s surgical robotics practice. in october 2024, holy cross hospital will be installing a state-of-the-art da vinci 5 surgical robot – a tool with which dr. balise is fully trained and excited to use. “the da vinci system allows for minimally invasive surgeries with incredible precision and control. this can lead to faster recovery and better outcomes for patients, it’s really incredible to have this technology right here in taos” he notes.
while dr. balise’s journey to taos was somewhat serendipitous, he felt an immediate connection to the community. “before i visited for my interview, i knew very little about taos. but within hours of arriving in taos, i felt at home,” he recalls.

“after my interview, my brother called to ask how it went, and i simply said, ‘i think you’ll be visiting me in taos next year if they’ll have me.”

beyond his professional life, dr. balise is looking forward to exploring his new home. he enjoys reading, following boston sports, and he’s also excited about taking up skiing again, which he hasn’t pursued in years but is eager to revisit in the beautiful taos mountains.
dr. balise’s family remains in massachusetts, with his parents staying close to his sister and her family in toronto. however, his brothers are not too far away, residing in colorado and california, and he jokes that he’s already working on convincing them to move to taos.
as dr. balise settles into his new role at holy cross surgical specialties, he is eager to contribute to the health and well-being of the taos community. his combination of expertise, empathy, and enthusiasm makes him a valuable addition to the team.
for more information, visit taossurgery.org



monthly video update

					in an effort to help our community understand the changes happening in health care and at the hospital, we will be posting regular updates from the administration at holy cross medical center to help share information with the public.
				









news




holy cross medical center continues successful recruitment efforts


						 		view post >
						 	



pediatricians avoid burnout while addressing opioids crisis in a rural community  


						 		view post >
						 	



holy cross hospital’s labor and delivery department offers prepared childbirth classes beginning in 2025


						 		view post >
						 	



		view all news posts >
	










575-758-8883



 find us on facebook







locations

holy cross cardiology
holy cross hospital
holy cross primary care
holy cross surgical specialties
holy cross women’s health institute
taos clinic for children & youth


about us

our team
services
contact
brand assets


patients & visitors

sliding fee discount program
visiting holy cross hospital
policies & procedures
billing & payments
patient advocacy & customer relations
non-discrimination notice
quality and patient satisfaction
privacy practices
patient rights
price transparency




					copyright 2025, holy cross medical center
				












 

serviceslocations▼holy cross cardiologyholy cross hospital▼anticoagulation clinicdiabetes managementemergency departmenthuman resourceslabor and deliverylaboratoryhospital auxiliaryimaging & radiologyinfusion clinicobservation unitphysical therapy & rehabilitationsexual assault nurse examinerwound careholy cross primary careholy cross surgical specialtiesholy cross women’s health institutetaos clinic for children & youthprograms▼benefit navigationtaos cancer support services▼paint taos pink!for the health of it!cancer support love quiltfirst stepstaos alivechildren’s trust fundrural ob & maternal servicesabout us▼mission/vision/historyour teamcommitment to excellencecommunity impacteventssince 1936: a legacy of caringfinancial & annual reportsboard of directors▼board meetingsemploymentnews▼mill levy funded repairsgeneral newsmake a donation▼charge master list – cost of servicespatients & visitors▼visitor informationpolicies & proceduresbilling & payments▼payment optionsfinancial assistancecost of services & price transparencyno surprises actpatient advocacy & customer relationsnon-discrimination noticeprivacy practicespatient rightstotal joint replacement videoscovid-19patient portal 




























