ï»¿





godfrey illinois attorney lawyer | alton illinois class action 
lawyer | madison county lawyer











		formerly schaeffer & lamere, p.c.
		

		phone (314) 799-2649

		537 pearl st., godfrey, il 62035





home













about the schaeffer law office, p.c.
formerly known as schaeffer & lamere, the schaeffer law office, 
			p.c., is located in the st. louis metropolitan area near alton, 
			illinois, and is owned and operated by evan schaeffer.
since 1990, mr. schaeffer has worked primarily as a civil 
			litigator. he has represented both defendants and plaintiffs in a 
			wide variety of actions throughout the country. 
early in his career, mr. schaeffer worked at a large law firm 
			where he defended corporations in the areas of admiralty, railroad, 
			medical malpractice, and general commercial litigation. he also 
			practiced white-collar criminal law. 
since leaving the defense practice in 1996, mr. schaeffer has exclusively 
			represented consumers in matters both large and small. as one of the 
			first class-action lawyers in the st. louis area, mr. schaeffer 
			aided ordinary people in a wide variety of actions, including
			jarmon v. national travel services, melvin 
			v. ameritech, and 
			farmer v. jackson national. working both alone and with 
			co-counsel throughout the country, mr. schaeffer was also involved 
			in numerous other high-profile class action and mass-tort cases, 
			including cases against wyeth pharmaceuticals and merck. mr. 
			schaeffer has also litigated many personal-injury cases.
on this website, you will find further biographical information 
			about mr. schaeffer. though mr. schaeffer is always happy to take 
			calls about legal matters (and will personally answer his phone), he 
			now works mostly on cases referred by other lawyers. he also spends 
			time helping other lawyers learn about litigation, primarily through 
			his books and written work at 
trial practice tips 
			and 
legal underground.
follow the link to read more about 
			evan schaeffer. 
			you can also read about press 
			coverage and published court 
			opinions. you can reach mr. schaeffer by phone or at evan.schaeffer --at-- gmail.com.

			please note that the choice of a lawyer is an important decision and 
			should not be based solely upon advertisements or websites.













home | |
		press coverage 
copyright â© 2010 schaeffer & lamere, p.c. all rights reserved.






