









kathleen brady - 











icon caret-left



icon caret-right



instagram



pinterest



linkedin



facebook



twitter



goodreads



question-circle



facebook circle



twitter circle



linkedin circle



instagram circle



goodreads circle



pinterest circle




















winner of a catholic media association award








































buy on amazon








buy on barnes & noble









 
"brady chronicles the turbulent journeys of the two saints…the author brings to vivid life the religious and political tumult of the time—which included the crusades—and astutely articulates the various lines of theological division. furthermore, the book is lucidly written, a scrupulously thorough account enlivened by what brady calls "novelistic details," the minutiae, however imagined, that immerse readers in the drama...as captivating as it is rigorous."           —kirkus reviews
view the book trailer









tcm podcasts on lucille ball 
throughout the series, but especially episode 3








the guardian
brady's assessment of the enduring popularity of "i love lucy"









american icons: lucille ball
(7.01 mb)

foxnation.com offers a trial subscription -- search "american icons"










npr planet money podcast
kathleen brady on ida tarbell's investigation of john d. rockefeller








pbs american experience
brady's short profile of ida tarbell








npr interview on how lucy and desi led the way for today's interracial tv families
karen g. bates reporting











new e-book edition













new e-book edition 























quick links








francis and clare the struggles of the saints of assisi
a trailer for the dual biography of these great medieval figures






smithsonian magazine 
the author on aaron sorkin's film
















order books from barnes & noble!






order books from amazon!






authors guild











selected works




anthology




america's mayor: the hidden history of rudy giuliani's new york



biography




lucille the life of lucille ball

a new look at a beloved figure




ida tarbell portrait of a muckraker

the woman who without the right to vote took on the world's most powerful man and won




forgotten heroes -- hazel brannon smith













































kathleen brady










home


about the author


on nyc


podcasts/articles


contact
























kathleen brady photo by michelle bergman 



 
francis and clare the struggles of the saints of assisi
 
"the story of francis and clare is surprisingly modern. we learn enough about them in ms. brady's narrative to appreciate their quirks and powerfully independent personalities. sometimes their story is dramatized, which is not to say that the biographer makes up scenes or events, but from documents and testimony she is able to recreate certain days in the lives of her subjects." – carl rollyson, the new york sun  
"francis and clare is a wonderful book that shows the humanness and struggles of two of our greatest saints. for all those interested in the franciscan charism and for those who have not yet been introduced to it, this book will not disappoint." – catholic media association award 2022
 
ida tarbell portrait of a muckraker
 
"kathleen brady's triumphant portrait of ida tarbell will last for generations. no other biography of ida tarbell is likely to provide a move vivid look at this endlessly fascinating woman." – doris kearns goodwin
 
"kathleen brady brings to life the personality of ida tarbell, queen of the muckrakers, who was one of the first women to break the gender gap in american journalism…the biography is replete with revealing anecdotes." – the new york times
 
"…a graceful new biography" – time magazine
 
"it is with some joy that i read kathleen brady's fine new biography, ida tarbell: portrait of a muckraker, and have at last made the acquaintance of surely the bravest and most determined woman in american journalism and among the most diligent and scrupulous in her work." – gloria emerson, washington journalism review
 
"based on thorough research in manuscript collections and on a knowledge of most of the relevant secondary literature ida tarbell: portrait of a muckraker is a well-written and lively book. it should be read by all those interested in the history of journalism and the progressive era as well as by those concerned with the role of women in american history." – the american historical review
 
lucille the life of lucille ball
 
"the strengths of lucille the life of lucille ball are as manifold as they manifest.brady is meticulous." – toronto globe and mail
 
"the best biography of lucille ball." – nashville banner
 
"without ignoring the darker aspects of ball's life, brady portrays a woman of impressive determination and resilience." – time magazine
 
"every so often there comes along a book with new insights into the contradictions of show business – new even to those of us who have studied it for years. she makes the reader feel for lucy in the upsets and errors she experience, making her far more vulnerable than her popular image would suggest." – david shipman

































loading…}























