



custom dodgers built by iverson's designs











































































































































































welcome to iverson's design incorporated, the  exclusive manufacturer of the iverson's brand   i-top canvas dodger design and the iverson's cockpit enclosure design  system for sailboats.    the iverson's i-top canvas dodger is a  proprietary design protected by law that has received 11 international awards  for its excellence in craftsmanship and overall design. our mission is to  provide our clients with a quality brand product that is distinctly unique and  detailed, unparalleled by any other. each canvas dodger is manufactured using  durable materials to ensure structural integrity and years of performance. when  designing the i-top dodger to fit a sailboat ,   our design team focuses on


the characteristics of the boat, it's lines,  style, and detail. they then incorporate these characteristics into the dodger  so that it compliments the beauty of a sailboat. we feel strongly that a canvas  dodger should become an element of good design, a work of art, an asset to your  boats appearance. our attention to the dodger's aesthetic detail is harmonized  with it's functional requirements to assure a balanced design that adds style,  comfort, and safety to your boat.
please note:   iverson's design inc. is not a general canvas shop or repair shop.  we are a design and manufacturing  company  that strictly focuses on the  production of our products.  we do not  provide repair services or custom made canvas accessories.  we only manufacture our products and  customize them to fit on your sailboat. 


















the iverson's i-top dodger design is constructed with a unique proprietary stainless steel fitting system that was designed and developed by jason iverson himself.  through years of research and prototyping jason was able to make his fruition come to life bringing the iverson's brand dodger to a whole new level of excellence.   there really is no other when it comes to the level of detail, innovation and distinguishing characteristics of the iverson's brand i-top dodger design.  the high quality 316l stainless steel fitting system enhances the structural integrity of iverson's dodgers making them the ultimate in tensioned canvas structure design. see more...










ask our crew how you can make your new iverson's i-top dodger a glow in the dark dodger.  your friends will always know what sailboat is yours when you say, "just look for the glow-in-the-dark dodger.".

see more...










expert advice from designer jason iverson about choosing the best materials and options for the construction of your new iverson's i-top dodger.  .

learn more...






 








is your sailboat located outside of our local coverage area? no problem...  iverson's design team travels.  we service washington, oregon, and california.  we can also travel to other locations as well.  if your sailboat is located on the east coast or alaska and you are affiliated with a yacht club or another type of sailboat organization, find out if others in your club, marina or association are looking to get a new dodger. learn more... 
california customers! we now offer service from san francisco bay area down to san diego, including alameda, sausalito, oakland, dana point, newport beach, marina del rey, long beach and more...  if your sailboat is located  anywhere in california, contact us to learn how you can get an iverson's dodger.















the "road crew" at iverson's is on the go, constructing dodgers on sailboats of all makes and styles between portland, oregon and washington. with their efficient design and manufacturing methods you can have a new custom canvas dodger in as little as a week*.
*please note that the iverson's dodger waiting list can be 2 to 4 months out, upon scheduling. once iverson's begins the canvas dodger construction it can be completed in as little as 7 days.
















save big $ when you bring your boat to olympia!!!
bring your boat to olympia to get outfitted with a new iverson's i-top dodger and/or other canvas work and save big time!  there are many things to do and see within walking distance of olympia's swantown marina guest docks.  great restaurants, farmers market, antique shops, art galleries, quilting shops, etc..  also, within walking distance is a full service boat yard just south of swantown marina guest docks.  coordinate to have other work done to your boat while you are here making it a one stop shop experience.
 learn more...













come see us at the seattle boat show in january or september. then in april, come see us at the strictly sail pacific show in oakland, california and strictly  sail long beach, california. we will also be at the san diego boat show. we really enjoy participating
                        in these shows because it
                        gives us the rare opportunity
                        to reconnect with many of
                        our previous clients. through
                        their continual compliments
                        to the quality and design
                        of our canvas dodger's, it is reassuring
                        to know that we are providing
                        a product that is enhancing
                        our clients sailing experiences
                        in the northwest and beyond.
learn more...
















 






















check out our latest color trends






check out our
                  extreme product testing videos
                







what makes our product better







interactive
build-a-frame





check out our interactive build-a-dodger frame! 
a tool that helps you conceptualize how you can equip your new dodger frame.  we offer many options to help equip your canvas dodger for offshore use. with a few simple measurements we can fabricate a quality iverson's dodger frame equipped with our optional grab rail sets and ship it directly to you.  a great option for those of you located outside of our coverage area.







interactive
build-a-dodger





check out our interactive build-a-dodger canvas color combinations tool! 
                      a tool that helps you conceptualize a color scheme for your new canvas dodger.  we offer a large variety of color choices in acrylic canvas, binding, and material overlay.  have fun! for a complete list of colors take a look at the canvas color chart.























home
get a quote

itop dodger
options & upgrades
photo gallery
construction details
beneteau

accessories
bimini & connectors
enclosure panels
sunshade screen panels

window covers 
solar panel mounting system



cleaning products & tools
iverson branded clothing

build-a-dodger
dodger frame options
dodger canvas options
canvas color chart
frequently 
asked questions 
videos
awards
about iversons
crew
feedback
in the news
contact
maintenance
x-treme makeover






© copyright
              
              by iverson's design, inc. all rights reserved. unauthorized reproduction is prohibited. 
               phone: 206-849-2274 -- mailing
                                              address: iverson's design, inc., po box 898 centralia wa 98531
  a note to fellow fabricators.     website maintained by notable web, inc.











