






mission | matthew griggs, d.arts
























































 


























 
matthew griggs, d.arts
teaching portfolio 

 


toggle navigation





mission
experience
planning
teaching
assessment
education
clubs
 

































   “the mind does not require filling like a bottle, but rather, like wood, it only requires kindling.”  ~ plutarch
teaching mission
to lead my students to understanding through caring, imagination, and consistency. to be a model of patience, preparation, creativity, and critical thinking. to educate students with the capacity to separate fact from opinion, and the skills which will allow them to make good choices in life.
teaching vision
to foster a lifelong love of learning in my students, and to ensure that my first goal is always to help them reach theirs.
remote learning commitment statement 
as a teacher with a strong online presence, i commit to: 1) developing my social, cognitive, and teaching presence by equitably and actively participating in the virtual life of my class teams, 2) building genuine relationships with students by requesting student feedback and offering meaningful ongoing feedback in turn, 3) planning active learning activities using models such as the 5es and mindframes of visible learning, 4)creating flexible assessments that capitalize on the strengths of online learning, and 5) following mayer’s 12 principles of multimedia learning.













i was born in andover, massachusetts, and have since lived in new york, new hampshire, florida, maine, poland, lithuania, kuwait, and india. i studied at new college of florida, boston university, and the university at albany, earning bachelors, masters, and doctorate degrees in archaeology, classics, and humanities. i hold experienced educator teaching credentials in elementary education (k-5), middle school education (6-8), and english language arts (5-12) from the state of new hampshire, usa, and have taught middle school social studies and english classes for 17 years in 5 different countries. 
this portfolio provides an overview of my experience, teaching philosophy, and methods. 
 





 



































































