








home - access technologies, inc.




































































 





skip to content



 


search for:








 


search for:








call: 503-361-1201contacttoggle navigationhomesolutionsservice solutionsindependence at homeindependence in the communityindependence with your educationindependence at workexploring technologyobtaining technologydeaf-blind telecommunication servicesassessments and trainingsassistive technology assessmentsergonomic risk and workplace accesscognitive and learning assessmentscomputer access  assessmentsassistive technology training servicesdragon voice recognition training servicesdevice loanresourceswebinarsassistive technology fundingmarketplaceaboutaccess technologies, inc.oregon statewide at programcontacticanconnect oregoncontact & hourstoggle navigationhomesolutionsservice solutionsindependence at homeindependence in the communityindependence with your educationindependence at workexploring technologyobtaining technologydeaf-blind telecommunication servicesassessments and trainingsassistive technology assessmentsergonomic risk and workplace accesscognitive and learning assessmentscomputer access  assessmentsassistive technology training servicesdragon voice recognition training servicesdevice loanresourceswebinarsassistive technology fundingmarketplaceaboutaccess technologies, inc.oregon statewide at programcontacticanconnect oregoncontact & hours
 





homejeremy2024-08-08t05:31:44-07:00 
specialists in ergonomic and assistive technology
assistive technology. we’ve got you covered.our specialists are committed to helping you achieve independence. whether you have questions about technology devices or want to explore our services, we are here to support you every step of the way. browse our website or feel free to reach out to us by clicking the link below to send an email or give us a call.
request assistancespecialists in ergonomic and assistive technology
assistive technology. we’ve got you covered.request assistanceexploring technologyati’s demonstration and lending library makes exploring technology options easy and cost effective.
learn moreobtaining technologyati improves your access to affordable new and used assistive technology and durable medical equipment.
learn moreassessments and trainingsati provides assessments and trainings to help you gain or maintain independence at home, work, school, or in your community.
learn morestaying connected has never been easier
icanconnect – oregonprovides equipment and training to people with significant combined hearing and vision loss so they can stay connected to friends and family.
learn about icanconnectlearn morehear what meagan has to say about icanconnect

https://accesstechnologiesinc.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/ati-icanconnect-meagan-7-27-23.mp3achieve educational dreamsexplore assistive technology designed to reduce barriers through

encouragement of positive motivation and behavior
enhanced organizational skills and increased focus
communication with minimal stress, fatigue, and misunderstanding
reduced frustrate with written expression

learn morehealthy employees, healthy workplaceergonomic and assistive technology solutions reduce employment barriers from

repetitive stress
reduced mobility
chronic illness
limited range of motion

learn moreenjoy living … enjoy lifeassistive technology allows you to participate in activities you enjoy

crafts and hobbies
indoor and outdoor recreation
shopping
visiting with family and friends

learn moreassistive technology fundingassisting oregonians with purchasing at devices and services
learn morecommunity agency resourcesconnecting oregonians to at-related devices and services
learn moreschedule appointmentour team is committed to helping you achieve independence through technology. click the button below to send an email or give us a call.
call us: 503-361-1201email usschedule appointmentour team is committed to helping you achieve independence through technology. click the button below to send an email or give us a call.
call us: 503-361-1201email us



 
 
2225 lancaster drive nesalem, or 97305info@accesstechnologiesinc.orgphone: (503) 361-1201toll-free: 1-800-677-7512fax: (503) 370-4530hours: m-f, 8 am to 4:30 pm
useful linksassessments and trainings
device lending library
marketplace
icanconnect
tutorials
subscribe to our newsletteremail address *success! you should receive an email confirming you would like to subscribe to our newsletter.×there was an error trying to subscribe. please try again.×submit© copyright  2025  access technologies, inc.   all rights reserved.   |   privacy policy and disclaimers   |   terms of use
2225 lancaster drive nesalem, or 97305info@accesstechnologiesinc.orgphone: (503) 361-1201toll-free: 1-800-677-7512fax: (503) 370-4530hours: m-f, 8 am to 4:30 pm
toggle navigationhomesolutionsservice solutionsindependence at homeindependence in the communityindependence with your educationindependence at workexploring technologyobtaining technologydeaf-blind telecommunication servicesassessments and trainingsassistive technology assessmentsergonomic risk and workplace accesscognitive and learning assessmentscomputer access  assessmentsassistive technology training servicesdragon voice recognition training servicesdevice loanresourceswebinarsassistive technology fundingmarketplaceaboutaccess technologies, inc.oregon statewide at programcontacticanconnect oregoncontact & hourssubscribe to our newsletteremail address *success! you should receive an email confirming you would like to subscribe to our newsletter.×there was an error trying to subscribe. please try again.×submit© copyright  2025  access technologies, inc.   all rights reserved.   |   privacy policy and disclaimers   |   terms of use


 
 
page load link




























































 


go to top





