





james a. cummings general contractors



























home
portfolio
services
community
news
about us
contact us






		error loading partial view script (file: ~/views/macropartials/recent news.cshtml)
	



















welcome to james a. cummings, inc.
since 1981, james a. cummings, inc. has built an unparalleled reputation based on a simple formula: good neighbors building quality projects on time, within budget, and without litigation for satisfied clients. our commitment to this pledge of total quality has made us one of the top-ranked commercial construction companies in the southeast. in 2003, cummings became a wholly owned subsidiary of the tutor perini corporation (nyse: tpc) who is consistently ranked among the top builders in the country by engineering news record.
james a. cummings, inc. continues to expand in its core markets led by founder william r. derrer, president and ceo, and now backed by the national strength and deep resources of tutor perini. these resources support our mission to expand our expertise and solutions-oriented construction management services throughout florida and the southeast united states.



project spotlight:broward county courthouse
the new broward county courthouse in downtown fort lauderdale is a 20-story, 714,000 sf civil and family courthouse facility which will include 45 full-size courtrooms, 12 smaller courtrooms, 18 hearing rooms, and staff and support spaces; construction of new pedestrian bridges between the new tower and existing east wing courthouse; construction of a new exterior elevator core of the existing east wing courthouse; renovations of the existing east wing courthouse facility and demolition of the existing west and central wings; and construction of a new 500 car secure parking garage and new public plaza.
this project is part of the overall broward county judicial complex, including the existing courthouse facility and main jail, both of which remain open during construction. when completed, the new courthouse will include 105,000 of glass walls, 11,500 energy efficient light fixtures, and 5,300 tons of reinforced steel. the building is being built to leed silver level certification.







home :: about us :: services :: projects :: community :: news :: contact us


                © 2025 : james a. cummings, inc. a tutor perini company
            








