





























ua local 1 | plumbers






















phone: 718.738.7500
fax: 718.835.0896



email us



50-02 fifth street, 2nd floor
                                long island city, new york 11101




log in






















log in








homestart here

us alliance



aboutcategories

members only
member committees
officers
jurisdiction
history
organizing
wage rates
civil service
political action
government info.
promotional info.
photo gallery
news archive
links


eventswhat's coming up?

training centerthe future!

fund officebenefits!

mybenefits portal
ez pay
empower retirement


civil serviceagency members
contactget in touch



















                            ua plumbers local 1
                        

we do it right the first time.
                            we are among the best trained in the world.

know more






                            drugs/alcohol abuse and the mental health crisis
                        


						 plumbers local 1 is here to help you.
                         mental health and substance use benefits are available to you.
						 the plumbers local 1 peer group meeting regularly.


click here for benefits

click here for peer network


                         visit the members only section for a list of upcoming confidential meetings.




























in observance of presidents' day, the union office and fund office will close at 3pm on friday, february 14th, 2025, and will reopen on tuesday, february 18th, 2025 at 8am.

in 2025, the union office will be accepting applications for a change of classification from mes journeyman to building trades journeyman. click here for more information.

the officers of plumbers local 1 have posted the first edition 2024 year-end report. click here to read it now.

don't delay! plan your sst card renewal, today! click here for details.













top news
check for the latest top stories in ua local 1 news, business, politics and events.

















dod halts plas on construction projects




















fundraiser for brother dave smalley




















afl-cio files emergency lawsuit against doge




















con ed blames state gas ban bill for proposed rate hikes




















whole foods uses nlrb to sidestep union win in philly




















u.s. rep biggs introduces bill to scrap osha
























welcome to plumbers local 1
our contractors are available 24-hours a day for all your plumbing needs.









welcome to plumbers local 1 of new york city


plumbers protect the health of the nation and the highly skilled members of local 1 are no different. we specialize in both commercial and residential work, and also in medical gas certification and back-flow testing. we work on everything from stadiums to your residential home and small business. our contractors are available 24-hours a day for all your plumbing needs.

we encourage you to peruse our website to learn more about us. if you are a contractor, we want you to contact us and we can send a member of our team to evaluate your upcoming project. what separates us from everyone else is our skill and training. our apprentices go through a rigorous 5-year program on their way to becoming experienced journeymen, but the training doesn't end there. we continue to provide training so that there is no project too small or complex that we cannot fulfill on-time and budget for you!

contact us today to learn how you can employ our highly skilled workforce or to become a member of plumbers local 1!












our affiliations
check out some of our associations with the industry.














associations



















united association




                                                            the united association of journeymen and apprentices of the plumbing and pipe fitting industry of the united states, canada and australia (ua).
                                                        





















helmet to hardhats




                                                            helmets to hardhats is a national, nonprofit program that connects national guard, reserve, retired and transitioning active-duty military service members.
                                                        




















ua vip



military and government officials have launched ua vip as a model in workforce development. paid for entirely by the ua and its industry partners at no cost to participants.




















union plus



afl-cio union plus benefits help current and retired labor union members and their families save money and support them through major milestones, celebrations and hardships.




















rock the vote



founded twenty-one years ago at the intersection of popular culture and politics, rock the vote has registered more than five million young people to vote.






































our workforce takes pride in partnering with our signatory contractors in providing sophisticated piping systems to the end user.
from underground installations to final connections of fixtures and equipment, a plumber is required to have all the physical and mental skills needed to get the job done right the first time. 













sitemap





home
about
events
training
us alliance
fund office
contact











address






50-02 fifth street, 2nd floor
                                    long island city, new york 11101

phone: 718-738-7500

fax: 718-835-0896













copyright © 2023 ua local 1 | all rights reserved | developed by unionlaborworks













log in










username*








password*























































