

  















home - alison uttley aesthetics

























































toggle navigation











home
about 

dr. alison uttley
treatment locations
what is aesthetic medicine


botulinum toxins 

jaw joint and facial pain
sweating
line smoothers


dermal fillers 

hyaluronic acid fillers
sculptra™


laser 

facial redness
sunspots & brown marks


other 

microsclerotherapy of thread veins
collagen induction therapy


contact
 







































previous



next




 










a refreshing approach to rejuvenation  










line smoothersbotulinum a toxin can put targeted over expressive facial muscles into hibernation for an average of 3 months. great care is taken to keep the appearance natural.read more › 





hyperhidrosishyperhidrosis is a common medical condition in which a person sweats excessively. commonly affected areas are the underarms. sometimes it is not a symmetrical pattern. botulinum a toxin treatment in this area can have extremely pleasing results for patients who have tried everything else.read more › 





jaw dysfunctiontemporomandibular joint dysfunction (tmd,tmj, tmjd) is an umbrella term covering pain and dysfunction of the muscles of mastication (the muscles that move the jaw) and thetemporomandibular joints (the joints which connect the mandible to the skullread more › 





















sclerotherapy treatment for thread veins on my legs. i had my first session today, i was treated by alison uttley, who was excellent in manner and approach. she explained what was involved with the treatment and put me totally at ease. looking forward to my session. charming clinic in cuckfield looks very professional, staff extremely welcoming and polite, would highly recommend this clinic. full range of treatments available at a very reasonable cost, will definitely be back for other treatments in the future.

carole


what i most love about alison is that she won't overdo the treatments, whereas i could say i want this or that, she'll say no, you don't need that hence the 'look' after treatment is very natural.  i could get carried away, but she reins me in.   also her technique is so good that, frankly speaking, i can honestly say beyond a few squeezes around the eyes on the odd occasion, it's pretty much painless.  i have been going to her for several years now, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend her. 
vivienne, lindfield


just wanted to say thank you for the amazing difference your treatment has made to my face! can’t express how delighted i am-furrowed brow gone, upper lip unpuckered, lips lifted. 
jane, haywards heath


excellent, professional service. i highly recommend dr uttley. i appreciate her honest advice and am delighted with the results achieved. i have been a patient for 8 years and would not go anywhere else
maureen bailey


alison works differently to other people i’ve gone to. she uses tiny syringes and takes a long time preparing them another thing i haven’t had before is the numbing solution for botox, i didn’t feel a thing.
joan, hove


bruises with previous doctor- takes her time with light and patience. produced the effect i love without the need to hide my face for a week!
melissa


i has several thread veins treatments ending in march this year, i can’t emphasis enough her caring approach and attention to detail. perfect- i now feel happy enough to wear skirts and looking forward to being able to go swimming children on holiday, this summer.
maria, mid sussex


dr. uttley is through, professional and puts her patients at ease.
mr. d.w. hove


before my lip plumping i was very worried about the trout pout look and didn’t want to look unnatural. the result is exactly what i wanted. alison took my concerns seriously in this regard.
maria, brighton


alison uttley provides the best, most natural cosmetic results i have ever had. she understands discretion and my need not to look ten years younger- just good for my age.
name withheld.


i have completed 4 botox treatments now with dr. alison, she is kind and caring. i feel like i’m going to see an old friend- i chat so much that i hardly notice the treatment is finished! i would be happy to recommend arc to anyone but- actually it’s my secret. my partner and best friends do not know i have any help! it’s important to me that i do not look done. arc have certainly helped my achieve my aim.




i have been seeing alison for over ten years- and trust her implicitly my friends and i wouldn’t go to anyone else.
dee w


i have been for an initial treatment only. i was worried about having treatment but alison has such a natural approach with people and their faces. i had had botox before in the past but never has anyone taken the time to explain in such detail. 
ally


thank you for your attention and care with my fillers treatment last week. i had no bruising and the results, so far are so pleasing- thank you (message in a thank you card with permission)
viv, brighton











 










welcome to the sitemy approach to aesthetic medicinei prefer an honest informative approach. if you don't need any treatment, or there is no effective treatment - i will tell you so. some areas are very challenging to treat and i would rather you knew this from the beginning.i maintain an evolving relationship with my patients, where you are pivotal in the decision making process. you will be updated on the latest aesthetic developments with relevance to you.as far as actual treatments go, absolute pain control for procedures, absolute discretion and striving for perfection are priorities.i particularly dislike the trend for mixing alcohol with medical procedures ("botox parties") and have never been a fan of the "bee- stung" appearance of some lip sculptures.what are non- surgical treatments?non-surgical cosmetic treatments are essentially those which don’t require scalpels, surgery, scars or much down time. the results are less dramatic and often temporary, but they definitely give us the chance to recreate our former facial contours or to subtly enhance cheekbones or lips. this can be achieved with injectable dermal fillers such as restylane, juvederm or sculptra. the most popular treatment that i undertake is by far, is muscle relaxing injections with the botulinum toxin drugs which smooth early wrinkles to give the upper face a youthful, rested and natural appearance.perhaps surprisingly, anti-ageing is not all about reducing wrinkles themselves: evening out the complexion by removing thread vessels and sunspots on the face can have an equally marked effect. laser and intense pulsed light systems are the ideal tools to remove ageing facial redness and pigmentation.is it for you?aesthetic medicine is no longer just for the rich and famous; its pursuit is very rarely motivated by vanity and it's certainly not exclusive to women. cosmetic medicine will appeal to anybody who simply wishes to make the most of themselves by enhancing or rejuvenating nature. it goes by many names: "anti- wrinkle beauty treatment", "non- surgical cosmetic treatment" and "facial rejuvenation". sometimes the treatment options and product names can be just as confusing. i would like to cut through the haze to explain your most suitable treatment options and to keep you informed of any promising developments.consultation appointmentsa confidential consultation aims to deal with your special concerns. i will map your face and, with your permission, take digital photographs. i like to be very clear about your choices of procedures, their cost and potential complications. treatment choices can be multiple, all of which deserve informed discussion.you may decide that you want to book a treatment or you may decide that aesthetic medicine is not for you, which is fine too. consultations are priced at just £25.who will be treating you?i conduct all treatments myself. i have worked in aesthetic medicine for over 16 years, after training extensively from 2001. i have qualifications in medicine and dentistry. i have accumulated several postgraduate qualifications and a great deal of experience. valuably, i have undergone most of the treatments i offer, giving me a unique perspective. whatever treatment you choose will be carried out with great attention to detail.dr. alison uttley bds, mbbs, btec skin, fdsrcs, mbcam.specialist in oral surgery and aesthetic practitioner.member of the british college of aesthetic medicinemember of the british association of oral surgeons 





 


 











treatment clinic in hassocks, mid sussex. site by weborchardacceptable use policy | cookies policy | privacy policy | terms of website use
phone: 01444 450888 or 07809 415211















×
request an appointment






 upon completing this booking, you will receive a booking confirmation!



                [booked-calendar]                




your information was successfully submitted.


















we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.okread more


