 wyoming genealogy - wyoming genealogy           skip to content




menu uinta countywyoming genealogywyoming genealogy is being developed as a genealogical and historical resource for your personal use. it contains information and records for wyoming ancestry, family history, and genealogy. specifically, it provides sources for birth records, death records, marriage records, census records, tax records, court records, and military records. it also provides some historical details about different times and people in wyoming history.wyoming’s pioneer ranchespioneer ranches of the rocky mountain empirelaramie plains first area to produce range cattlemarks and brands of albany county 1871-1880dr. h. latham, u. p. surgeon and laramie plains boosterwyoming stockgrazers association founded in laramie in 1871clashes between cattle and sheep owners on the laramie plainsal houston, pioneer indian fighter, hunter and guidelandmarks on the laramie plainsland descriptions. origin of terms section, township and rangeroads and freighting on the laramie plainsranches on the big laramie above laramie cityranches on the big laramie river below laramie cityranches on the little laramie riverthe ranches around tie siding and virginia daleranches of the black hills, sybille and blue grass north of laramieranches between the little laramie and rock creekranches on rock creekranches in northern albany countythe swan land and cattle companyking brothers company, world famous sheep breedersranches of the elk mountain country and bow riverfamous cowboys. top hands of the laramie plainsthe indispensable horse: ally of man at work and playwater, vital to man and beast: life blood of the laramie plainschanges in ranchingnew wyoming genealogy
marks and brands of albany county wyoming, 1871-1880

albany county from original books in the office of county clerk of albany countyby a. s. “bud” gillespie and r. h. “bob” burns these brands were entered in the order filed, and the figures give the month, day, and year on which they were filed. the list is a kind of who’s who of albany county livestock raisers, some of which became well established through the years and others whose names disappear from the tax rolls in a few years. these rugged men all had one thing in common, namely an unbounded faith in the future of the livestock industry on the…
laramie plains first area to produce range cattle

albany county atop the world are the laramie plains, an extensive plateau situated on top of the rocky mountains at an elevation of around 7,000 feet above sea level. they extend some hundred miles north and south from the colorado line to laramie peak, and are some fifty miles wide from the crest of the laramie mountains (black hills) on the east, to the medicine bow mountains on the west. the plains, along with the rivers and mountains, all bear the name laramie, from jacques laramie, an early day french trapper who was killed by indians in 1820 near the mouth of…
pioneer ranches of the rocky mountain empire

albany county resources of plains and origin of intermountain livestock industry by r. h. “bob” burns early explorers and later emigrants noticed the thick sod of grass covering the western plains west of the 100th meridian and they also noticed the good condition of the large herds of game such as buffalo, antelope, deer, and elk. it is not surprising that when travel-weary oxen were turned loose to graze on these short grasses they soon recovered their strength and rapidly put on flesh. many such incidents involving travel-weary oxen have been reported by word of mouth. stage masters and others with business…
gebo ghost town and cemetery, hot springs county, wyoming

hot springs county gebo ghost town and cemetery, hot springs county, wyomingn 43 47.511 w 108 14.4071/4 section 10, twp 44n, r95w this town was named for samuel w. gebo, who was a developer of the coal mines here in the 1880’s. gebo, wyoming was an active town for 32 years, 1906-1938. in 1929 there were about 1200 employees and families living in the area with over 600 employed in the coal mines of gebo. thus, these deaths represent only a few of those that must have occurred at gebo, wyoming and crosby, wyoming (the closest town to gebo). the first car of…
dickie mausoleum, hot springs county, wyoming

hot springs county dickie mausoleum, hot springs county, wyomingn 43 59.493 w 108 46.241elevation: 6592′ (there are five people buried here.) dave and james dickie were born on the islander bute off the coast of scotland. they tried new zealand. disillusioned with the conditions there, dave came to san francisco in 1884. he then took a job in the rock springs, wy area herding sheep for john lobar. bringing along a finely bred scottish collie dog, james joined his brother. they eventually ended up on enos creek, then gooseberry creek in hot springs county. other relatives came over. more history is contained in…
1883 pensioners – wyoming territory

statewide, albany county, carbon county, johnson county, laramie county, sweetwater county, uinta county list of pensioners on the roll january 1, 1883 – giving the name of each pensioner, the cause for which pensioned, the post-office address, and the date of original allowance, united states pension bureau senate – executive document 84, parts 1-5. this list is taken from the official pension roll of 1883, the major genealogical source for civil war and war of 1812 pensioners. pensioners are listed by post office address, and in no apparent order after that. albany county no. ofcertifi-cate.last nameof pensionerfirst nameof pensionerpost-officeaddresscause for which pensionedmonthlyratedate oforiginalallowance.128768kearneyfrancis j.deer creekinj. spleen$4.00june 187435697sleeperdanielfort fettermanw. l. hand2.00dec. 18649370boydjohndovar. veins legs8.00—107840wheelockbenjamin…
1
2
3
4
5
…
7
8
9
10
next »wyoming genealogy data and informationancestry articles, databases and productswyoming african american recordswyoming archives, libraries and societieswyoming cemetery recordswyoming census recordswyoming genealogy ~ historical mapswyoming history and genealogy societieswyoming land recordswyoming military recordswyoming newspaperswyoming vital recordsneighboring states colorado genealogy idaho genealogy montana genealogy nebraska genealogy south dakota genealogy utah genealogyunited states genealogysubscribe to wyoming genealogyenter your email address to subscribe to wyoming genealogy and receive notifications of new posts by email.

type your email…							








 
subscribe							
join 50 other subscriberswyoming genealogyancestry articles, databases and productsprivacy policywyoming archives, libraries and societieswyoming cemetery recordswyoming census recordswyoming genealogywyoming genealogy ~ historical mapswyoming history and genealogy societieswyoming land recordswyoming military recordswyoming newspaperswyoming vital recordswyoming genealogy by countyalbany countybig horn countycarbon countyconverse countyfremont countyhot springs countyjohnson countylaramie countynatrona countysheridan countystatewidesweetwater countyuinta countyweston countylatest wyoming genealogy1883 pensioners – wyoming territoryalmy wyomongbasin pioneer cemetery, basin, big horn county, wyomingbonanza cemetery, big horn county, wyomingbridger valley, uinta county, wyoming historybyron cemetery, big horn county, wyomingcambria cemetery, weston county, wyomingchinatown, evanston wyomingdickie mausoleum, hot springs county, wyomingearly days in evanston
© 2001-2025 wyoming genealogy. all rights reserved.             


