










home - texas association of builders
























































  


















;











skip to content












































contact us




contact us  























menu 
homeabout us about us how to join tab leadership & staff past presidents sunbelt builders show™ tab awards excellence under 45 of the year awards star awards texas housing hall of honor texas builders foundation tab storegovernment affairs advocacy & action center get involved government relations committee & special task force rally day government relations homepac homepac events industry topics & issues regulatory affairsmembership member programs contracts package model construction safety program comprehensive insurance program builder’s risk national purchasing partners hba rebate program small business growth partners product depot committees & councils workforce development resources & information publicizing your construction programs education local associations member directory member profile tab storeconsumer information natural disaster recovery hurricane recovery hiring a qualified contractor nahb resources state & national resources building in texasevents nahb / tab / hba calendar calendar of events sponsorship opportunities marketing opportunities current sponsorsnews tab communications texas builder magazine press releases tab facebook tab youtube








 













welcome to the






texas association of builders









facebook





twitter





youtube


















calendar


memberlogin 
 














calendar of events


calendar of events 
 
















builders


advocacy & action center 
 














calendar


product depot 
 





















the texas association of builders is dedicated to creating a positive business environment for the housing industry by addressing the housing issues of the people of texas.

















upcoming: rally day, february 11, 2025








rally day is a valuable opportunity for association members to visit the texas state capitol in austin, texas and talk with their local legislators and key policy staff face-to-face. this is a biennial advocacy event that corresponds to the texas legislature being in session. your attendance is important. by attending rally day, you serve as the strongest representation of the texas residential construction, remodeling, and development industry.

meet with your elected officials and their leading policy staff
be the face of the texas homebuilding industry
share your knowledge of the industry to protect it
learn about legislative policy proposals that may impact the industry
collaborate and network with other industry leaders






















the day's events include a keynote speaker and scheduled meetings with local legislators. tab  provides briefing materials on legislative issues and pending legislation that are important to the texas residential construction, remodeling and development industry.
this event won't take place again until 2027, so don't miss out and register today with your local hba. more details are here.

















upcoming: tab board, committee & council meetings + homepac fundraiser, february 12-13, 2025






tab's winter board of directors, committee, and council meetings will take place on february 12 & 13 at the omni downtown austin. wrap up two days of productive meetings by enjoying shuffleboard and networking with tab friends at the electric shuffle, proceeds benefitting homepac.
find more details and register here.





















an opportunity to shine with the star awards











receive recognition for the good work you and your team have accomplished by entering the 2025 star awards! winning or becoming a finalist in the star awards is a great opportunity to set you apart from competitors. if you are an associate member, custom builder, multifamily builder, volume builder, remodeler, or developer, there is a category for you!
important dates:

january 17, 2025 – early bird deadline
february 14, 2025 - call for entries closes
may 5, 2025 – finalists announced
july 30, 2025 - awards celebration at the gaylord texan

see all categories and submit an entry for a star award at tabstarawards.com.

































tab member program highlight:





















learn more about tab's new comprehensive insurance program


















more from tab





















                                government relations                            














                                homepac                            














                                sunbelt builders show™                            














                                texas builders foundation                            















upcoming events














view calendar













view builder directory



































2025 tab title sponsors
















                                atmos                            














                                great american insurance group                            














                                james hardie                            














                                mccoys                            














                                strucsure                            






next
previous









 










© 2025 texas association of builders
 | 
site by growthzone












texas association of builders













(512) 476-6346 














313 e. 12th st., ste. 210, austin, tx 78701 














info@texasbuilders.org 










facebook










youtube








privacy policy


























 © 2025 texas association of builders.  all rights reserved. 








 
scroll to top

















