


lucy cake shop, 2 locations in  san antonio


























welcome to lucy cake shop
sign in | create account











rush orders always possible

1 (210) 673-5965

currencies:  
us dollar
euro
gb pound
canadian dollar
australian dollar

 








home



birthday cakes
baby shower cakes
corporate cakes
graduation cakes
groom cakes
military cakes
photo cakes
special cakes
wedding cakes
cake supplies
air brush
bakeware
baking / party cups
books & videos
cake and gingerbread kits
cake dummies
cake decorating tools
boards and trim
candles
candy and cookie supplies
edible images and equipment
fountains and accessories
gum paste and fondant
icing colors
icing supplies and fillings
plates and pillars
sprinkles and toppings



cakes

cakesize
locations

faq


contact us























home






welcome guest! would you like to log yourself in?


 
lucy's cake shop is a family owned and operated business which has been providing great tasting, beautiful cakes for over 40 years.
our reputation has been built on our elegant and delicious wedding cakes, as well as our diversity of different themes for special occasion cakes... that taste great!
for years, san antonio's major corporations, hotels, churches, military bases, and families have called on lucy's cake shop to provide them with their special occasion cakes. we can create cakes with special corporate logos, emblems, and specific insignias and personalized party cakes. our cakes have become the centerpieces of many san antonio festivities.
we are a family tradition with many of our customers... an initial wedding cake order leads to baby shower cakes, to children's birthday cakes, to graduation cakes... and continues on!











follow us 
 


call us: 1 (210) 673-5965
informationfaqcakescakesizesite mapnewsletter unsubscribe
customer informationcontact usshipping & returnsprivacy noticeconditions of usemy accountuseful links





home






your ip address is:   101.53.234.133




copyright © 2025 lucy cake shop. designed by ml consulting 







