







seal rock inn | a san francisco ocean-front motor inn





























 

















home
location
accommodations
amenities
policies












 










a unique lodging and dining experience in san francisco since 1959


situated next to the quiet, scenic surroundings of sutro heights park, seal rock inn is located far from the noisy downtown traffic and crowds, yet still in the city in a resort-like location. we are just two blocks up the hill from the historic cliff house and sutro baths ruins and four blocks north of golden gate park.

book your stay by calling: 888-732-5762 – or –book online





ocean views, free parking,free internet 

give the gift of travel. purchase a gift certificate for an upcoming stay at sealrock

click here









an unknown super bargain in san francisco
“for the price, this is the best place to stay in san francisco that i’ve found in 30 years. it’s a wonderful location if you like fresh unpolluted air and having the beach nearby. people just don’t know about the seal rock inn, and the owners don’t seem to want to publicize it. from the rooms on the north side, you can see the pacific, while trees in sutro park mostly block the view. but any room is good.and for the price, especially in the off-season, can’t be beat. “
     – nick reynolds dec 2019



location, location!
“we love the seal rock inn! always welcoming and helpful and clean. the location is the best in san francisco and with easy, free parking you can come and go to sights around town —- if you even want to leave the beautiful surroundings of the seal rock inn! a great family spot or friends spot for low maintenance folks who appreciate being close to the ocean and wonderful, scenic hiking trails!”
     – wander621477 dec 2019





reviews provided by: 



read more . . .








location 
we’re next to sutro heights park, sutro baths ruins and land’s end in san francisco, ca.





accommodations
our well-furnished, guest rooms are large and attractively decorated (some are newly renovated on the first floor)..





 amenities
our lodging facility includes a sun deck, a sheltered patio area and free parking.





restaurant
a casual and popular restaurant features delicious breakfast and lunch items.





seal rock inn
545 point lobos avenue san francisco, ca 94121
1. lands end 2. sutro baths 3. seal rocks 4. cliff house
getting around san francisco
travel throughout the city on public transportation: muni (san francisco municipal transportation agency) is at our door.
yellow cab provides safe, reliable door-to-door transportation 24 hours a day. call 1-415-333-3333






 









location   |   accommodations   |   amenities   |    policies   |   restaurant   |   privacy policy
545 point lobos avenue, san francisco, ca 94121 contact phone: 415-752-8000 toll-free: 1-888-sealrock ( 888-732-5762 ) ©2019 seal rock inn 



 



























 skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








