




  











home | music theatre international




  


















skip to main content




 



music theatre international




main menu

showsbrowse shows
10-minute musicals
browse collections
broadway junior
concert dance
concert selections
future releases


resourcesmti production resources
community marketplace


mti classroomdramatic moments


help / faqshelp center
get started
faqs
streaming faqs


newsnews
email list sign-up


about usabout mti
contact us






 




mymti accountsmymti home
apply for a licenserequest a perusalpay an invoice 



regionmtimti europemti australasia 



search 



callboardclose 


 

 













 














 





homepage




















 


    the notebook begins a new chapter at mti  

    mti welcomes the musical that swept broadway off its feet.  

learn more 
 












 


    darling grenadine is now available for licensing  

    bring this charmingly bittersweet story to your stage!  

read for free 

license today 
 












 


    our wish came true: disney's dare to dream jr.   

    the new revue featuring classic disney songs is now available for licensing  

license today 
 












 


    suffs keeps marching with mti  

    mti is honored to announce the licensing acquisition of suffs, the tony-winning musical that made history on broadway!  

learn more 
 












 


    top tips from your licensing reps  

    update your primary contact, change your booking, pay your invoice, and more.  

learn more 
 












 


    need help?  

    not sure where to start? looking for a form? got a question? start here!  

get help now 

faqs 
 












 


    new releases  

    our newest titles available for licensing! beautiful, mean girls jr., sondheim tribute revue, and more!  

browse our new releases 
 









    join our mailing list  

    stay updated on licensing releases, ticket discounts, helpful tips, and more.  

join our mailing list 









    broadway junior® musicals  

    join the millions of educators and students who participate in a 30 or 60-minute broadway junior musical.    

broadway junior 




view all shows 
    featured & upcoming  




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 








    need help and advice?  

    ask questions and get answers from our online community and theatrical experts.  

help 



find shows near yousee an mti show in your area.




 




 


callboard


jr
full


trending this week 

  

disney's finding nemo jr. explore the big blue world with this lively new stage musical based on the beloved pixar film! 




roald dahl's matilda the musical jr.the children are rising up. join the revolt in this broadway junior adaptation of the tony award-winning hit!  




disney's frozen jr.disney’s worldwide phenomenon is taking broadway junior by (snow)storm! 




disney's aladdin jr.discover "a whole new world" with this magically updated version of the academy award-winning disney classic!  




annie jr.the irrepressible comic strip heroine takes center stage in one of the world's best-loved, award-winning musicals.  




disney's beauty and the beast jr.the award-winning animated film and stage play comes to life in this romantic and beloved take on the classic fairytale.  




shrek the musical jr.everyone's favorite ogre is back in this hilarious stage spectacle, based on the oscar-winning smash hit film and outrageous broadway musical.  




disney's dare to dream jr.celebrate 100 years of disney music with this breathtaking musical revue!

 




between the lines jr.you have the power to change your story. 




disney's newsies jr.seize the day with disney’s rousing musical that has thrilled and inspired young people for generations. 


 


trending this week 

  

mean girls high school versiona fetch opportunity for high schools and youth theatre groups to license this queen bee!
 




roald dahl's matilda the musicalthe story of an extraordinary girl who dares to take a stand and change her own destiny. 




disney's descendants: the musicalyou'll be #rottentothecore with descendants the musical! 




disney's the little mermaidin a magical kingdom beneath the sea, the beautiful young mermaid, ariel, longs to leave her ocean home to live in the world above. 




into the woodsthe brothers grimm hit the stage with an epic fairytale about wishes, family and the choices we make. 




mamma mia!over 60 million people worldwide have fallen in love with the characters, the story and the music that make mamma mia! the ultimate feel-good show! 




beetlejuiceit’s showtime, folks! 




disney's beauty and the beastthe enchantment never ends in this romantic and beloved take on the classic fairytale. 




little shop of horrorsfeed the need for musical hilarity with this delicious sci-fi smash about a man-eating plant. 




mean girlsthis fiercely fetch queen bee of broadway will have you wearing pink...but only on wednesdays. 


 



    new acquisition  
the notebook begins a new chapter at mti

 

    mti welcomes the musical that swept broadway off its feet.  
read more 




    new release  
fall in love with darling grenadine

 

    a new romance available for licensing.  
read more 




    new acquisition  
suffs keeps marching with mti

 

    music theatre international acquires suffs, the tony-winning true story of the women who fought tirelessly for the right to vote.  
read more 




    new acquisition  
how to dance in ohio waltzes up to mti

 

    the exuberant coming-of-age comedy joins mti.  
read more 




    now available  
1660 vine the musical now available for licensing

 

    this show will go viral on your stage!  
read more 

 


 
 
 



music theatre international
423 west 55th street
second floor
new york, ny 10019
t: +1 (212) 541-4684
f: +1 (212) 397-4684


music theatre international: europe
12-14 mortimer street
london w1t 3jj
t: +44 (0)20 7580 2827
f: *44 (0)20 7436 9616


music theatre international (australasia)
ground floor, suite 220-22 albert road,
south melbourne, 3205victoria, australia
t: +61 3 9581 2222

©mti enterprises inc. all rights reserved.




secondary menu

terms & conditions
privacy policy
contact




follow us

facebook us
twitter us
youtube us
instagram us




thoughts on our site?

send feedback 


 
 
 








