




















































ranting of an urban terrorist — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































urban_terrorist
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














urban_terrorist







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement










  
         journal

  
         friends

  
         archive

  
         profile

  
         memories


















      
    

ranting of an urban terrorist

jun. 11th, 2013 07:30 pm battle for ebulongot invited to take part in this shared world anthology, had a blast writing the story and playing with the concept. the book is a free download from smashwords for anyone who likes heroic fantasy.battle for ebulonwaynecurrent mood: accomplishedleave a commentfeb. 23rd, 2013 04:48 pm cobalt ontarioa lot of you know we moved to cobalt ontario. cobalt is in what is generally referred to as the 'far north', and we've had snow on the ground since early november. we've also had snow every second day since then.life is different here. mukluks are the in winter apparel (you can order them from the silver moccasin). there are more snowmobiles than people in town, and nearly every driveway sports a snowblower.i love it.current location: cobalt ontariocurrent mood: happycurrent music: 16 tonsleave a commentjan. 11th, 2013 09:53 pm what scares the boogeyman?i would like to joyfully announce that "what scares the boogeyman", edited by the talented, and probably insane john manning (of course he's insane - he's an editor). what scares the boogeyman will be on the shelves in february.this is a big deal, because it includes my first ever fiction sale!yes, i'm happy. really happy.john, along with meghan graham and stormy stogner-medina have put together one heck of a book. yes, i have a copy already. in addition to the cover i can share the index. want to take a look?boogeyman blues by janet morristhe boogeyman’s wife by nancy asirethe road to afghanistan by david conyersthe fear of the lord by robert m. pricethe river witch by j.d. fritzthe cold by jason cordovablood and ochre by thomas barczaktestament of tuff by c. dean anderssonnight of the bettys by beverly halejack the raptor by chris morrisfailure to comply by michael h. hansonthe shadow of a doubt by larry atchley, jr.l’uomo nero by richard grollerbad mustard by bill snidergrandma by wayne boreanbreaking up is hard to do by john manningapis primatus by bettina meisterunder the bed by shirley meieri'm really excited about this (did i mention that?) it's been a great experience working with john and the rest of these writers. i particularly want to thank janet morris, who taught me things about the short story format that i'd never have dreamed of.regardswayne boreanfriday january 11, 2013tags: dark fantasy, fantasy, horror, writingleave a commentnov. 1st, 2012 03:29 pm nanowrimo starts todayanyone else going to join?wayne1 comment - leave a commentfeb. 18th, 2012 03:37 pmwell, i survived yesterday. i had my epidural. it was an interesting experience. the anesthetic that was supposedly so powerful that it would knock me loopy, had very little effect. i was ready to get up and walk around almost immediately, much to the nurse's annoyance.she was even more annoyed that i didn't fall down when she did finally let me up. at this point she started questioning me about what medications i was on. don't ask me why didn't just read the chart, it was all there. after hearing the list she concluded that i was already so stoned when i got on the table, that yes, they anesthetic wasn't very effective on me.so all the excitement about me probably not being able to walk out of the hospital on my own, well, it was wasted. mind you i didn't mind have two beautiful women along as an escort. smoooom and shirley meier even managed to put up with me getting a bit giggly. the stuff may not have knocked me out. i could have taken the subway back to finch instead of driving the van downtown, but there's no way that i was safe to drive. i was trying to read as shirley drove home, and often found i was reading the same sentence twice because i couldn't understand it.this morning? i didn't wake up with a spike driven through my leg. i'm sitting here with my fingers crossed. if it stays this way for a week, i'll feel a bit more confident.obviously i need to be really careful. it would be all too easy to do more damage to my back (where the nerve is pinched). but i haven't had any pain in the leg today so far, and i can't remember the last time that happened.current location: richmond hill, ontario, canadacurrent mood: curiousleave a commentfeb. 7th, 2012 09:11 pm rose and bay awardsit's time for the rose and bay fiction awards again.wayneleave a commentdec. 10th, 2011 11:58 am short storiesi'm in a really good mood this morning. i looks like i've sold two short stores. one is sold for certain. the editor told me that it made "a shiver run up his spine" and that he prevented his first reader from reading it before she went to visit her ailing grandmother for the weekend.i'm really proud of grandma. i really am. since i haven't gotten the signed contract in hand yet, i can't really give you details. but i know it is sold.the king in yellow is a bit more problematical. from the way they are talking, it is accepted, with only minor re-writes, and i'll know today. there are a couple of things i do not like about it. the concept is solid. i'm not as sure that i delivered.that is what re-writes are for.waynetags: writingcurrent location: richmond hill, ontario, canadacurrent mood: chippercurrent music: the trees5 comments - leave a commentnov. 3rd, 2011 01:19 pm gypsies, tramps and thievescj cherryh posted on her blog about a "fake" of one of her books. i looked into it, and noticed some odd stuff, so i did some research, and found some absolutely shocking things. i wrote it up in the article corporate copyright scofflaws 0011 – hephaestus books. several other people did bits of research, posting the results on wave without a shore. i also got a comment from beamjockey which lead me to more information.this is a major problem. rather than posting the entire thing here, i'm going to suggest following the links, first to wave without a shore where cj tells about what she found, and then to the corporate copyright scofflaw article, which covers my research, and the information beamjockey supplied.then complain. we know amazon and b&n are involved. what other online book stores are involved?smashwords appears to be clean, and deserves kudos for keeping the scammers out.waynetags: amazon, barnes and noble, online book store, scamcurrent location: richmond hill, ontario, canadacurrent mood: angrycurrent music: gypsies, tramps and thievesleave a commentoct. 31st, 2011 12:35 am great exploding websites batman, nanowrimo, and publishingme and my junior editor, kleopatrawe still don't know all the details, but the sites are now coming back up, one but one.that's the unexciting news. the exciting news is after the cut...nanowrimo 2011i was going to skip nanowrimo 2011. i've got stuff that is nearly ready for publication. the main thing holding be back is that i decided that i'd do mom's backlist first, and it has proven a bit more of a challenge than i'd thought.while it was published previously, the editing just isn't up to my standards. rather than reformatting and publishing, i'm editing, reformatting, and publishing.i'm fast, but you can do it fast, or do it right. i choose to do it right. so my writing is falling behind the curve. i needed something to stretch my muscles.and then brandon asked me if i was going to take part in nanowrimo. synapses began to fire, and in five minutes i had a thoroughly evil plan, so i got brandon on im and started to reel the sucker, erm, future collaborator in.and i sold him on it.brandon lozza, ex-fedora ambassador, conspiracy theorist, and all around fun lunatic, is going to collaborate on a nanowrimo novel with wayne borean, political gadfly, copyright pain in the ass, canadian publisher, futurist, and a man with the personality of rabid wolverine.check out the nanowrimo suicide pact 2011this is a writing challenge until writer's cramp forces one or the other writer to give up. or until we run out of november, but that wouldn't be any fun, would it?we'll alternate word chunks of varying sizes. or mostly alternate. if eighteen hours goes by without a post being made, the original posted is welcome to pop back in. this could cause confusion if two posts are placed within seconds of each other. guess we'll just have to write our way out of that mess too!often the character/s maybe thrown into a situation where he or she might be killed and the next person has to exercise their ingenuity to write them out of it. or maybe they'll suffer a fate worse than death. remember buford "mad dog" tannen from back to the future 3?"i hate shit."our aim is to hit 100k words or more on november 30th, and to stretch our writing muscles. this isn't a contest, no matter how it's written above. this is a collaboration. we want to make it the best book that we can, and publish it. we've discussed a couple of basic plot ideas. i suspect that they will last at least two days.we welcome everyone to check it out. wayne plans to have his first installment posted by noon on tuesday. brandon is going to try to have his first rejoinder posted by about six pm.and please feel free to comment! we'd really appreciate your ideas.regardswayne borean & brandon lozzamonday october 31, 2011tags: nanowrimocurrent location: richmond hill, ontario, canadaleave a commentoct. 3rd, 2011 04:29 pm epiduralwell, i had another epidural today. it will take about a week to kick in. hopefully then i'll feel something like normal. hopefully.meanwhile the battery on the macbook is dead. this is a nuisance. i can't work away from the desk now. frustrating.waynecurrent mood: annoyedleave a commentback a page


      
    














































