



	illinois ag connection
































menu

homenewsmarketsauctionscareersdirectorymachinery




social links
search



tools



close








search



close








  





close















illinois weather 










illinois ag connection
your daily source of agriculture and farming news for illinois. we also provide farmers with information on markets, auctions and farm equipment, as well as local job and career opportunities.










illinois ag news headlines














il corn growers support year round e15 sales expansion bill
il corn growers association supports bipartisan efforts to expand...






hartman weinzierl advocate for farmers and agriculture policies
kenneth hartman jr. and rodney weinzierl testified before congress,...






over $210k in scholarships for ag students
scholarships range from $1k to $7.5k apply online by feb 15 to support...











josh maschhoff named 2025 illinois pork producers association president
josh maschhoff has been appointed the 2025 illinois pork producers...





borgic family honored as il pork family of the year 2025
the illinois pork producers association named the borgic family as the...





illinois state fair 2024: star performers announced
sheryl crow and turnpike troubadours will perform at the illinois state...










maple syrup season brings a sweet harvest opportunity
maple syrup is made from tree sap collected in early spring. the...





illinois takes action to stop avian flu spread
illinois has implemented a 30-day suspension on poultry exhibitions and...





wiu hosts 53rd annual bull sale
wiu’s 53rd annual bull sale on march 7 showcases top-quality...









rss
















































midwestern news






illinois
indiana
iowa


kansas
kentucky
michigan


minnesota
missouri
nebraska


new york
north dakota
ohio


pennsylvania
south dakota
wisconsin



















upcoming auction









more auctions













national agriculture news headlines

















friday, february 14, 2025
senate confirms brooke rollins as ag secretary
brooke rollins is the new agriculture secretary. she plans to improve farm policies, distribute disaster relief, support rural areas, and increase...








friday, february 14, 2025
u.s. agricultural exports surge in global markets
u.s. agricultural exports in 2024 reached $176 billion, bolstering the economy and supporting over 1.25 million jobs, despite global trade...








friday, february 14, 2025
u.s. cattle inventory shrinks as industry contracts
usda’s january 2025 report shows cattle inventories shrinking by 0.6%, reflecting ongoing industry contraction while highlighting improved...









































friday, february 14, 2025
h5n1 infections found in cattle veterinarians
a cdc study finds h5n1 antibodies in three veterinarians, signaling hidden infection risks within the u.s. cattle industry.








friday, february 14, 2025
ncba advocates for family farm tax relief
ncba supports repealing the death tax to protect family farms and ranches. without action, expiring exemptions in 2025 will create financial...








thursday, february 13, 2025
food for peace program transfer to usda
a new bill proposes moving the food for peace program from usaid to the usda, aiming to enhance efficiency, reduce waste, and ensure better...































precision agriculture digital digest


precision agriculture digital digest is published quarterly and shares the latest innovations and techniques related to precision agriculture and ag technology. read the most recent edition of the farms.com precision ag digital digest to learn more about the latest in precision agriculture, including technology, equipment, efficiencies, data, soil, mapping, and much more.































































































illinois business directory




























































































































prev next





























contact us
about us
advertise with us









crops
corn | fruits & vegetables | soybeans | wheat
livestock
beef cattle | dairy cattle | hogs | poultry
other resources
business | education | energy | equipment & machinery | general | government & policy | harvesting | rural lifestyle | sustainable agriculture | weather
national news









submit news stories













powered by 









terms of use
privacy policy



copyright 2025 by agfarmnews.com





back to top













