
















sociology | school of social and political science









skip to main content








 logoimage/svg+xml 

school of social and political science





search






search
















 button








search




home


study




toggle dropdown



undergraduate degree programmes


postgraduate taught programmes


postgraduate research programmes


scholarships


meet us


student stories


prospective students




research




toggle dropdown



research projects


collaborations


postdoctoral research


academic visitors


our research centres


our research ethics


 research explorer


inaugural lectures




students




toggle dropdown



undergraduate


postgraduate


development hub




subject areas


about us




toggle dropdown



message from the head of school


news & events


people


centres


contact


staff resources





















sociology






you are here


home


subject areas


                      sociology
                  







highlighted content






committed to the production of cultural and scientific knowledge
sociology at the university of edinburgh (founded in 1964 by tom burns) is one of the uk’s leading sociology departments, highly regarded for our record of influential original research and teaching. we've been rated as first in the uk for the quality and breadth of our research in the research excellence framework 2014 (ref2014). 
we have a long-standing commitment to original empirical and theoretical work on society, and on the production of cultural and scientific knowledge. 
our approach is shaped by a sociological understanding of the importance of the link between biography and history, private troubles and public issues, the micro-social worlds of individuals and wider social structures.





media

















sociology




more...




 
about
we are one of the uk's leading centres for research and teaching in sociology. one of our major strengths is diversity, both in who we are and what we do.






 
programmes
on our single and joint undergraduate degree programmes we place a strong emphasis on doing rather than just reading about sociology. 






 
research
our work is at the crossroads of professional, critical, public and user-oriented policy sociology and focuses on the interweaving of individual lives, social processes and historical change.







 
people
meet the sociology team and find contact details.






 
news
see the latest news updates from sociology.






 
contact
we are based in the chrystal macmillan building on george square at the heart of the central campus.







 
erving goffman memorial lectures
each year, sociology invites a scholar of high international reputation to give the erving goffman memorial lecture. this aim of this lecture is to honour and continue the intellectual legacy of erving goffman by deepening our understanding of human behaviour and interactions. 






 
sociology speaker series
the sociology speaker series presents the latest research by academic staff members and distinguished guests from across the united kingdom and beyond.














latest news



view all...





news content





  06/12/2024
   sociology 
sps academic included in prominent ‘30 under 30’ list for work in feminist and disability advocacy

school of social and political science (sps) academic emily mann has been included on the young women’s movement’s 30 under 30 list for her involvement in feminist and disability advocacy. 






  06/11/2024
   science, technology and innovation studies 
sps academics involved in renewed funding for the uk energy research centre to analyse and advance the energy transition 

school of social and political science (sps) academics dr mark winskel, dr jess britton and professor jan webb will lead research into innovative solutions to energy challenges, in a new phase of funding for the uk energy research centre (ukerc). 







  06/05/2024
   sociology 
claire haggett wins eusa teaching award

school of social and political science (sps) academic dr claire haggett has won the cohort lead of the year award in the edinburgh university students' association (eusa) teaching awards. 







  22/04/2024
   sociology 
sps academic honoured with prestigious royal society of edinburgh fellowship

professor vernon gayle has become a new royal society of edinburgh (rse) fellow for 2024.   















upcoming events



view all...





events content












    05 march 2025
    







    16:00  - 17:30 


sociology 
inspiring collaborations

how do editors participate in making the world of contemporary japanese literature through their collaboration with writers? in this talk, dr kowalczyk draws on interviews with leading japanese editors to examine how collaboration works, and how it shapes literary value.














    12 march 2025
    







    16:00  - 17:30 


sociology 
canglong wang interweaving nationalism and cosmopolitanism in cultivating confucian citizens through classics reading in china

in this talk, canglong wang explores the intricate relationship between nationalism and cosmopolitanism and how they influence the discourse and practice of citizenship, especially within confucian education.














    19 march 2025
    







    16:00  - 17:30 


sociology 
childhood disability, social class and pathways of disadvantage

despite the growth of disability studies and the recognition of structural barriers faced by disabled people across the world, there is little systematic research on the pathways the perpetuate socioeconomic disadvantage among this group














    26 march 2025
    







    16:00  - 17:30 


sociology 
self-negation

this talk presents a new approach to theorizing and empirically investigating a phenomenon variously described by sociologists as internalized oppression or symbolic violence. 















full address
find us

            school of social and political science
            university of edinburgh
            chrystal macmillan building
            15a george square
            edinburgh eh8 9ld





 view on map



contact details
contact us

tel: +44 (0)131 651 3060
email: sps.reception@ed.ac.uk

connect with us







follow us on twitter







find us on facebook







follow us on youtube







follow us on instagram






subject areas



subject area content



centre of african studies


politics and international relations (pir)


science, technology and innovation studies


social anthropology


social policy


social work


sociology





useful links

cms login
myed
schools & departments
the university of edinburgh
college of arts, humanities and social sciences






          the university of edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in scotland, with registration number sc005336, vat registration number gb 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the uk authorities as a “recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          unless explicitly stated otherwise, all material is copyright © the university of edinburgh 2025.
        


 terms and conditions 
 privacy and cookies 
 website accessibility 
 freedom of information publication scheme 










































































































 







