




east haven connecticut  |  blogging from east haven connecticut!

























east haven connecticut



about mecontact me










life advice
tips for accomplishing your goals & achieving your dreamsaugust 12, 2015 adminno comments

most people who are successful would tell you that the road to success is anything but easy. there are typically a lot of roadblocks on the way to success. fortunately, if you are persistent and work very hard, then you can achieve your goals. below is a list of tips for attaining your goals:
commit to your goals and make a plan
in order for you to achieve any goal, you must be committed to it. once you have identified the goals that you want to commit, you should develop a plan for achieving them. tell yourself that you are going to focus and commit to that plan.
write down your goals
experts have stated that people who write down their goals are much more likely to achieve them. you should not only write down your goals, but you should also write down the plan that you have developed. make sure that you are as detailed as possible when you are writing down your goals and plans.
continue reading…



health
the many amazing uses of coconut oiljuly 28, 2015 adminno comments

coconut oil is a unique and emerging health product that millions of people are using every single day. there are tons of uses for coconut oil, and everyone uses their product differently because of the many benefits that come with it. coconut oil can be purchased in a variety of stores, from drugstores to your basic department store. most coconut oil products are cold pressed, which means that none of the nutrients found within the oil are broken down from hot processing tools. coconut oil can also range from being organic to not being organic, but organic coconut oil is ideal if you will be buying and using it.
there are dozens upon dozens of uses for coconut oil that you may or may not know about. many people use coconut oil to cook their foods because it is a healthier alternative to vegetable and corn oils. others are finding that by eating more coconut oil and including it in their diets, they are actually able to lose weight despite the fact that coconut oil tends to have a higher caloric content. coconut oil is a fatty oil that can help to break down enzymes in food that would otherwise turn to fat, making it a great weight loss product for thousands of people who’ve been using it with great luck.
continue reading…

coconut oil


health
kratom: a remarkable natural plant or addictive new drug?july 26, 2015 adminno comments

a new plant product is growing in popularity across the united states and the world. known as kratom, this currently legal plant based product provides effects similar to opiates. but is this plant safe to use or should you steer clear to avoid any unknown side effects? the answer is really up to you. while kratom does have mind altering effects, it’s benefits may outweigh the risks. one potential treatment kratom could be effective for is treating those in withdrawal from opiate or opioid medications. because it minds to the same receptors in your brain, it can completely eliminate or reduce the withdrawal symptoms associated with long-term opiate use.
kratom is a plant based product that is derived from the tropical tree mitragyna speciosa. although kratom has been outlawed in australia, thailand and several other countries, kratom is still legal in the united states. that said, individual states have their own sale and possession policies regarding kratom, and the food and drug administration (fda) as well as drug enforcement agency (dea) are still keeping an eye on the pain reliever.
recent import ban
the fda issued an import ban on new kratom coming into the country. this ban has been largely ineffectual, however, since massive quantities of kratom continue to enter the united states and be sold online.
kratom sidesteps the fda’s import ban by being marketed as a dietary supplement. this is an effective strategy since the fda stopped regulating dietary supplements in the 1990s due to concerns about jurisdictional overreach and the sheer number of over-the-counter products.
continue reading…



technology
growing pains for the apple watchmay 1, 2015 adminno comments

the apple watch has taken many users by surprise, and there are many others waiting to see if the watch is easy to use. not even 24 hours after launch, there are many people reporting problems with the apple watch. users who are looking at these watches as a replacement for their phones need to have a hard look at how the watches work. the growing pains may be fixed in the future, but they are problematic at present. if you’re considering the purchase of an apple watch, you may want to hold off until they’ve had time to address these issues.
interface sensitivity
the sensitivity of the interface on the apple watch is causing problems for users. users are consistently hitting the buttons they do not need to use, and this causes problems for users who are using the watches on the move. the apple watch is a very easy way to connect with mobile technology, but that connection is being blocked by issue with the screen.
accidental orders
there has been an expose done on cnet.com about the interface with the amazon shopping app. a writer for the online magazine was able to accidentally order an xbox when he was waving his finger near the screen to emphasize how he has used the voice command feature. this may be an isolated incident that happened quite unfortunately to someone who had a platform to write about the watch, but anyone who has the watch could end up in similar situations with apps and products in several different apps.
voice commands
the voice commands for the apple watch make many older users feel like they are in the hit 80s drama knight rider. talking to your phone may feel like a strange experience, but talking to your phone is safer than pressing the buttons on the screen. you must decide how you want to use the phone, and you need to weigh your options. the iphone is still easier to use at present.
the phone versus watch debate
many users want to make a change to the watch and leave their iphone behind. other users wish to keep the watch and iphone on their person at all times. the apple watch will most surely be updated in the future, but the original version seems to be more problematic than users may have realized. users that are going to stick with the apple watch will see changes made to the interface if the operating system is updated, but users may have to wait far too long for the necessary changes to come out.
the growing pains experienced by the apple watch will not destroy this new piece of technology, but they are certainly troubling for those who want to have a mobile device on their wrist. the apple watch has more potential than most mobile devices, but it has not yet reached its full potential as of now.



education
why i’m considering online high school for my sonmarch 17, 2015 adminno comments

statistics show that a high school education can make a big difference not only in getting a job but receiving higher pay. one of the many marvels of computers is the opportunity to get that important education on line. however, statistics also show that graduation rates in the u.s. are declining rapidly and schools are increasingly more violent, vulgar, and dangerous places to send your child.
after the mass shooting at the elementary school in sandy hook, my husband and i have seriously started considering home-schooling or allowing our oldest son to attend school online. but he’s in high school and it’s a tough decision to make! luckily, we were able to test out the idea by enrolling him in an online summer school to see how he liked it. below, you’ll find a few of the things we’re considering while deciding whether or not to send our son to an online high school.
part of my best memories growing up were from the times i spent at school. hanging out with my friends at the bus stop, sitting together at lunch, and playing sports together at p.e. are all important aspects of my life. but things have changed. so why study online rather than a classroom? the difference is freedom. online programs provide the flexibility and convenience that classrooms can’t.
first, the online student can study at his/her own pace rather than having to conform to a classroom teacher’s schedule. online school courses are planned so that a student cannot go to the next level until the current level is completed. this helps to ensure the student understands what has been studied. a slow learner can progress without pressure and stress. on the other hand, smarter youth can progress faster through the courses and may finish earlier than his classroom peers.
continue reading…



exercise
unique workouts that i do from homemarch 16, 2015 adminno comments

working out at a gym, while seeming like a good idea, can be extremely time-consuming. let’s face it who needs to dedicate an hour just to getting to and from the gym every day. exercising in your home is not only convenient but also provides you the privacy you need to focus on getting in shape. working out at home means not worrying about who is looking at you while you are doing lunges or being envious of all the hard bodies of those who have been at it for years.
we may not all have the perfect bodies, or even want them for that matter. getting into shape is a personal matter and one that need not be shared in the meat market of your local gym. working out from home offers benefits and convenience, but also can save you a boatload of money over the average gym membership. and most people don’t follow through with a gym membership for more than a month because it is so time-consuming getting to the gym every day.
perhaps you are thinking about working from home because you think that you can’t possibly workout without all the latest equipment. well honestly, working out doing aerobics or kickboxing can be done with only a workout dvd or by online streaming through a workout site. even magazines will print up some basic exercise routines that individuals can do at home, without equipment, most of which can be completed within a 15-30 minute time frame.
bodyweight exercises require little equipment with maximum results. burning calories more quickly and on your schedule, leaves you more time for everything else. workouts on your schedule can be not only beneficial to your health but also to squeezing them in, even on the busiest of days.
continue reading…



reviews
welcome to my blogmarch 16, 2015 adminno comments

welcome to easthavenconn.com, your source for product reviews, news, lifestyle tips, and just my general thoughts. my name is alicia and i’m a happy married mother of 2 living in the small town of east haven connecticut.
i started this site because of an over-abundance of time on my hands as a stay at home mom. after watching season after season of every show you can imagine on netflix, i decided that i needed a more productive outlet for my time. after thinking more and more i decided that writing was one of my best skills and i wanted to pursue it further.
starting my own blog was the easiest way for me to do this. but i have no web design experience and i wasn’t confident in my technical skills. thanks to the super simple wordpress platform, i’ve been able to create a very nice looking website with no programming skills.
anyhow, to mark the first post on my blog, i thought i would talk about buying shoes online. yeah i know, woohoo, shoes!
buying shoes online is a great way to access a variety of brands and styles without having to leave home. the shoe market has a vast selection that may otherwise not have been accessible if not for the internet. when buying shoes online, there are a number of factors that need to be considered. the following article will guide you to making the best and smart choices when making your shoe purchases online.
whether you know what style you are looking for or just browsing, comparison shopping when you find the shoes of your dreams is a must. unlike buying from your local department store, online marketplaces will allow you to find the best deals. once you find an online store you would like to buy from, you may also read review on the quality of the shoes and also the integrity of the supplier online.
one popular style of shoe that many women are using to improve self esteem and boost confidence are elevator shoes. elevator shoes, also known as height increasing shoes are made to improve your height by up to 4 inches without wearing obvious platform shoes. depending on the style of shoes you prefer, some elevator shoes look like completely normal tennis shoes.
continue reading…


 




search for:



categories 
education

exercise

health

life advice

reviews

technology


pages 
about me
contact me

  recent posts 

tips for accomplishing your goals & achieving your dreams


the many amazing uses of coconut oil


kratom: a remarkable natural plant or addictive new drug?


growing pains for the apple watch


why i’m considering online high school for my son


 




















