


maine bed and breakfast kennebunk kennebunkport maine historic country inn getaway hounds tooth inn






















hosts: 
          randee & norm perkins

 


 
82 summer street, kennebunk, me 04043
 207-985-0117 email: stay@houndstoothinn.biz

 





 

reviews

















the hounds tooth 
                  inn is a  non-smoking, 
                  pet 
                  friendly, four guest 
                  room inn.  open year round, we are located on an acre of 
                  land, minutes from the beach kennebunk 
                  / kennebunkport, on highway 35 (summer st), eight doors 
                  west of the wedding 
                  cake house, across from a 12 acre preservation land, ten 
                  minutes from i-95.
 


breakfast is a feast of flavors served family style, in the 
                country kitchen on a harvest table designed and built by the home 
                owners. 
                refrigerator, microwave, and toasters are available for guests 
                during their stay. 
                relax and enjoy baked goods and sun tea while enjoying the 
                  afternoon on the patios off the kitchen and foyer. 







right: enter the sitting room off 
                the foyer with wide oak floors surrounded by wainscoting and textured 
                walls. 

                left: the parlor library includes built-in bookcases, with mahogany 
                parquet floors and detailed dentile trim wood work bordering the 
                ceiling. 






 all of the rooms are spacious and 
          individually decorated with ensuite private baths, cable television, 
          ac, wireless internet.

 the community of the kennebunks offers full service amenities 
            for travelers: playhouses, movies, fine dining, art galleries, antiques, 
            flea market, golf, hiking, biking, fishing, skiing, and water sports.

  we are located across from 
            a 12 acre land trust, near the beach, the port and downtown kennebunk. 
            enjoy the bridal path ideal for bikers/walkers; woodland park for 
            heartier hikers or stroll summer street to view the wedding cake house 
            and the grand historic mansions. 

for an unforgettable experience call (207)985-0117, 
            82 summer street, kennebunk, me. 04043 email: stay@houndstoothinn.biz

 single/double 
            occupancy
            $145 and up per night - rates vary depending on season




prices includes a full breakfast.

a 
            generous breakfast awaits you each morning in the country kitchen. 
            refreshments are available all day.


best 
            kept secret in town! here is what our guest have to say....






hounds tooth inn





a four room country inn
82 summer street
                  kennebunk, maine  04043 
                  (207) 985-0117









          
          

 

    
                     pet's 
                photos   
                      
                            
                 
                  click 
                here for kennebunk 
                tide chart
      
                
                                  
                
                                         
  copyright ©2004-2014 
                hounds tooth inn
                  last updated: 4/6/1014
                  website designed & maintained by: q2marketsite, 
                inc. 






 











