






angel equipment pie and tart presses

















































angel equipment



home



dough presses
e500 econo-matic
a801 air-o
pie dies - information & ordering
used pie presses for sale



meal packaging solutions
manual foil pan lid crimper
afs 10 — heat sealer



pan denesters
ad 50 denester
va — container denester
vm — high speed twin hopper pie plate denester



information
parts & service
terms / financing
component manuals


contact us















home/
dough presses/e500 econo-matica801 air-opie dies - information & orderingused pie presses for sale
meal packaging solutions/manual foil pan lid crimperafs 10 — heat sealer
pan denesters/ad 50 denesterva — container denestervm — high speed twin hopper pie plate denester
information/parts & serviceterms / financingcomponent manuals
contact us/





























































quality pie and tart machines











home/
dough presses/e500 econo-matica801 air-opie dies - information & orderingused pie presses for sale
meal packaging solutions/manual foil pan lid crimperafs 10 — heat sealer
pan denesters/ad 50 denesterva — container denestervm — high speed twin hopper pie plate denester
information/parts & serviceterms / financingcomponent manuals
contact us/





















































 





angel equipment designs and manufactures quality dough forming machinery - featuring a range of pie and tart press machines, pie forming dies and packaging to bakers worldwide.



our products have been under the angel equipment brand since 1998,  but our equipment has been around since the 1960's. our company’s heritage begins with the kaiser dial-o-matic 300, the simple hand lever press. kaiser then expanded on their presses, adding additional levels of automation into their products with the hydro-matic (h201), the roto-matic and the econo-matic (e500). the product line was acquired by packaging corporation of america (pca) and then eventually tenneco packaging. it was spun into angel equipment under barry hart, a longtime tenneco & ecko engineer. under the new leadership at angel equipment, we have continued to expand on this great heritage of manufacturing quality, pie and packaging equipment.



pie & tart presses















the e500 econo-matic automated pie press is our fastest and most popular pie machine. it can create up to 1,000 pie shells per hour in a single format. it forms uniform shells without the need for flour dusting or greasing. this leaves no scrap dough to recover. this dough machine can also be utilized as a pizza press.



lid closing & sealing














the angel crimp manual crimper is an efficient way to speed the closure of foil containers. our crimper is used by a variety of businesses and organizations like meals on wheels. the angel crimper is a simple, necessary part of your business.



pie dies / dough dies















we are the ultimate resource for forming dies, and replacement parts for the e500, a800, h201, h200 (hydro-matic), d300, d301, kaiser dial-o-matic and roto-matic.



need financing?we’ve teamed up with award-winning ascentium capital for your financing needs. click the link below and ascentium capital will show you the quickest way to get approved!




    apply now!
  

















































 


 














































design by 9th street design group

 



 



