






highlawn baptist church















































 









facebook
contact us: 304-727-7802 



 









 



homeabout usour churchour beliefsour historyour staffministriesfoundations of the faithiron sharpeningjourney through the bibleyouth ministrieswomen’s ministrysunday schoolworship ministrymission ministrieslinks and formsgivingcontact us



 






loading...









































			home		


oscar lewis 


			2025-02-16t21:25:31+00:00		



welcome to highlawn baptist church!we are located in saint albans, wv, and invite you come and worship with us. we think you’ll find ministries to meet your needs, and you’ll find a loving, warm and receptive group of believers with whom you can share and expand your walk with god!
please browse our website, and contact us with any questions you might have. thank you for visiting our website, and we hope you make plans to visit our church in the near future!
press here to join us at 11:00 am on sunday morning for our live stream or to watch previous sermons anytime!




opportunities to grow!

in addition to sunday morning worship, please join us for other opportunities to grow in your christian walk!  join us on sunday morning for sunday school.  on sunday evenings in the parlor, join us for foundations of the faith as we continue our study entitled that the world may know.  on wednesday evenings, join us for journey through the bible, as we continue our study in romans!




announcements

this week at highlawn
 
sunday at 10:00 am: sunday school
sunday at 11:00 am: morning worship 
sunday at 6:00 pm: foundations of the faith
wednesday at 7:00 pm: journey through the bible 
podcasts and sermons
you can listen to sermons via podcasts and watch sermons on our youtube channel anytime!  also, check our facebook page to join our sunday morning worship service live!  see the links below or on our facebook page! 



around the wv baptist convention!

saturday february 22nd from 9:00 am – 4:30 pm: wvbc legacy grandparenting summit simulcast at gassaway baptist church.  click here for more information and to register!
saturday march 1st 9:00 am – 3:00 pm: wvbc annual bible conference “a study of acts” at parchment valley.  click here for more information and to register!
for more information about what’s happening at the west virginia baptist convention. click here!



thanks for your help!

thanks to all who donated cans of soup as we assisted the st. albans food pantry in their soup drive!  you help was appreciated!

if you wish to contribute to our on-going ministries, click here!




messages online
can’t attend in person?  join our sunday morning worship service live, listen to our podcasts, watch previous services and see special devotional messages from pastor jason!  check out our youtube channel at the link below or see details on our facebook page!  




for the best mobile podcast experience listen to our podcasts on your favorite phone app!




watch our live streaming services as well as previous services on our youtube channel!







 
 





 highlawn baptist church 
connecting people to jesus christ through
god-centered worship * christ-centered learning * people-centered ministry
 

 
 
 




home | about us | contact us

2304 jefferson avenue 
st. albans, wv  25177 
304-727-7802 

© copyright 2024 highlawn baptist church 




facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
















