






st. dominic's hospital | jackson, mississippi


























skip to main content


















careersaboutblognewsgivingvolunteercontact us 





mychart 







schedule appointment 












servicesfind a doctor 

                                                    locations
                                                    










communities we serve



acadiana
our lady of lourdes health has been serving acadiana since 1949 and is uniquely capable of being your healthcare partner across your full spectrum of life. 
 
acadiana






 

greater baton rouge
our lady of the lake health is committed to building a healthy community through excellence in patient care and education. we provide care for a full range of illness or injury, including those that are extremely complex. 
 
greater baton rouge






 

greater jackson
providing exceptional healthcare to the greater jackson area is at the heart of st. dominic’s mission and ministry. we care for the sick and improve the health of our community.
 
greater jackson






 

northeast louisiana
st. francis health provides comprehensive healthcare services and offers the highest level of care available in our area through an acute-care hospital, freestanding outpatient center and 19 outpatient clinics.
 
northeast louisiana






 

northshore
with a large array of outpatient and inpatient services available, our lady of the angels health and our lady of the lake physician group northshore  can provide for just about all your healthcare needs. 
 
northshore






 



view all locations












                                                    patients & guests
                                                    











patient resources
mychartadvanced care planningfinancial assistance policynondiscrimination and accessibilityprice transparencyprivacy policyrecognize a team membervirtual visits
 
patient resources






 

billing & insurance
get all the facts on our system-wide standards and practices.
 
billing and insurance






 

guest information
our goal is to make your stay or visit to one of our hospitals as comfortable as possible and to keep you informed about your care every step of the way.
 
guest information






 

classes & events
find out about educational classes we offer throughout our health system, as well as important events.
 
classes & events






 



patients and guests










research and education




















what can we help you find?



keyword





search


popular links


 
find a doctor






 
find a location






 
acadiana






 
research and education






 
primary care






 

 
make an appointment






 
patients and guests






 
classes and events






 











home
/


locations
/


greater jackson
/


st. dominic's hospital






share





print











st. dominic hospital







every human life is a sacred gift from god. at st. dominic’s, our team of caregivers views each individual as special — to be treated with the utmost respect. no matter the phase of life, our goal is to provide our patients with exceptional care for all aspects of human existence — body, mind and spirit. we strive to not only provide care for the sick but also offer education and wellness services to our community to improve the health of those around us and eliminate risk factors for more serious health problems.

god has called us to administer compassion and healthcare in his name to the people of greater jackson. living the mission established by our founding sisters, the dominican sisters of springfield, illinois, and continued today by the franciscan missionaries of our lady, is at the heart of the care we provide. we fulfill this effort through advanced medical services in a state-of-the-art hospital and outpatient center, through caring for older adults in a continuing care retirement facility, through our primary and urgent care services, and into the community through a number of wellness and outreach programs.

whether your healthcare needs are immediate or you are exploring our services and our purpose for when they are, we hope that you will choose st. dominic’s for you and your family.






                        helpful links for patients and guests
                    

                            learn more about the patient experience at st. dominic's and find helpful contact information:
                        





 
                                            patient & guest information
                                        





 

 
                                            visiting hours and guidelines
                                        





 

 
                                            admissions information
                                        





 

 
                                            food & dining
                                        





 

 
                                            gift shops
                                        





 

 
                                            spiritual care resources
                                        





 

 
                                            medical records
                                        





 

 
                                            pricing transparency
                                        





 

 
                                            phone directory
                                        





 

 
                                            admissions information
                                        





 

 
                                            more patient resources
                                        





 

 
                                            transfer requests
                                        





 

 
                                            powershare services
                                        





 

 
                                            billing and insurance
                                        





 
















969 lakeland dr, jackson ms 39216


get directions














(601) 200-2000 







open 24 hours, 7 days a week












transfer requests









other facilities in greater jackson
discover more across the greater jackson area.
view locations









                            key areas of service
                        






mississippi heart & vascular institute
the mississippi heart and vascular institute is the top provider of cardiac, vascular and venous services in greater jackson. for more than four decades, this leading institute has provided the most advanced treatment options available to patients.

 


 




neuroscience
at the neuroscience center, patients with a variety of neurological disorders such as headaches, stroke, neuromuscular disorders, epilepsy and dementia can find the best treatment.

 


 




cancer services
the st. dominic comprehensive cancer program, including our free-standing cancer center, is one of the top cancer treatment providers in central mississippi and is well-known for outstanding patient care and exceptionally skilled oncologists.

 


 




women’s services
from the anticipation and excitement of childbirth to the health concerns faced in young and mature adulthood, women choose st. dominic’s for our compassionate and personalized approach to advanced medical care. our maternal & newborn care center goes beyond treatment to offer classes and programs to assist with the transition of bringing a baby home.

 


 











get involved.
learn more about volunteer opportunities at st. dominic’s.

learn more






news from st. dominic’s







awards & recognition
clinical excellence & innovation
st. dominic’s chief medical officer recognized as a 2025 ‘cmo to know’ by becker’s healthcare
january 03, 2025





awards & recognition
clinical excellence & innovation
st. dominic’s cno recognized as one of 2024’s ‘women of influence’ by fierce health
december 11, 2024





awards & recognition
clinical excellence & innovation
st. dominic hospital included in newsweek’s america’s best-in-state hospitals 2025 list
november 18, 2024





clinical excellence & innovation
awards & recognition
heart health
mississippi heart and vascular institute celebrates 50 years
october 10, 2024






view all news



















the franciscan missionaries of our lady health system is one of the largest healthcare systems based in louisiana and is the leading healthcare provider for more than half of louisiana's population, as well as serves mississippi's largest metropolitan area. the health system is a non-profit, catholic organization sponsored by the franciscan missionaries of our lady. headquartered in baton rouge, louisiana, the ministry serves patients in louisiana and mississippi through a network of hospitals, clinics, physicians, elderly housing and integrated systems.







helpful links





find a doctor
mychart
schedule an appointment
find a location
search phone directory
join our team




our health system





our lady of the lake health
st. dominic hospital
st. francis health
our lady of lourdes health
our lady of the angels health
our lady of the lake children's health
our lady of lourdes children's health




more information





about us
mission and values
our sponsors
quality
health leaders network



contact us
4200 essen lane
baton rouge, la 70809





sitemap
|
privacy policy
|

disclaimer
|
nondiscrimination policy
|
price transparency


copyright ©

franciscan missionaries of our lady health system








