

sherlock holmes baker street dozen - sherlock holmes in film, books, dvd, audio, media


















x



x



disclaimer: all images and articles are the copyright property of the original owner. credit has been given wherever possible. reproduction of any images or articles from this website is strictly prohibited. all images are used explicitly for review or promotional purposes only, and in no way implies ownership of any kind. should the use of any image here infringe on the owners rights, the original copyright holder should contact the site to arrange removal by clicking hereall layout, design and original content is copyright © charles prepolec 2000-2010



x



x



best viewed at 800 x 600 resolution with internet explorer



gaslight grotesque: sherlock holmes horror anthology...(more)



gaslight grimoire: new sherlock holmes anthology...(more)



based in calgary, ab, canada and operational since 1987, our purpose is to discuss and promote  sherlock holmes as well as  the other literary works of sir arthur conan doyle. we meet 10 months of the year and spotlight a particular story for discussion each month.if you have an interest  in discussing sherlock holmes and live in the calgary area, click here for information on joining us.the game's afoot in calgary!








subscribe to welcomeholmes  
the best holmes discussion group on the web!



















the singular society of the baker street dozen

stroll along baker street by using the links below
[previous]
[previous 5]
[skip previous]
[next]
[next 5]
[skip next]
[random site]
[baker street residents]
want to move into baker street?
a sherlock holmes & sir arthur conan doyle webring










 media news the latest 































 the singular society of the baker street dozen-the sherlock holmes society of calgary, alberta,canada-celebrating our 23rd anniversary1987 -  2010



the world of sherlock holmes in books, films,television and radio



 book store the latest 



 site of the month sherlock holmes news











new edition of dsd's bending the willow in the works...(more)























robert downey jr. is sherlock holmes in new film...(more)



next meeting:november, 2010 location:?story:?
















