






the feeling dictionary – the feeling dictionary




















 the dictionary
contact us:
links
 














 

 

hoppa till innehållet
start
the language
impact on your life
the politics of feelings
secrecy
discipline
gut-feelings
moral vs. legal
sex & brain chemicals
 



 

  
  





 

 

 

 

 

 

  we use the words anger, love, happiness, sadness to describe feelings, but can you describe to another person what you mean by anger or even to yourself ? this dictionary tries to suggest meanings of feelings that go beyond the symptoms. see if your soul finds clarity by any of these definitions and if it doesn't, add your own ... 


 

  conventional definitions of feelings can make your soul feel like an outsider. most of us take too many instructions from the outside when we describe the meaning of our feelings. it is one thing to be aware of cultural instructions in our legal society, but it is quite another to take those instructions to be true. sadly, lots of people have vested interests in how we feel , either for their own benefit or deciding for us what is normal for the culture. 


 

  the culture has codes "instructions for how to feel" in response to situations i.e. that we all are expected to feel patriotism almost regardless of what the top of power strata is up to. we are also expected to believe in imaginary beings to maintain the pretense of us all having a religion. so lying about your real feelings has not only become the social grease that makes relationships "easier", it has also become the proof that we are loyal, obedient citizens that accept the rules of the game that we as citizens are expected to play. since the authorities cannot easily change how you really feel, they will try to tell you "what you should feel", especially if your true feelings reflect badly on them. 


 

  a nonviolent psychopath is someone who has had his/her feelingsystem replaced with thoughts so they no longer can learn from what they feel and intuit ... when this becomes prevelent, distinguished scholars may simply have learnt from other people's nonsense. school can then be the venue where "curriculum" defines what children and scholars "should know and learn and what is correct to feel". our innate capability to feel situations and understand them beyond words is then declared inadequate and superceeded by rule and law and makes humans programable and losing their humanity. 


 

  he human feeling-system is a finely tuned neuro-chemical instrument for perceiving all sorts of complex situations. sadly this system can be manipulated by abuse, of the kind that commands "how we should feel". these (mostly interest-serving) "axioms" of how we are supposed to feel in any given situation, can be implemented on a large scale and masquerade as "culture" ... see secrecy 



 
 

 





link page
 
	drivs av nirvana &
	  wordpress.









  















