







city heights cdc







































































































            who we are
          

            what we do
          

            stories
          



            in the news
          

            connect
          

        donate
      

















































































who we arewhat we dostories











in the newsconnectdonate









scroll








your support. their stability. join us in supporting our eviction prevention work, which is dedicated to helping families and individuals at risk of losing their homes.

  


    donate today
  









  

our work in the community. 

 













economic developmentresilient, diverse businesses are crucial to a better city heights for those who live here. this is why we spend so much time coaching and promoting businesses in the community. 




    read more
  















affordable housinggood things happen when people gain access to housing. we work to increase the availability and quality of housing for low-income residents across city heights. 




    read more
  















transportation & planningcommunities are built. roads, sidewalks, bike and bus lanes are planned out, and we advocate with residents to make sure they’re planned in a healthy, safe, family-friendly way for the community.




    read more
  













city heights bid & madstrengthening the local economy betters our community. we partner with local businesses, property owners and residents to boost local business and deliver a clean and safe university avenue corridor. 




    read more
  




    maintenance request
  








happening in city heights.click below to view upcoming community events in city heights.




    happening in city heights calendar
  

  







 

get our emails.sign up to receive news from the community, stories, event updates, and more.




    sign up
  

 






introducing thecoordinatedeviction preventionsystem programclick below to sign up for the interest lists.




    our list
  




    city of san diego's list
  

  







  

meet the people.we love this community and the people who live and work here, and it’s our joy to share their stories! click below to meet them.




    read stories
  

 
































































 

 




  

welcome to the university ave

 

business improvement district and maintenance assessment district                                                                                                                                                                                          




    learn more
  

 







  

get involved. communities can’t thrive without passionate people like you! join us out in the community addressing hunger, advocating for equity, and engaging community members. click below for more.




    volunteer
  

 




















 

 




 

join us.every dollar you give helps improve the quality of life in city heights.

 


    donate
  











home



home - community impact



home - our mission (copy)



home - subscribe



home - spa



home - relax



home - nature



home - cuisine



home - inquire














our staffcareersconnecthousing information


  

our team



connect











 

housing info



careers

 

privacy policy | terms & conditions | event terms & conditions4001 el cajon blvd., suite 205san diego, ca 92105ph: (619) 584-1535





























 







