



welcome







german







                  genealogical research service
historische







                  beratung und recherche
 











home

services

emigrants

other
                          resources

about me

imprint, data
                          privacy, contact

deutsche
                          version








welcome!

searching








              for one's own roots and origins ... in my impression, this
              is one of the core needs of humanity. people have been,
              and still are, always on the move. looking back the way we
              came, we want to know where we came from - but then we
              usually hit a roadblock at some stage. we may know a bit
              of our grandparents's history, we may even have heard some
              fancy family stories about having come from this place or
              that region.

              but what if we want to know more? what if we earnestly
              want to trace our ancestors in the historic documents,
              follow them further back, maybe as far as possible? what
              if we want to "put flesh on the bones", to know not only
              the names and dates, but more about how they lived, which
              soil they tilled, what they made their living of?

              genealogical research is always dependent upon the
              historical structures of a region. the political,
              religious and administrational history determines what to
              find in which archive. economic, cultural and legal
              patterns, for example those regarding naming, marriage or
              inheritance rules, determine the types of documents to be
              found there. profound historical knowledge is, therefore,
              a necessary prerequisite for genealogical research.

              yet one does not only need to know what to look for, one
              also needs to know how to read it. old german script does
              not only look very different from the modern one, it also
              changed considerably over the centuries. a 16th century
              text looks completely different from one written around
              1900. and apart from german, documents may also be written
              in latin or french.

              starting in 1994, i have been working as a professional
              genealogist in south germany ever since. based on this
              experience, i offer to help you in your quest, for your
              ancestors, your origins, for your elusive emigrant ... i
              cannot promise to find anything specific. but i promise to
              try, and to do my best.

              a genealogist, and a historian in general, is riding on
              the hedge - in this case, between past and present. yet
              there is, indeed, another part of my life that does not
              have to do anything with genealogy, but with riding on the hedge
              between two other realms, and with searching for one's
              roots a different way - and so the wheel is come full
              circle.

 


©
              sabine schleichert, spring 2018







