
















mallorca web site - hello majorca -tripadvisor hotel en mallorca isla

























i mallorca website
 we love mallorca isla













































visit mallorca - menorca - ibiza - formentera - cabrera - balearic islands - cycling - golf










enjoy your stay in the wonderful island of mallorca, with its incredible landscapes, beaches and its nice climate. also, be a part of our group hola-turista.com ! send us pictures of you and your friends and comment them so we publish them in our wall! be one of our amigos turistas! 
			 
			













palma de mallorca  | majorca cycling camps | golf in mallorca| las mejores playas de mallorca | bodas 



there is also ready access to the nearest resorts of ca'n pastilla  (5 miles) and cala mayor  (4 miles). the airport is close to playa de palma and the palma harbour is in paseo maritimo and both have great connections either by public transport, by car or by taxi






hola turista !


regardless of the month of the year, mallorca offers endless opportunities for weekend breaks. the leisure, relaxation, cultural, outdoors, shopping and gastronomic opportunities are both endless and accessible. you will find it difficult to not be tempted by all of them.


			 





hoteles logo y citry 









palma mallorca is mallorca  island's capital city (wikipedia) (how to get palma), palma offers a rich mix of history , culture  and nightlife . (see map) in palma de mallorca you can see the pass of the years and the different nationalities that have visited the island. parks and buildings are the mute witnesses of mallorca's life.

			 








 visit mallorca excursions!
			
excursiones, visitas y museos -
excursions, visits & museums - 

mallorca has become one of the favourite destinations for tourists all around the world for its beautiful landscapes and offers of cultural and natural visits around the geography of the island. you have shows and museums like es baluard museo, museo miro , fundacio la caixa , auditorium, teatre xesc forteza, teatre del mar and teatre principal the local places where you will enjoy every theatrical play, concert or show. trui teatre in la salle .
there´s also a great offer of cultural visits around the island to see other towns and natural beauties like cuevas de genova, cuevas del drach, almendros en flor, molinos de viento, ferias-mercados, pueblos y fiestas. you can book from many different agencies a wide range of excursions  to visit every majorca corner . more info in tripadvisor .


			 

			



						 
verano y playas en mallorca
summer and beaches in majorca
las mejores playas de mallorca /
						best beaches in majorca 
let´s go to cabo formentor - alcudia
nudist beach es trenc
cala blava - cala d'or
cala llombards - cala mondragó
camp de mar - can picafort
playa de muro - magalluf
palmanova - palmira
port de pollença - porto cristo
sa calobra - sa coma
sant elm - santa ponça

cultura mallorquina
majorca culture
aprende gastronomia mallorca
donde comprar ensaimadas ?
receta del frit mallorquí (frito)
souvenirs y artesania 
						 




congresos, reuniones
						seminarios
congresos en mallorca
ferias en mallorca
palacio congresos

mallorca ferry


mallorca transfers
rent a bike in mallorca
cruceros en palm












































  ©mallorcawebsite 96
 

