


washington cube




















    
	washington cube
	
  






friday, december 29, 2017



	 
	 a country christmas--george eliot
	 
    




 returning to elizabeth david's christmas, she reprints a passage from george eliot's the mill on the floss (1860) called "a country christmas."

"there was the smell of hot toast and ale from the kitchen, at the breakfast hour; the favorite anthem, the green boughs, and the short sermon, gave the appropriate festal character to the church-going; and aunt and uncle moss, with all of their seven children were looking like so many reflectors of the bright parlour fire, when the church-goers came back, stamping the snow from their feet. 

the plum-pudding was of the same handsome roundness as ever, and came in with the symbolic blue flames around it, as if it had been heroically snatched from the nether fires into which it had been thrown by dispeptic puritans; the dessert was as splendid as ever, with its golden oranges, brown nuts, and the chrystalline light and dark of apple jelly and damson cheese: in all these things christmas was as it had always been since tom could remember; it was only distinguished if by anything, by superior sliding and snowballs." 






















 the mill on the floss, 1860, george eliot 




labels: blue flame, christmas, elizabeth david, family, feasts, george eliot, plum pudding, snow, the mill on the floss



posted by washington cube at 12:15 am
1 comments






thursday, december 21, 2017



	 
	  christmas at sea
	 
    





last month i spent time reading elizabeth david's christmas book.  it was a mixture of memories, recipes and quotes from other authors about christmas in their distant pasts, or while at war, as this graham greene passage is, part of his printed diaries from world war ii.

"christmas day started at 11 in the morning with a bottle of champagne to cure the hangover.  round-the-empire broadcast and the king's rather lugubrious speech at lunch.  dinner with a huge menu.  hors d'oeuvre, soup, fried whiting, tinned asparagus, roast turkey and chipolatas, plum pudding, grapefruit ice.  it was like peace.  toasts to the king, churchill, roosevelt (for w.) sikorski (for the pole), etc.  then the captain, mate and the chief came to the smoking-room.  a shy r.n.v.r. officer tried to play hymns (the only tunes he knew), but the atmosphere by that time  was not propitious.  played sing, say or pay.  broke up traditionally at midnight with auld lang syne, and afterward i settled down to chess with the pole. one was less homesick than one had expected.  presumably that was the drink.  woke up at about 5 in the morning with an explosion; i thought that one of the convoy had caught it, but it must have been the clap of the wind as we changed course."

from the author's diary of a convoy to west africa, december 1941, graham greene "in search of a character", the bodley head, 1961.



labels: british food, champagne, christmas, christmas at sea, christmas during war, diaries, graham greene, plum pudding, say or pay, sing, the bodley head, the royal navy, world war ii



posted by washington cube at 2:12 pm
0 comments






wednesday, december 14, 2016



	 
	 when the circle is broken
	 
    





 

i don't remember when i started making wreaths for friends homes and the graves of family members. certainly, some time ago.  a longstanding friend lost her husband this year.  he had gone from physically fit with regular sports activities to sitting in a recliner staring blankly into space.  dementia.  early onset.  her living room was full of gifts for her family, but she hadn't decorated her house.  as she told me, "who will be here to see it?" and now she's starting to notice that her family is moving away and involved in their own lives.  one grandchild is at oxford. another in vermont.

 



 

i'm glad we did this today, because it's supposed to grow bitterly cold as soon as thursday.  my friend asked for a john deere "gator" ride out to the grave.  it's up on a hill and far from the road.  she had twisted her ankle the last time she went out there.  i drove and walked the hill behind them. they were talking during the ride, and my friend learned that pat was also from new york.  earlier, in the visitor's center, my friend ...solemnly turned to me and said, "i want apples on my wreath because of new york.  the big apple."  i told her that if she pre-deceased me, it would be done.  i told pat this story when they were getting out of the gator, and she laughed and said, "she really believes in being pre-prepared, doesn't she?"

 



 

 we both talked to her husband while we were standing there.  i had cut some non-invasive dwarft nandina fronds from the shrub at their home, and while we were talking i was tucking these in.  they had gone a rosy copper and matched everything perfectly. 

 

 my friend noticed the figures and said, "oh!  there are cherubs in there," and i told her "yes," for the two of them.  she said, "look, honey.  just like when we first met.  naked all of the time."

 



 

  i looked across to where her parents are buried.  i glanced to the right where my parents are.  i was thinking about how i used to take my parents to the blackwater wildlife refuge in cambridge, maryland to see the geese (and snow geese) migrating from canada.  they would stop there for a few days on their southern migration path and had done so for a long time.  now?  they are in that cemetery and all over the d.c. area, including golf courses.  anywhere there are large swaths of grass.

oddly, i didn't see one goose that day, and normally there are swarms of them.

 



the next wreath was for a family i've known since diapers.  the husband was the chief elder in the church.  the wife was my primary sunday school superintendent.  their daughter was a dear friend (she died last year) and their son is my attorney.  the wreath is for him, and we go out to a civil war cemetery where his family is buried and take pictures, then he walks around and shows me all of his clients that have died in the past year.  that sounds like a queer thing to do, but some of the stories are over the top, as life can be.














 

 

this was a larger wreath, so more to fill in.  i had a bag of pine cones, and i admit i used liquid glitter eye shadow to fix them up on the tips.  i also had cut and dried my hydrangeas, and i shoved one in the wreath for filler.  it worked out fine.﻿






 this bit was from one of my decorator boxes.  i was loathe to give it up, but i needed additional filler.


i won't make the mistake of using live eucalyptus again.  it's resin sticky so that when you cut it, you get black goop all over your fingers and it's hard to remove.  dried is fine, you just don't get that lovely menthol scent.

this will probably go out to the cemetery tomorrow.  also tomorrow--i need to finally get to me and make the wreath for my front door.  it was my mother that started with wreaths.  the tradition continues.
labels: cemeteries, cherubs, christmas, christmas decorating, death, decorating, eucalyptus, pine cones, wreaths



posted by washington cube at 11:46 pm
0 comments






sunday, december 11, 2016



	 
	 tió de nadal, or nothing says christmas like a poop log...if you are in spain
	 
    




 

tió
de nadal, a “pooping” christmas log, is an obsession among the kids in
catalunya for a few weeks leading into the holidays.  it usually starts on december 8th,
the feast of the immaculate conception.   part of the ancient tradition of burning a
yule log in the hearth at christmastime, these days it is a short trunk of wood
propped up by two front legs, with a smile, pug nose, and floppy red felt
catalan hat called a barretina.  wrapped
in a blanket and placed beside the fireplace. 
every night it is “fed” clementine and potato peels until the evening of
the 23rd or 24th of december.  sometimes, the logs are hollowed out (via the
face) and candies are put inside for future treats.  tootsie rolls?



the tió does not drop larger objects, as those are
considered to be brought by the three wise men. 
it does leave candies, nuts and torrons. 
depending on the region of catalonia, it may also give out dried figs.
when nothing is left to "shit", it drops a salt herring, a head of
garlic, an onion, or it "urinates" by leaving a bowl of water. what
comes out of the tió is a communal rather than individual gift, shared
by everyone there.


 

on that night, the family gathers around and the kids whack the log with a stick while chanting at the top of their voices, "ca-ga-ti-o, ca-ga-ti- o!" (poop log!  poop log!") and singing a short song about poopiing torro (almond and honey nougat called turron in sapnish) and oranges instead of salted herring or charcoal.  they then reach under the blanket and find pieces of torro (and often a small present) that has been "pooped out."    



 around catalunya, homes resound with chanting versions of
the song.  schools have an enormous tió
that kids bring scraps from home to feed. 
the offerings look like rich mounds of compost.  sometimes tió is whacked so vigorously that
the sticks are broken and have to be replaced. 


 

to make the log defecate, one beats the tió with
sticks, while singing various songs of tió de nadal.  there are many versions of the tió song, but
the standard one goes like this:

cago tió   (poop log)

tió de nadal   (trunk
of christmas)

no caguis arengades  
(don’t poop herring)

que són salades 
(which are salty)

caga torrons   (poop
nougat)

que són més bons   (which
are much tastier)

caga taronges   (poop
oranges)

que són ben dolces 
(that are very sweet)

there are several versions of this ditty.  and if you’ve been around kids, you know how
they love saying “poop.”  another version goes:

poop log, log of christmas

we will put the pork in salt

the hen at the trough

and the chick on top of the pine tree

play, play valentine

oxen and cows pass

hens with shoes

and roosters with big shoes (*blink*)

run, run children

because the aunty is making nougat

the vicar has tasted them

and he says they are a bit salty

oh the donkey, oh the pig

oh the face, face, face

of the donkey, oh the pig

oh the face of a pepper.

….and sometimes, for good measure they add:

trunk of christmas

poop neules (a rolled wafer biscuit) and nougat



and piss champagne…”i pixa xampany!”  don’t we all?

 

 


 
labels: catalane, christmas, christmas music, dc blogs, dc blogs live, holiday traditions, logs, nougat, orange peel, poop log, spain, three wise men, tio de nadal, washington cube



posted by washington cube at 1:18 am
0 comments






thursday, december 01, 2016



	 
	 drink a bite to eat
	 
    





 

on this day, the first dr. pepper was served in waco, texas in 1885.  like many soft drinks of that era, it started in a pharmacy, and a kindly old country doctor, wearing a monocle and top hat became the first visual image for the product.  personally, i think he's more of an evil cross between the monopoly guy and mr. peanut.  while it is reputed that the signature ingredient is prune juice, you might think the 10, 2 and 4 slogan refers to "regularity."  




 

the 10, 2 and 4 slogan actually began sometime during the 1920's when it was believed that consuming sugar gave you energy (in a positive way.)  the official slogan was "drink a bite to eat at 10, 2, and 4"  to reinforce the peppy belief of the beverage.  coca cola had cocaine.  seven-up had lithium, but dr. pepper only had sugar...and maybe some prunes. 



 

a copyright drawing for an early bottle design.  invariably, because of the "10, 2 and 4" you would often see clocks in dr. pepper commercials, or even clocks made using the dr. pepper logo.




 

further proof the the subtle genius of lux interior of the cramps, where he wrote a song called "bop pills" in which he describes the doctor prescribing "take three bop pills at 10, 2 and 4."  it's just past four, so here's to you....

 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usleccxhjek

 

 



﻿

"drink a bite to eat"﻿
labels: 1024, anniversary, bop pills, clocks, dr. pepper, energy, lux interior, prunes, soft drink, the cramps, waco texas



posted by washington cube at 4:58 pm
1 comments






wednesday, november 30, 2016



	 
	 inka dinka doo.  i like ink.  do you?
	 
    





﻿

 

has anyone ever been unhappy shopping for art  supplies?  i went to an art supply store the other day.  it's in an old enough  building, the floors creak while you walk the aisles.  my goal was to find a new  color of ink to use with a fountain pen that hadn't been active in a while.  so  many art supplies shops that were present in my youth up until now are gone.  i truly mourn the loss of pearl art (still in new york) that we had for a while.   i could spend hours in there looking at paint and colored pencils and all of the  beautiful handmade papers.

 



 
i studied the inks and decided i wanted to focus on  the line made by winsor & newton, a company based in london, england, but  the ink is made in france.  i also like using pelikan ink which is made in  germany.  i've never settled on just one color of ink when i'm using a fountain  pen.  my mother always used a navy that was then universally called  "blue-black."   even though i was writing thank you notes and letters as soon as  i could write, i didn't begin with a fountain pen until i was about 11, and my  first color choice was a turquoise then called "peacock blue."  i probably  remained loyal to that color for two years, then played around a bit more, even  using ink colors seasonally (red for christmas, etc.) which i still  do.



sometime in my early 20's it was all about a mahogany  brown that i used with a cream stationery, the envelopes lined with a  reproduction of an antique browned map of the world.  my first time in london i  went to smythson's and fell in love with color bordered papers (they even made  mourning paper--something i had first read about in "brideshead revisited," by  evelyn waugh.  sebastian flyte writes to his friend charles on his parent's  victorian mourning paper, because he's bored and wants company after breaking  his foot in an alcohol fueled fall--and i've always been loyal to crane paper,  started by stephen crane in boston in 1770.
 


 



i chose a sanguine red, called "deep red" that looks 
rather like dried blood, and i'm using it for my moore fountain pen, moore being 
a defunct pen company out of boston.  i bought the pen several years ago from a 
fountain pen specialist in somerville, just a short distance from harvard.  it's 
nothing fancy, a real workhorse of a pen and it has sentimental value.  i tend 
to use one color of ink with each pen so that hues don't muddied and not reflect 
their true shade.  i photographed a recent pen i bought that has a silver and 
checkerboard effect that i use for emerald ink, and probably for the longest 
period of my fountain pen existence, i've been writing with green 
inks. 

you have to slow down and think when writing with 
ink.
 




labels: art stores, art supplies, blood red, crane paper company, dc blogs, dc blogs live, fountain pens, innk, london, moore pens., peacock blue, pearl art, pelican, smythson's, washington cube, winsor & newton



posted by washington cube at 9:04 pm
0 comments






sunday, november 27, 2016



	 
	 pomegranate porno: taste of persia
	 
    





 taste of persia:  a cook's travels through armenia, 
azerbaijan, georgia, iran and kurdistan by naomi duguid. 

 

such an unusual cookbook covering the author's travels and 
recipes from the persian regions.  saffron water, mint oil, rhubarb syrup, tons 
of flat breads and meals using "greens" (herbs.) a real work of love in this 
book. i had to share the section where the author teaches you to eat a 
pomegranate "nomad style." the author was taught this technique by a khamseh 
nomad man in the mountains east of shiraz, iran.  





 here is his method:  pomegranates are full of juicy seeds held 
in place by bitter pith.  when the fruits are ripe and fresh, sucking the juice 
is the easiest and best way to eat them.  start by holding the pomegranate in 
your hands and squeezing it all over, pressing on it with your fingertips all 
over until it goes from being a tight-skinned fruit to feeling very soft.  feel 
for any firm places and press on them.   

poke a small hole in the fruit and immediately put your mouth 
over the hole and start swallowing the juice (it will spurt out if you're not 
careful.)  suck and swallow some more.  keep pressing on the fruit as you suck 
and keep rotating it around.  the pressing breaks up the seeds, releasing the 
juice.  as you continue to suck, the fruit will get more and more like a 
basketball that has host its air, with dents and hollows and softness.  
eventually, when it is very saggy, you can break the pomegranate open.  inside, 
the seeds will be a pale pink, having had their juice pressed and sucked out of 
them.  there may be the odd renegade still red seed or two, those you can eat 
one by one.  at the end of the process, your pucker muscles will be a little 
tired, but you'll have had a delicious drink of fresh pomegranate juice without 
having had to deal with the messiness of the seeds and pits and 
membranes. 

ha!  i wonder, after writing this out, if i can market it as 
porn!



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






labels: armenia, azerbaijan, cooking, dc blogs, dc blogs live, food, fruit, georgia, iran, krudistan, nomad, nomadic life, persia, persian cooking, pomegranate, washington cube



posted by washington cube at 6:58 pm
1 comments











about me

name:  washington cube 
location:  united states 
view my complete profile


<

    
        
  links

photocynthesis
pigtown design

dc blogs
dc blogs live

boston phoenix
cape cod online.com
provincetown banner
barnstable patriot

the webtender cocktail guide
8,000 cocktails a to z

the walden school of music


previous posts

a country christmas--george eliot
christmas at sea
when the circle is broken
tió de nadal, or nothing says christmas like a poo...
drink a bite to eat
inka dinka doo.  i like ink.  do you?
pomegranate porno: taste of persia
little demon in the city of light: guest blogger m...
apocalypse now:  why we really love zombies
pope francis i : first "to do" list

archives

august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
september 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
june 2010
september 2010
january 2011
june 2012
july 2012
november 2012
january 2013
march 2013
january 2014
july 2014
november 2016
december 2016
december 2017









 













