






	better farming | keeping canadian farmers and agriculture professionals connected with news, information and resources




































search























menu

homeabout usstaffcontributorsjoin our teamadvertiseadvertising specificationsadvertising sales staffonline advertising opportunitiescustom publishing solutionsresourcescontactmagazinesbetter farming ontariofeatured articlesarchivebetter porkfeatured articlesarchivebetter farming prairiesfeatured articlesarchivesubscribe




















































































better farming



the largest editorial agriculture magazine in canada, better farming has a proud tradition of editorial excellence and is distributed to 39,000 commercial farms in ontario, and a western version to 45,000 farms in manitoba, saskatchewan, and alberta.
our editorial leadership has served canadian producers since 1999 and oversees standards of journalism which set us apart from most other agricultural media – standards of objectivity, accuracy and fairness. 
better farming is the professional farmer’s trusted source for insight and analysis on commercial agriculture and the key issues affecting rural life. 
our loyal, engaged readers invest their valuable time with better farming. and we know we must continue to earn that time and that trust – every month, with every magazine. it’s our solemn pledge to producers across canada’s agricultural industry





history of success



our history of award-winning journalism has been achieved by a commitment to excellence.
our journalists work closely with producers and industry to comprehend and cover agricultural issues from an authoritative position.
editorial director paul nolan began his career as an agricultural editor and publisher over 35 years ago with farm builder of canada. his roots at better farming go back to his time at farm & country magazine, and he offers a unique ability to connect with loyal audiences across various media platforms. paul also has a passion for photojournalism, as a former winner of a national newspaper award for top news photograph.





our magazines










 
subscriptions

better farming ontario - price for one year subscription (11 issues) is $41, plus applicable taxes in canada.
save with a 2-year better farming magazine subscription.
  
better farming prairies - price for one year subscription (9 issues) is $41, plus applicable taxes in canada.
save with a 2-year better farming prairies magazine subscription.
  
better pork - price for one year subscription (6 issues) is $22, plus applicable taxes in canada.
save with a 2-year better pork magazine subscription.

subscribe today



















advertise
subscribe
contact us







































































it's farming. and it's better.
 









subscriptions
subscriber inquiries, change of address, or usa and international orders, please email: subscriptions@betterfarming.com or call 888-248-4893 x 281.

article ideas & media releases
have a story idea or media release? if you want coverage of an ag issue, trend, or company news, please email us.








follow us on social media

 

 








disclaimerprivacy policy2025 ©agmedia inc. all rights reserved. this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.



back to top














