






home | pacific dining car






































































































toggle navigation









 landmark!
welcome 

our history
movie & t.v. history
gallery


prime, aged beef 

 steaks online


events 

popup


 gifts
contact 

press kit
subscribe


 







home





 





since 1921 

l.a.'s iconic steakhouse 







since 1921 

l.a.'s iconic steakhouse 







since 1921 

l.a.'s iconic steakhouse 







since 1921 

l.a.'s iconic steakhouse 



 



 








welcome 
founded by fred and grace cook back in 1921, the pacific dining car has been in the business of quality steaks for over 100 years.

more info



 





 





coming soon... 

your at-home
steakhouse
experience 


 






subscribe

be the first to hear of exclusive events, online items and promotions. 







* indicates required
email address *









 





customer reviews 






my meal was delicious as always  the service is always very good. pacific dining car is my favorite restaurant.  

- - liz a. 

amazing! the service was incredible and the food was delicious. we were so happy and will be returning soon!

- - kat a. 

it was a brilliant dinner.  service was very pleasant and  food was sensational.  since i belong to pdc membership, i got a free entree for my birthday!  unlike so many incentive or membership clubs,  yours actually makes you feel like a valued customer and is a real dollar saver.  from apps to dinner, we loved our meal.

- - tom r. 

food and service was great! we always leave pdc with a smile. the waiters are fantastic. has to be my favorite steak house in all of la. thank you guys. 

- - alan h. 

the service and meal were exceptional. i took a date and it was her first time there and she was blown away by the food, service and ambiance.

- - daniel h. 

every dining experience at pdc is amazing! last week was no exception. enjoyed a fantastic birthday dinner with my wife and two children.
great memories! 

- - james y. 

it was excellent.  the steak was extremely tasty, as well as all the side dishes and wine.  i had enough left over for a second meal.  service, as always, was perfect, and i especially like the atmosphere, quiet and one can talk with your dining partner. i wish i could afford it more often.  thank you.

- - tamara b. 

we had a wonderful time and enjoyed the food immensely. we often come to the restaurant when we celebrate a special occasion and we plan to continue this tradition.

- - douglas s. 

the overall dining experience was fantastic.  the servers were very attentive yet not intrusive.  the food was phenomenal.  i will definitely be back.

- - julian r. 









































 

site navigationhome
welcome
contact us
 

instagram





we have special mother's day dishes for this weeke






last chance 3-course special for two ~ $37 each. (






steakhouse specials under $20! available for a lim






steakhouse specials under $20! available for a lim






special 3-course dinner for 2, only $37 each (deta






fresh family meals - feed 4 for $37.50 each or les






we have your happy hour: buy 4 classic cocktails, 






3-course prime steak & seafood dinner for two ~ on






amazing steakhouse survival kits, delivered free t



 





 

about usour history
1921 – that’s when it all started
the pacific dining car was born in a railway train car parked on a rented lot in downtown los angeles and continues to be family-run for 4 generations…











 





© 2025 pacific dining car. all rights reserved.
not affilliated with pacific dining car inc.

 this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsread moreaccept privacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview

this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                            necessary 
                        
always enabled 


necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






                            non-necessary 
                        


non-necessary
 


any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.












 



            takeout is available 4-10pm. your order must be placed by 9:45pm.        


























