


home - bluff city canoe club






























skip to main content











































member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel






share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter

















home calendar photospaddling meetups /common adventure places to paddle trip reports river outfitters gauges news safety forums membership contact us surveys






we meet monthly at the main library on poplar.  click  on bccc monthly meeting on the calendar for more details.
what we do

since 1967, we've been devoted to enjoyment of the outdoors through canoeing, kayaking, biking, hiking and camping. families, singles, young, experienced or first-time paddlers enjoy a variety of trips, volunteer events, and activities in a friendly group environment. our paddling adventures are usually class a, 1 or 2 and occasionally class 3. events may include biking, hiking or other activities out of town trips include both car/ rv and primitive camping.  day trips in the memphis area are usually within 1 hour drive and may involve a short shuttle if paddling downstream in a local river.




joining is easy
you can join right here by clicking the membership tab above.  or come to a meeting. if you decide to join, we can sign you up right there.  dues are $30 per year and include your entire family. if you would like to try us out, use the "contact us" at the bottom of the page. we'll set up with a guest a paddle.




training and safety
are you new to paddling? training in boat handling , paddling, and rescue is regularly scheduled. many members have safety, first aid, or paddling certifications, and donate countless hours of volunteer time to local organizations to share their skills and love of the outdoors.













slideshow
cover photos





we need 40 garments pre-ordered in order to begin production with the new custom logo. 

the 50th anniversary shirt can be ordered from the original supplier.

other shirts are also in stock in limited sizes.

for more information, click below to go to the bccc store.

club gear










upcoming events
meetups








upcoming events
upcoming events












home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 







