


your one source for medicinal herbs and teas, natural oils, remedies, and natural cosmetics.




















 your one source for medicinal herbs and teas, natural oils, remedies, and natural cosmetics - ðóññêàÿ èíòåðíåò àïòåêà îíëàéí - äîñòàâêà ïî âñåì øòàòàì.




































name
sku
description
    















 catalog -  êàòàëîã 


   by condition -   ïî áîëåçíÿì 

 cosmetics -   êîñìåòèêà

dead sea minerals -  ìèíåðàëû ìåðòâîãî ìîðÿ 








 essential oils -   ìàñëà è æèðû

 ointments -   ìàçè 

vitamins and immune support -   âèòàìèíû










 herbs -   òðàâû

phyto teas -  ôèòî-×àè

tablets-remedies -   òàáëåòêè

tinctures-mixes -   íàñòîéêè 






for medicine cabinet -  âàøà äîìàøíÿÿ àïòå÷êà

personal hygiene -   ïåðñîíàëüíÿ ãèãèåíà

to help you quit -   ïðîòèâ êóðåíèÿ 

weight loss -   äëÿ ïîõóäåíèÿ







for woman -  äëÿ æåíùèí

for man  -   äëÿ ìóæ÷èí

for children -  äëÿ äåòåé 

gifts & perfumes -   ïîäàðêè è äóõè





 attention: by placing an order on our website you agreeing to our   terms and conditions  




















herbhealer.com welcomes you to discover an  amazing power of herbs , minerals, essential oils for health, beauty, energy...








































essentiale forte n and other liver support products!
          revolutionary product original combination of essential phospholipids used in our bodies as building blocks for our cells.
          




mummyo
            
               mummyo- mountain balsam, mountain blood - those are a few names given to this remarkable mineral - probably the only edible mineral there is with the highest bio-availability.        
            






 inulin (topinambur tablets)  


 inulin 
          


dona glucosamine sulfate 
            dona is the original crystalline glucosamine sulfate ...

price: $40.95




 valocordin  - phyto 
            removes stress and helsp to reduce heart  
            pain, insomnia, neurosis, anxiety.

price: $14.50


 corvalol 25ml
            heart stress relieve... 

price: $12.95




 nic-out and super stop cigarette filters 

           this small and simple device provides intensive, multistage cigarette smoke purification: 90% of the tar is extracted; the content of nicotine is lowered 5 times!              

          

price: from $3.00


validol 10 tablets
            validol produces a sedative effect, and has a moderate reflex and
            vascular dilative action caused by... 

price: $2.00




novo passit
            to relieve stress , anxiety, tention.
		to help you sleep better
		and wake-up full of energy... 

price: from $12.95


 ascorutin (50 tablets) 

          every vitamin, contained in the preparation, undergoes typical transformations. ascorbic acid is quickly absorbed mainly in duodenum and in jejunum            
           

price: $7.95





















































home


about us


basket


on sale !



shipping and disclamer


doctor recommends


contact us

















 








attention: all products and any information present on our site are for general use only and not meant to treat or cure any disease. any informational statements about any products have not been evaluated by fda, unless stated otherwise.

attention: you should always consult a doctor before using any folk medicine herbs, oitments and tinctures.

âíèìàíèå: êîíñóëüòèðóéòåñü ñ âàøèì âðà÷îì ïðåæäå ÷åì èñïîëüçîâàòü êàêèå ëèáî ñðåäñòâà íàðîäíîé ìåäèöèíû.








home
 | 
shopping cart
 | 

contact us





2003
      all rights reserved herbhealer.com 
















    







    




    

















