




norfolk mills - home









 



norfolk mills 















home
contact
links
news





 watermill & windmill
main indexes 






millers' wills
norwich millwrights
norwich windmillers





aylsham navigation
north walsham & dilham canal  
watermill machinery
windmill machinery





harry apling 
credits
publications
accommodation







the site database search engine is below and on the norfolk mills index page

last site update 10th february 2025

you can use this search engine to search for all pages within the site that may contain a
      name of your choice:




















 
 





this website contains a considerable amount of historical and genealogical data for in excess of
        1,200 mills along with over 3,000 photographs. 

        all pages should be easily accessible via the links above.

wanted!
information on norfolk windmills and watermills.
              also photographs 
for copying (repairing if necessary)  
              and preserving.
        all photographs would of course be returned immediately
        please 
        
        or telephone 07836 675369
              

 






at the time of domesday, in the 11th century, there were some 580 recorded watermills in norfolk, but no windmills. the earliest known windmill in norfolk was recorded at rackheath in 1268 and the earliest identified windmill site in norfolk was at barton_bendish in 1338, although thomas thurne gave a windmill in waxham to hickling priory c.1190. 
 


domesday book of norfolk 


in norfolk alone there were upwards of 580 water-mills, five of which were at holt, five at wymondham, five at snettisham, four at flitcham, four at suffield, four at earlham and four at sedgeford; they varied much in value, some of them being rated as high as £3, while others were returned as worth no more than 3s.
      the produce of water-mills is variously stated in the survey, sometimes in grain, sometimes partly in money and partly in  grain, and occasionally from the fishery in the mill stream.



an analysis of the domesday book of the county of norfolk, - 
          
        rev. george munford,  
    vicar of east winch, 1858



      by the early 1800s only 80 or 90 watermills were still functioning but there were still 300 - 400 windmills in the county. by the late 1800s the water and windmilled stone ground flour was fast giving way to roller mill produced flour. the taste of the people was changing and the new technology was capable of producing flour far more efficiently and faster. 

horning_mill_loke_postmill was probably the first postmill and possibly even the first windmill to be fitted with william cubitt's patent sails c.1807 that were eventually to be used by virtually all norfolk windmills. stalham_smockmill is the only other known contender.

  the first steam mill for auxiliary power was installed at dickleburgh in 1834. 

  in 1939 claude messent recorded that there were only 60 watermills still standing and by 2004 the number had gone down to 52 with only around 20 still containing any remnants of machinery and many have now disappeared completely. forever.

 standing watermills and windmills are now a rarity and this website is intended to provide a pictorial and historical record of all the mills i can trace here in norfolk, england.
jonathan neville 






the 1563 the statute of apprentices forbade anyone to enter a trade who had not served an apprenticeship.  some modification to this statute occurred but it remained on the statute books until 1814.  prior to 1710 nothing exists for apprentices in the archives in london.  


from 1710 - 1811 the government decided to use the system to generate some revenue, hence the stamp duty records from inland revenue. duty was payable by the master at the rate of 6d for every £1 under £50 that he received for taking on the apprentice and 1/- for every £1 above that sum. the deadline for payment was one year after the expiry of the indenture.






pages are continually being updated and added  - so any and all help with information, anecdotes and photographs would be greatly appreciated.





photographs for sale 
please note that all photographs and material on this site are subject to copyright and must not be reproduced without prior permission from the owner.

        however, if you are interested in purchasing a full size digital photo,
        many are available, subject to copyright.
        please

  or telephone 07836 675369
        digital copy via email - £10.00
        digital copy burnt onto cd - £20.00 + postage etc. (dependent on destination) 
and don't forget to provide full details of which photo you are interested in!











 
 
 
 
 
 






this site is 
        recognised by
        spab 
the society 
        for the protection
        of ancient buildings 
mills section





24,696 visits from 66 countries in our first 4 months in 2002!
                33,095 pages viewed in may 2007! 






 
                this site came onstream on 6th september 2002 and traffic has slowly increased.

                may 2007 saw 17,622 visitors from 86 countries







we welcome viewers from the following countries:
                albania, andorra, antigua & barbuda, argentina, ascension island, austria, australia, azerbaidjan, bahamas, bahrain, barbados, belgium, belize, bhutan,
  bolivia, bosnia-herzegovina,              botswana, brazil, brunei darussalam, bulgaria, burkina faso, burundi, cambodia, canada, cayman 
                  islands, chad, chile, china, christmas island, cocos (keeling) islands, columbia, costa rica, croatia, cyprus, czech republic, 
                  denmark, dominican republic, egypt, estonia, faroe islands, finland, france, 
                  georgia, germany, gibraltar, greece, guam, guatemala, guyana, honduras, hong 
                  kong, hungary, iceland, india, indonesia, iran, ireland, isle of man, israel, italy, jamaica,
                  japan, jersey, jordan, kazakhstan, laos, latvia, lebanon, liechtenstein, lithuania, luxembourg, 
                  macedonia, malaysia, malta, mauritius, mexico, moldova, monaco, morocco, namibia, 
                  nepal, netherlands, netherlands antilles, new zealand, nigeria, niue, norway, pakistan, papua 
                  new guinea, paraguay, peru, philippines, poland, polynesia (french), portugal, puerto rico, qatar, 
                  romania, russian federation, samoa islands, saudi arabia, seychelles, singapore, 
                  slovak republic, slovenia, south africa, south korea, spain, sri 
                  lanka, sweden, switzerland, syria, taiwan, thailand, trinidad & tobago, turkey, tuvalu, uganda, ukraine, united arab emirates, united states, 
                      uruguay, us educational, us government, us military, ussr (former), venezuela, 
            vietnam, virgin islands (usa), yugoslavia and zimbabwe 


may 2020 saw visitors from 38 countries -
              australia, azerbaijan, bahrain belgium, brazil, canada, china, cyprus, ethiopia, finland, france, germany, hungary, indonesia, ireland, italy, jersey, kazakstan, malta, mexico, montengro, netherlands, new zealand, norway, peru, poland, romaina, russia, singapore, south africa, spain, sweden, switzerland, uganda, united arab emirates,  ukraine, united kingdom, united states, 










we 
        hope you will find something of interest amongst the photos and snippets 
        of information put together.

        we would also be grateful for any information, history, anecdotes or photographs 
        that could be included as we continue to develop and update the site. 
        all photographs will of course be returned immediately after they are 
        scanned.

      please 
        note that all photographs and material on this site are subject to copyright 
        and must not be reproduced without prior permission from the owner. if 
        you are interested in a photo please 
        
 for 
      copyright details  or telephone 07836 675369. 





many individuals and organisations have between them, provided a vast amount of assistance and archive information for inclusion on this website. please take time to visit the credits_page to view some of the information sources.  





 do visit our sister sites www.hempstead-norfolk.co.uk and www.itteringham.com 
        also jonathan neville's african and norfolk wildlife digital photos at www.digitalwild.co.uk



 


copyright © jonathan neville 2014



top of page 
 


