
































































    gregory's steak & seafood grille | cocoa beach, fl
  
















          


       home



  menu



  comedy club



  gallery



  contact us








  





       


   

book now






 



       


 900 n atlantic ave, cocoa beach, florida, 32931
  

book your dinner reservation here




       home



  menu



  comedy club



  gallery



  contact us












        

   welcome to

gregory’s

steak & seafood grille

in cocoa beach, fl



 
  

click here for online ordering





     

book your table here




   dinner tonight could be the “same old same old.” or it could be your favorite cut of steak, grilled just the way you like it; a caribbean lobster tail with plenty of hot drawn butter; or a juicy burger with all the fixings. it’s all waiting for you, at gregory’s steak & seafood grille! for nearly three decades, cocoa beach, fl, locals and visitors have made dinner at our family restaurant a regular treat. make it dinner and a show by joining us for comedy night every weekend, or make dinner at your place a special occasion by ordering your meal to go. call ahead for reservations and we’ll see you at gregory’s. 



    why choose us? 

there are tons of top-rated dining establishments in cocoa beach, fl, but none are quite like gregory’s steak & seafood grille. our family restaurant boasts:



         







a comprehensive wine list worthy of the wine spectator award of excellence for nearly seven years running; we are the only restaurant in brevard county, fl, to receive this prestigious distinction for many consecutive years in a row! 

   


a top-notch culinary team focused on hand-cut steaks, sustainably-sourced seafood, and house-made soups

    




cocoa beach’s only professional comedy club featuring nationally touring comedians on weekends upstairs.







   visit us on thursday's, friday's and saturday's and make it a night to remember with good food, good company, and a generous helping of laughter! 



       
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button







  give the gift
of gregory’s

for the couple that looked after your pets while you were away on business; the teacher who helped your kid smash that mental math block; the co-worker whose contributions got your presentation noticed for all the right reasons. show your appreciation for the people you care about in a delicious way. treat them to dinner at gregory’s steak & seafood grille! ask about gift cards for birthdays, holidays, or any occasion. 
  

purchase gift card here




  


      




there’s a steak with your name on it at gregory’s steak & seafood grille. see you soon! ﻿
  

click here to make a reservation








       


900 n atlantic ave, cocoa beach, florida, 32931

(321) 799-2557﻿























































































  
  share by:










