zimmatic irrigation solutions for varying terrain and crops | lindsay  
    
us / canada | english  spanish / españolfrench / françaischoose region

 menu 



irrigation solutionsbrandszimmaticfieldnetfieldwiseperrotelecsysspecialtywhy pivot irrigationdealer locatorresourcesglobal impactinfrastructure solutionsbrandsroad zipperbarrier systemsroadconnectsnolinerail productssafety standardsadvocacyresourcescontactabout who we arepresslocationscareers benefitsinvestors contact us    menu  about zimmaticproductspivots & lateralstracking solutionscontrol panelsprecision irrigationcropsdealer locatorresourceszimmaticlindsayirrigationbrandszimmatic a fit for every field and every grower.zimmatic irrigation systems are built to last. from industry-leading durability and strength to innovative enhancements and advanced technology, every product is designed to be a part of a custom and flexible solution that best supports you and your field.about zimmaticview our center pivot irrigation solutions explore our industry-leading solutions.built to take on any terrain, topography, climate, cropping condition or layout.
center pivot irrigation & lateral move irrigation systemscenter pivot irrigation & lateral move irrigation systemslearn more
tracking solutionstracking solutionslearn more
control panelscontrol panelslearn more
precision irrigationprecision irrigationlearn morecalculate the potential irrigation savings.our dryland conversion calculator can help visualize how quickly an investment can pay off when you switch to a pivot irrigation system, no matter the size of your field or operation.compare nowtake a look at our featured resources.
winter maintenance tips for optimal pivot performancejan 7, 2025winter is the ideal time for growers to perform preventative maintenance on their irrigation equipment. not only does it improve performance during the growing season, but it can also reduce costly breakdowns, increase yield, and extend the lifespan of your pivots.read more »
blog roundup: the 5 most popular articles in 2023jan 15, 2024as we usher in the new year, we’re looking back at our most popular articles from the zimmatic blog in 2023. from insights on what to expect when purchasing a zimmatic pivot to tips on maximizing the life of your irrigation system, we hope the articles in this roundup serve as an excellent resource for enhancing your approach to smart irrigation and efficient water management in the new year.read more »
quick snapshot: what’s in the 2023 us farm billsep 12, 2023the 2023 farm bill is on its way. in an ideal world, it would be swiftly renewed after its previous incarnation, 2018’s agriculture improvement act, expires on september 30. but that’s unlikely. deliberations are ongoing, time-consuming and complicated. every farm bill has far-reaching implications, big and small, for growers around the country. you are its stakeholders—and that means we are, too. because setting you up to succeed is what lindsay is all about.read more »view morelindsay corporation18135 burke street, suite 100, omaha, ne 68022, usaphone: +1 (402) 829-6800global locationsaboutirrigationinfrastructureinvestorscareerscontact© lindsay corporation. all rights reserved.privacy noticeterms of use   