






jefferson's landing










































 (715) 479-7066















home
hilliard cabin
photo galleries
fishing
family vacations
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 










jefferson’s landing resort
wisconsin family vacations and fishing resort in conover near eagle river, wi since 1949!
join us in celebrating our 66th anniversary in our cabins on south twin lake!





 



 







welcome to jefferson’s landing resort, south twin lake in conover wi
our 2 & 3 bedroom cabins are kept impeccably clean for wisconsin family vacations on south twin lake in wisconsin. finished in pine paneling, our cabins also have modern kitchens and comfortable bedrooms. relax in front of the big fireplace in the cozy living area, while you enjoy a spectacular view of the lake from the beautifully appointed dining/living rooms or deck. tv/vcr with satellite and weber grill are included. pets are allowed with prior approval.
our wisconsin family vacation resort is an excellent choice for bringing the kids on family vacations that truly take you away from the everyday grind of “normal” life. there are plenty of activities for wonderful wisconsin family vacations!
our sandy beach offers excellent swimming for the whole family and docking for your boat. swim raft, separate fish cleaning facilities, and an outdoor fire pit are provided. relax with you family in the northwoods at a peaceful wisconsin vacations resort.our new play ground will surly appease the young outdoor adventurers in your family!
perfect for the discerning outdoorsman, south and north twin offer the best in musky, walleye, bass, and pan fishing. this is also a great lake for water skiing and other water sports. in the autumn, our tranquil hardwood forests produce outstanding fall colors for your outdoor activities. whitetail deer and ruffled grouse abound on our public hunting lands.
built in the 1950′s by the late dan and frieda jefferson, the resort is continuously updated for today’s needs. the jefferson’s daughters, lorrayne maki and marilyn hilliard are your hosts during our operating months of may through october for you wisconsin family vacations.
as beautiful as our cabins look on your screen, it doesn’t compare to what they look like in person. trophy fishing, breathtaking sunsets, outdoor wonderlands, wisconsin family vacations and relaxing ambiance are all awaiting you on south twin lake at either the maki or hilliard cabins.
close to the towns of conover and eagle river your options are endless on finding just the right things to do to make your vacation with us the best one yet. thank you in advance for considering jefferson’s landing resort on beautiful south twin lake in conover, wisconsin for your next family vacations!



jefferson’s landing resortcabins on south twin lake, wiphone: (715) 891-6539owner – operatoremail: jeffersonslanding@gmail.com

what’s new?
bike trail – we welcome you to hike or bike through our bountiful forests and around our peaceful waters. discover the true serenity of the northwoods here in conover! clink on the link www.conover.org

road sign change: road sign at corner of church rd and monheim will be east church rd. about 1/4 mile in, e church rd splits, and e church rd continues to the north and jefferson landing rd will go straight to the resort. the road will be signed by the town. our big sign will be on the ne corner of monheim and e church rd. there is no change in the name of church road that runs between hwy 45 and monheim rd.



 










facebook


© jefferson's landing - website by guerinteed it 






















