





tennessee state university








































access


banner(employees)


eab-navigate



elearn


email


mytsu


tech help

_______________

curriculum mgmt


emergency system


event/room reservations


facilities sys


hr system


maintenance


procurement


tn online


univ accreditation


univ assessment

_______________

other




directory


campus map




 











 tennessee state university 




academics






undergraduate


graduate


online / distance learning


transfer


high school / other





hbcu c2


smart tech center


libraries & media centers





academic calendar


catalog & courses


freshmen advising




you have unlimited possibilities for success at tennessee state university. we’re a leading institution of higher learning and provide students with the opportunity to experience academic and personal growth. you’ll receive instruction from top-notch faculty and be immersed in research, service learning, and student life activities, including internships, cultural, and study abroad opportunities. 







admissions & aid







undergraduate


request information


apply to tsu


tuition & costs


financial aid


course program of study


campus tour


counselors


orientation


contact admissions


graduate


graduate admissions




our world-class faculty will teach you how to apply what you learn in the classroom to real-world situations. as a student, you will become a problem solver and critical thinker. you may begin the admissions process by submitting your application. the university also assists in providing information on financial aid services, work-study, fellowships and scholarships based on eligibility and other rules and regulations established by the agencies.






student life






tsu at a glance


student activities


student services


residence life


life in nashville


our history & tradition




tennessee state university students go by the motto: “think. work. serve.” but we also realize a little fun should be part of the collegiate experience to create a holistic approach to learning. with a variety of social, professional and civic clubs for students to participate in, there are many opportunities for you to share your time and talents and enjoy connecting with your fellow students to create the work-life balance needed for success in college and beyond.






support tsu


research






research at tsu


funding opportunities


research classification


centers of excellence


research symposium




tennessee state university is engaging in cutting-edge research to address critical challenges in our society. our research arm supports faculty and students by taking their ideas from conception to fruition in critical areas such as biotechnology, homeland security and agriculture, to name a few. our centers of excellence encourage collaborative and experimental learning opportunities and help expand the boundaries of science, education and technology.






athletics






varsity sports


facilities


homecoming


olympic heritage




tennessee state university athletics is part of the ohio valley conference (ovc) ncaa division ⅰ and offers football, men’s basketball, women’s basketball, track and field, golf, tennis, softball and volleyball. we provide student-athletes with a positive academic and social environment to excel on and off the field. our mission is to blend physical, emotional and intellectual development into one experience. we not only build winning-teams, but leaders in the classroom, in the community and in your profession of choice.
















future students





apply


undergraduate programs


graduate school


international students


tuition & costs


financial aid


meet your counselor


request undergraduate information


visiting tsu




tennessee state university is a world-class university known for academic excellence, incredible students, inspiring faculty, exceptional value and an amazing campus and community. we invite you to learn more about tsu and our academic programs, admissions process, tuition and financial aid, campus visits, student housing and more.





current students





academic calendar


access systems


bookstores


career center


tuition & costs


financial aid


course program of study


course catalog


library


records


register for classes


student services


tech help desk




tennessee state university is dedicated to helping students develop the skills needed for the real world. our vibrant campus life, leadership opportunities, rigorous academic programs, access to scholarships and student services are just a few of the student services we offer. we are preparing career-ready professionals today for knowledge-based jobs tomorrow. the tiger legacy continues with you.





parents & families





about tsu


academic calendar


bookstore


degree programs


resources


visit the university




tsu loves parents! and we encourage you to stay involved with your tennessee state university student. we strive to make the transition to college and beyond flow as smoothly as possible for everyone. we'll keep you up-to-date on campus happenings through a monthly enewsletter, a helpful parent guide and through many other programs and events. we're here to help you and your student make the most out of your tsu experience.





alumni





alumni events


alumni news


class reunions


homecoming


notable alumni


vintagers




at tennessee state university, our blood runs blue! we enjoy connecting, socializing and sharing news about the great things our alumni are doing across the globe. from our annual homecoming celebration to donor events and volunteer activities, tsu alumni always find time to celebrate what it means to be a big blue tiger. we welcome you back to campus anytime to rekindle your most memorable experiences.





visitors





about tsu


campus maps


visit tsu




welcome to tennessee state university, located in the heart of nashville, one of the nation's most progressive cities! whether you are here for your first visit, planning a campus tour or returning after many years away, tsu welcomes you to enjoy our facilities, hospitality and our unique history and contributions.





faculty & staff





calendars


departments


share your news


systems access


tech help desk


webmail




tennessee state university is proud to have 1,200 distinguished administrators, faculty and staff members as part of our team. with outstanding reputations for teaching, research and service, these professionals make valuable contributions to our community of scholars and ensure that tsu is a thriving public institution of higher learning. 
































forever connected: alumni reunion









the office of alumni relations is thrilled to announce its inagural reunion weekend. mark you calendars and get ready to relive the good times and make new memories! 



 

learn more.


















career dreams!









meet noah pennington, a senior majoring in human performance and sports science at tsu! he's taking a giant leap toward his career dream with a recent internshhip at the nfl's tennessee titans! 



 

read more.


















spring preview day









uncover your true potential and become a tsu tiger – secure your spot at spring preview day now! we can’t wait to welcome you to the land of golden sunshine.



 

read more 














timelycare partnership



tsu announces a groundbreaking initiative designed to enhance the overall health and well-being of students by providing access to medical and mental health resources 24/7—all at no cost. 

 

learn more.














 



after making history as the first graduating class of the tsu dr. levi watkins, jr., institute accelerated medical and dental program, 14 students will now start their new journey to medical and dental school.

 

read more.













 

the tennessee state university family celebrated surpassing the $100 million mark for research awards! the $100,031,082 million in funding is second among the nation's hbcus and will be used to conduct research benefiting tsu students, tennessee families, and the nation.
 

 read more.













global center for smart technology innovations
tsu partners with apple to open first of its kind the global center for smart technology innovations. 

learn more











 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

























current news









upcoming events





feb 
17

student study week




feb
24


mid-term examination week





mar
3-8

spring break




mar
28

honors convocation


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
					




calendar of events










						tsu excellence







//








tsu by the numbers




16:1


undergraduate student/faculty ratio




83


majors in undergraduate and graduate colleges




500


beautiful main campus acres near the cumberland river













































useful links



about tsu


campus safety


events management


mission & leadership


student achievement


student incident form

 

calendars


contact us


directions


work @ tsu







social media






























 
 










3500 john a. merritt boulevard

							nashville, tn 37209
tel: (615) 963-5000








carnegie "high research" university (r2)


certified "vets campus" | military friendly




non-discrimination | accreditation



























				
				
				© 2014 tennessee state university. all rights reserved. policies | last modified 2/11/25









