



game room gear































thursday, april 19, 2007



	 
	 crazy pool trick shot with dominoes
	 
    






posted by chris holmes at 10:05 pm
0 comments






wednesday, september 13, 2006



	 
	 masters of ping pong
	 
    


we've already seen some amazing foosball trick shots. we've even seen some cool pool trick shots. but we never expected to see ping pong trick shots. check out this match between two masters of ping pong. 



posted by chris holmes at 9:44 pm
0 comments






tuesday, september 12, 2006



	 
	 matrix ping pong
	 
    


these guys do a funny "matrix version" of ping pong. 



posted by chris holmes at 5:22 pm
1 comments






wednesday, june 21, 2006



	 
	 poker table build video
	 
    


the guys over at poker table build have put together a cool website describing how to build a poker table. they have some very detailed step by step instructions along with a list of materials and costs. check out this video they made of the process. 



posted by chris holmes at 5:38 pm
0 comments






thursday, june 08, 2006




 we here at game room gear experienced a small of excitement this week when one of our posts was linked on gizmodo. this is probably the blogging equivalent of flopping a set in poker. you get excited when it happens, and you can rake in a slightly larger than normal pot. you can see from this image that game room gear experienced a brief boost to its visitor traffic. it was much appreciated. for those who don't know, gizmodo is one of the most popular and successful blogs in the blogoshpere. they cover all sorts of nifty gadgets. on average, gizmodo recieves over 420,000 visitors a day. we were very glad to briefly welcome a tiny fraction of those visitors to our humble website.



posted by chris holmes at 9:26 pm
0 comments






monday, june 05, 2006



	 
	 artistic pool trick shots
	 
    


this is a video of some amazing trick shots on a pool table. this guy does some awesome and extremely creative tricks. he puts an incredible amount of english on the cue ball. for one shot he looks away from the table and right into the camera. get a good look at his face. if he ever offers to play you for money, just say no.  technorati tags: billiards, trick shot, pool



posted by chris holmes at 10:24 pm
0 comments






friday, june 02, 2006



	 
	 the ultimate dealer button
	 
    


i don't know about your poker game, but in mine, we can never keep track of when the blinds go up. when the blinds do go up, we always have a "discussion" about what they are supposed to be. sound familiar? here is a good way to bring some order to your home poker game. the ultimate dealer button is a similar concept to the db dealer button. like the db dealer button, the ultimate dealer button has a built in digital timer. but the ultimate dealer button goes a step further. in addition to keeping track of how much time is left in each round, it keeps track of the sizes of the blinds and antes for you. no more arguing about how much they should be. we need one of these in our poker game! it is 3" in diameter so it will fit in your poker chip case. it looks pretty sweet and sure beats the heck out of the cheap plastic dealer button i'm using now.you can pick one up for $29.95 @ www.ultimatedealerbutton.com



posted by chris holmes at 11:47 am
0 comments













categories

arcade
bar
billiards
foosball
poker

game room gear

most recent post
subscribe to game room gear 
submit a photo of your game room
send us news tips

previous posts

crazy pool trick shot with dominoes
masters of ping pong
matrix ping pong
poker table build video
 we here at game room gear experienced a small of ...
artistic pool trick shots
the ultimate dealer button
win the ultimate home guinness bar
tornado foosball table video
the man cave

archives

april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
september 2006
april 2007

links

b&v poker tables
scott's poker table and forums
billiard pulse
quesokid
jump rope videos






































