







al copeland concepts | new orleans, louisiana








































































 









		skip to content









restaurant positionsconcepts 






 







join the krewemenu toggle

copelandsmenu toggle

clearview covington harvey slidell kenner shreveport 
 cheesecake bistro nolé special events venue and mirepoix event catering al copeland investments diversified foods & seasoning comfort inn & suites at copeland tower best western plus – french quarter courtyard hotel st. charles coach house – garden district
 





 







 







main menu

 












join the krewemenu toggle

copelandsmenu toggle

clearview covington harvey slidell kenner shreveport 
 cheesecake bistro nolé special events venue and mirepoix event catering al copeland investments diversified foods & seasoning comfort inn & suites at copeland tower best western plus – french quarter courtyard hotel st. charles coach house – garden district
 






restaurant positionsconcepts 












welcome 



we are creators and operators of a best-in-class multi-concept restaurant company and franchise group. 















 



















our story 



since 1983 











we are committed to the highest standards in all we do, our business is to serve our guests — in the heritage and spirit of southern hospitality — the best new orleans inspired cuisine.   



									we offer a fun, innovative and rewarding environment that attracts world-class talent.  we boldly create and consistently execute our restaurant company practices to produce maximum profitability for shareholders.								






core values


























join our family 



krewe culture 



the copeland’s culture is the basis to our success and truly encompasses all we do on a daily basis. we achieve our culture by living, breathing and exemplifying our mission statement, core values, support center principles, and operating philosophy & principles and/or responsibilities in everything we do, with every guest we serve, and with every krewe member we hire. 






















our concepts 



















													restaurants												









													hotels												









													food manufacturing												









													foundation												

















restaurantshotelsfood manufacturingfoundation 















what employees say 



testimonials 




 5/5 



















						i started working for copeland’s as a hostess in 2009. i had no idea i was going to be surrounded by so many inspiring people. i have been provided with many opportunities for professional and personal development that led me to my position as training facilitator. i am proud to work for a company that values their employees and continues to provide guidance and motivation for further growth. 					


michelle flicktraining facilitator, al copeland investments 






						i, like so many others, have worked for a multitude of companies in the hospitality industry over the years. i have been with copeland’s for over a decade now. it has been wonderful to work for a company that not only has a strong and well-balanced set of values, but also uses them to guide how they run the business. from my first day on the job bussing tables and serving, to my time spent as a bartender, i always felt valued by the people i worked for. after a few years, i was presented with a chance to move into management and found that not only was i valued as an individual but that i would also receive the guidance and knowledge to gain confidence and grow in my role. i was later given the opportunity to move into my current role as a general manager and i am amazed at how much support i have and how much desire the company has for me and the other people in my building to not only succeed, but to grow both personally and professionally. copeland’s provided an environment where what started out as just another restaurant job has turned into an enjoyable and rewarding career with a company that i am proud to work for. a company that promotes growth and development. a company that is proud to serve.					


michael berrygeneral manager, copeland's of new orleans – covington 






						it seems like just yesterday i was begging for a job as a hostess at cno 5 in slidell (because it was the “coolest” place to work)….it was the mid 80’s and both our hair and our dreams were big.  i moved through various positions in the restaurant and then into a career at the corporate office working in the training department.   during this time – big al pushed us hard.  he wanted only the best of the best – for the company and for each of us personally.  during this time, not only did i gain knowledge and experience that would prove to be invaluable in my life, but i also made relationships (both personal and business) that would last a lifetime.  i moved on to do my own thing for about 20 years (opening my own bbq restaurants) and then after i sold that business, i decided i still wanted to work a little. so imagine my delight when one of those relationships that i made so many years ago reached out to say there was a job at the corporate office that might interest me.  i took that job almost 5 years ago and here i am – things have changed since the 80’s but it feels good and it feels right – just like coming home.					


mindy weberpayroll processor, al copeland investments 






						how i came to work for the copeland family was a bit unique. i was hired as a hostess in 1985, and that was the beginning of my lifelong career with my work family. within four years of working in the restaurant i became a certified trainer, learned all stations, both foh and hoh, and did my first restaurant opening as a trainer. i had just started working as a manager when i was promoted to the corporate office as foh training coordinator, soon after i moved to the hoh and eventually became director of training. the company was growing fast so i had the opportunity to be part of countless restaurant openings.  the experiences and knowledge that i gained from working directly with big al and the executive chef, george rhode, are invaluable. as my life changed, becoming a mom of three, i was offered the opportunity to move into roles that worked best for myself and the company.  now 36 years later, i am the director of employee development & benefits for aci and i would not change one thing about my career path. the experiences and relationships i have had along the way have greatly contributed to the person i am today. i love this company and truly consider the people i work with as part of my family.					


susie castrodirector of employee development & benefits, al copeland investments 






						never did i think that my first job out of high school would lead to my lifelong passion.   with the many changes my life took: college, marriage and starting a family my career needs changed too. copeland’s was able to accommodate my changing world. that’s a winning combination!					


staci manning-perezbrand manager, copeland’s of new orleans  






						what started out as a part time job as a server for the copelands restaurant in slidell to take care of my family while i was going to school turned into a 30+ year career.  i’m now the accounts payable supervisor at our corporate office. over the years, i’ve met so many people and made “life long friends” working at copelands.					


sheila  jacksonaccounts payable supervisor, al copeland investments 






						it was 1983, i was working as a cashier at a little place called, mrs. wheat’s meat pies and curly fries, when one of the supervisors came in with plans for a new restaurant concept that he was assisting al copeland sr with, copeland’s of new orleans. not long after, in november the new restaurant opened and i was offered the opportunity to work there as a hostess and server. once, the second location opened on veterans, i was transferred and soon became the unit controller. as the company grew so did my career, i transferred as uc to copeland’s on st. charles and then was promoted to the accounting department at the corporate office. the company invested in my education and my career path led me to become the chief financial officer over all of aci’s companies. the 37 years i have spent with this company have brought me so many lifelong friends, knowledge and experiences.					


shari albrechtchief financial officer, al copeland investments 






						i started with aci at cheesecake bistro, learning our brand and our management operations. i was able to move around to different locations, learning from different teams, as well as developing within our other brands in order to join the training department. i was blessed to have leaders around me gracious enough to give time and energy helping me develop, and eventually take over the training department.  since then we have streamlined new hire training, mit, and operations systems. the best part is, i get to be a part of developing others through train the trainer classes, krewe development programs, restaurant openings, and manager training. i have seen some very impressive leaders grow their careers with us, and have loved my opportunities to work with all of them.					


keegan cornwelldirector of training and development, al copeland investments 






						in september of 2008 i joined copelands's restaurants. 
i started at cheesecake bistro as a unit controller, and part time foh manager.
now i am part of the accounting department as a general ledger accountant. i enjoy working for a company that truly values their employees.					


jennifer avoliogeneral ledger admin 





 

 













 








 















 







2601 severn ave. | 17th floor| metairie, la 70002504-830-1000 











									copyright © 2025								



									al copeland concepts.								



									all rights reserved.								








restaurant positions
concepts
 

restaurant positions
concepts
 














scroll to top























































