




  


the apprehensive patient | dentist in union and clifton, nj 





























the apprehensive patient



 


call or text

union: call or text
clifton: call or text









about usmeet the doctorsmeet the teamwhat sets us apartnew patientsoffice visitstestimonialspatient formspayment planspayment plansinsurances acceptedcouponsgeneral dentistrygum diseaseextractionsfillingsroot canalswisdom teethpreventive careemergency dental carecosmeticbondingbridgescrownsimplantsdenturesoral and maxillofacial surgeryenhance your smilecosmetic dentistryteeth whiteningorthodonticsveneerscosmetic dentistry faqsvenus® whiteningphilips zoom!arestin®periodonticsperiodontal treatmentsperiodontal faqsscaling and root planinggum recession & tissue graftingendodontic treatmentbone graftscrown lengtheningosseous surgeryinvisalign®invisalign® infoinvisalign® for teensinvisalign® costsinvisalign® faqsinvisalign® testimonialsinvisalign® videosinvisalign® for adultscontact usapprehensive patient of unionapprehensive patient of clifton








 


welcome







meet our doctors








patient forms








our smile locations






we're so glad you're here
bring out the best in your smile!
the goal of the apprehensive patient is to create an environment for those of all ages who feel apprehensive about going to the dentist, which will enable them to receive dental treatment in a relaxed and comfortable atmosphere. this is accomplished through a combination of compassionate doctors and staff, and state-of-the-art technology.
our ultimate goal is to create an experience in which patients no longer avoid dental treatment due to anxiety or fear. a lifetime of ideal oral health and beautiful smiles can easily be attained through orthodontics or preventive dentistry, as well as general and cosmetic dentistry, including: implants, oral surgery, teeth whitening, endodontic treatment, periodontal treatments, and invisalign® clear aligners.
please feel free to contact the apprehensive patient at our union dental office or clifton dental office. we look forward to meeting you!


















family dentistry
children, teens, and adults all deserve the care and personalized attention the apprehensive patient is known for.
learn more



periodontal care
maintaining gum health is essential to preventing tooth loss and keeping your smile healthy.
learn more



orthodontic treatments
the straight smile you’ve always wanted is within reach with traditional braces or invisalign®.
learn more



dental implants
restore the function of your teeth and aesthetics of your smile with natural-looking dental implants.
learn more



cosmetic dentistry
eliminate chips, stains, and irregular spacing through advanced cosmetic dental solutions.
learn more






explore our smile financing
we strive to make good oral health an affordable option for everyone, regardless of budgetary restrictions or insurance availability. talk to a member of our team about creating a financial plan that will work for your smile and your wallet!
find out more














union


459 chestnut stunion, nj 07083

(908) 686-5868



clifton


629 clifton aveclifton, nj 07011

(973) 777-7364










website powered by sesame 24-7™

|
site map
|
back to top















