







dental career services | best staffing & recruitment agency usa


























































































 









skip to content










 













about us
what we do
why work with us
dental lab
dental clinical
testimonials
search jobs
 

 

about us
what we do
why work with us
dental lab
dental clinical
testimonials
search jobs
 























get hired











972-746-6206 










find talent



































first-class permanent dental placement services from the leader in dental lab & clinical recruiting since 1998 



dcs delivers results. our dental recruitment agency source hard-to-find candidates and match them with the finest dental facilities across north america. 






contact us










what we do




































about us 



since 1998 dental career services has been a leading permanent placement specialist focused on dental laboratory and clinical dental recruiting 







if you are a dental professional looking for outstanding dental jobs, we can connect you with exceptional dental practices. we have established strong ties to a variety of dental practices, including small boutique, single restorative, multi-doctor, and luxury cosmetic practices. as the best and reliable dental recruiter, we deliver the first-class dental employment services you would expect from the leader in the dental industry, and you can have confidence that our team will produce the results you need.whether you need to hire one employee or a team of hundreds, experts at our dental recruitment agency can identify, interview, screen, and present the very best candidates for your consideration, experienced, industry-leading recruiting when you need it. 















 



barry mills 



president 






 




							barry@dentalcareerservices.com						











 



ashley mills 



partner 






 




							ashley@dentalcareerservices.com						



















 



rosa carone 



senior lab recruiter 






 




							rosa@dentalcareerservices.com						











 



alyssa smith, bsdh, rdh 



clinical recruiteradministrative assistant 






 




							alyssa@dentalcareerservices.com						











 



norma rovira 



clinical recruiter 






 




							norma@dentalcareerservices.com						















 



andrea hardter 



clinical and lab recruiter 






 




							andrea@dentalcareerservices.com						











 



brock mills 



clinical recruiter 






 




							brock@dentalcareerservices.com						











 



ben james 



clinical recruiter 






 




							ben@dentalcareerservices.com						















 



jen wiltbank 



non- clinical recruiter 






 




							jen@dentalcareerservices.com						











 



meghan seliquini 



clinical recruiter 






 




							mseliquini@dentalcareerservices.com						











 



jaden mazzola 



clinical recruiter 






 




							jaden@dentalcareerservices.com						




































what we do 



from certified dental techs to registered dental hygienists dcs has you covered. we have specialized, individualized recruiters dedicated to specific lab and clinical searches 

















 


								dental lab recruiting							







							dental lab recruiting						



							read more						












































 


								dental clinical recruiting							







							dental clinical recruiting						



							read more						





































why use dental career services 

















                                     


								proven professionals							

								work with responsive and professional dentist recruiters with extensive industry knowledge and connections.							







							proven professionals						



							our team						


















 


								vetted talent							

								fully vetted candidates that fit your culture and criteria. immediate access to us should you have questions or need additional support. we don’t simply push resumes to your inbox.							







							vetted talent						

							we guarantee a professional and competent response when we deliver our purpose						

							find talent						


















 


								dcs has access to exclusive jobs that are not posted anywhere else							

								as a reliable dental recruiter, we find suitable candidates no matter how specialized your need.							







							dcs has access to exclusive jobs that are not posted anywhere else						



							get hired						






































dental lab jobs recruitment services 



dental career services was founded in 1998 to help dental lab professionals improve their careers, and for best in class dental laboratory owners to find quality talent quickly and efficiently. since we started dcs in 1998, our dental recruitment agency has filled thousands of dental lab positions across north america.dcs is able to deliver the quality candidates you need, resulting in a higher return on investment. dental career services recruiters are specialists in the dental lab industry who have deep connections in the space.for over 20 years, dental labs across north america have trusted dental career services for their dental lab recruitment needs. why? because we offer the highest standard of dental lab jobs service, maintain uncompromising professionalism, and dedicate our time to getting to know the needs of both our clients and candidates. 



















dental lab positions that we recruit for: 














 
cad cam digital dental technologist



 
ceramist



 
chair-side case planning specialist



 
chrome framework design



 
cosmetic ceramist specialist



 
crown and bridge technician



 
dds associate



 
dental sales manager



 
dental technician













 
dental tech



 
dental technologist



 
dentures technologist



 
denture tech



 
denturist



 
general manager dental lab



 
implant tech



 
implant / ceramist specialist



 
implant / over / denture specialist













 
lvi ceramist technician



 
mdt master dental technician



 
metal tech



 
model tech



 
ortho tech



 
ptc trained professional technician



 
partial tech



 
partial / dentures tech 



 
registered dental tech




































dental clinic recruitment services 



dental career services has a proven track record of sourcing & matching dentists, dental office managers and hygienists, and specialists with top-tier dental offices across north america. as a dental staffing agency, we bring a dedicated dental clinic recruitment team with deep experience serving local and regional dental groups, solo practices, and non-profit clinics.   we work with the largest pool of candidates and the most qualified professionals in the dental industry. our valued clients trust dental career services because we take the time to know their specific needs and recruiting challenges, then tailor recruiting solutions designed to resolve talent shortages.our knowledgeable dentist recruiters will respond quickly with recruiting solutions by matching highly qualified dental clinicians into the positions you need to fill. 



















dental clinical positions that we recruit for: 














 
registered dental hygienists



 
dental assistants & efdas



 
dentists



 
endodontists



 
orthodontists













 
periodontists



 
pediatric dentists



 
prosthodontists



 
dental receptionists & front office staff













 
dental directors



 
dental office managers



 
oral / maxillofacial surgeons



 
dental coordinators & administrative specialists






















latest articles 














				a day in the life of a dental assistant			


with an increasing number of people facing dental problems, the demand for dental professionals has constantly been rising. one of the most popular dental positions










				difference between periodontist and endodontist			


two of the most common dentistry professionals are periodontists and endodontists. however, there seems to be a lot of confusion surrounding them. your regular dentist










				what is a prosthodontist?			


dentistry is a vast field with many career options, such as prosthodontist, endodontist, and pediatric dentist. talking about prosthodontists, they are one of the most










				4 tips to get through dental hygiene school			


becoming a dental hygienist demands a lot of effort and time. moreover, dental hygiene school can be very challenging as it requires utmost dedication. however,










				advantages of being a dental hygienist			


the dental industry has several job roles to offer, dental hygienist, being one of them. if you are thinking of becoming a dental hygienist, you










				what factors influence a dental assistant salary?			


you may aspire to become a dental assistant because of the promising career it offers. it is an emerging profession with multiple growth opportunities. however,










				8 skills that make a good dental assistant			


you can choose from several dentistry career options, and a dental assistant is one of them. dental assistants work closely with dentists and dental hygienists










				6 reasons pediatric dentists love what they do			


the medical field, especially the dentistry industry, is very reliable and holds some great career options. you can become a dental assistant, orthodontist, or pediatrician.










				how to become a dental hygienist: a step-by-step guide			


the dental hygienist profession has been on the rise in recent years as it provides a career path into the dental career field. if you










				6 qualities to look for in a dentistry recruiter			


an efficient staff is a key to the success of any organization. therefore, you must hire top talent for your clinic or hospital. however, hiring










				8 tips for safely visiting the dentist during covid-19			


the global pandemic has impacted every aspect of our lives. from stores to malls and concerts to schools, safety precautions have been implemented in most










				10 useful tips to find the perfect dental job			


looking for employment in dentistry can be a challenging task. however, with the right approach, it can be made significantly simpler. you must research job










				why it’s great to work in a dental lab			


a dental lab is a scientific laboratory where lab technicians use dental impressions of patients’ teeth to create a wide range of dental devices. these










				what does a dental office manager do?			


the nature of a dental office is very fast-paced. therefore, the individuals working at a dental office also need to be very fast-paced, proactive, and










				different types of dental clinical jobs			


there is a lot of hard work that goes into running a successful dental clinic. other than dentists themselves, there are a number of individuals










				the 7 highest paying dental jobs			


getting into the dental world, you can hold significant positions depending upon your educational background and specialization. you can acquire the highest paying jobs with










				types of careers in dentistry			


to be a part of the dentistry industry may be a dream of yours. however, you do not have to necessarily be a dentist to










				9 reasons dentistry is a reliable career choice			


the medical field holds some great career options. be it financial security or consistent learning opportunities, the prospects of becoming successful are high. moreover, choosing










				9 qualities of a good dentist			


no one should ever disregard their oral health. such carelessness can adversely affect an individual’s well-being. it not only deteriorates dental health but also is


























get in touch with us
 










 


								email							




								mobile							




								message							
 

 



send message













we respond within 24 hours 



we answer all email and requests as they come in. if you have an urgent matter regarding our dental employment services or would like to place an order, please click the link below to give us a call. 





 





972-746-6206 
































testimonials 



curious about what people say about us & our services? 














						it was a pleasure to work with rosa carone! she was really professional and did all effort to make possible match my expectations with the company expectations. i received constantly updates and feedbacks. all the time the communication was clear, and she was available for conversation as my needed. she also has good skills for negotiation! i'm pretty sure you will be in good hands at dental career services! i appreciate it, thank you!					
fernando a. 








						rosa sets the standard for recruiters. she is highly communicative and responsive, understands the business, and even, it seems, anticipates our needs. she has found us a number of top notch candidates over the years and is our go to when we have hard to fill roles. i highly recommend!					
marisa g. 








						i lost my associate of five years and i was unable to find a qualified replacement for her on my own.  my dental supply company recommended to contact dcs to help me find someone; i did, and andrea took the job.  and she took it by the horns.  she went through a comprehensive selection process and found me someone who exceeds my expectations, and she managed to do so in a very tough job market.  throughout the whole process, she was always available to talk to me regardless of time of the day, day of the week, vacation, family emergencies…anything.  and always with a positive attitude and a reassuring word while making a sustained effort to get the job done.  such work ethic is extremely hard to find and i’m very lucky i did.  andrea deserves my gratitude for a job perfectly done					
eduardo v. 








						rosa was great to work with. she had a position i was looking for and was able to connect me with the company right away. she stayed in contact throughout my entire interview process and made herself available for questions even after i got the job. very good service overall. i'm very excited about starting my new job and i have rosa to thank for it!					
monica r. 








						andrea has been a great resource and mentor! i am thankful for all of the support she has given me along the way!					
lauren h. 








						thank you so much!  abriana is a gem and i thoroughly enjoy working with her.  i look forward to her summaries and insight for each candidate.  she is one of my favorite recruiters to work with and i do not say that lightly.
 barry, congratulations on having a top performance on your team!					
tammy n. 








						rosa from dental career services was very helpful and informative in my employment search for a new career. her cross-communication with the companies was highly efficient and professional. she relayed messages quickly, thoroughly, and without any hesitation. she is a very valuable employee who works diligently for successful companies to hire efficient employees. i strongly recommend her excellent services. 					
jh, dds 








						andrea was fantastic from start to finish. she is personable, intelligent and knows exactly what she is doing. recruiting is tough. she took a strong interest in the attributes/skills we wanted in a candidate and what our goals were placing an oral surgeon in our practice. andrea worked quickly, efficiently and pre-screened all candidates prior to sending them to us for final review. her process is thorough and she was able to find candidates much easier than we did on our own. the candidate she recommended is exactly what we were looking for. i would highly recommend andrea and dcs. rest assured, she is going to find you the perfect fit for your business.					
jacqueline 








						fantastic experience with jen! she was professional, friendly, and went above and beyond to help me. she was amazing and i am so happy she helped me find my career!					
morgan b. 






 

 
















about us
what we do
why work with us
dental lab
dental clinical
testimonials
search jobs
 

 

about us
what we do
why work with us
dental lab
dental clinical
testimonials
search jobs
 















about company 



dental career services has a 20+ year track record of sourcing and matching world-class dental professionals with top-rated dental labs & dental offices across north america. we pride ourselves on creative solutions and successful results for your employment and staffing challenges. 







company 






dental clinical




dental lab











stay connected 







 






 






 
















 







seo by weblify & webtec
 










facebook-f
 



twitter
 



linkedin-in
 




















































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.i agree



