






iuoe local 825 – international union of operating engineers local 825

























































skip to content














  


   


 member login







home
about

our history & achievments
our executive board members
our mission
faqs, testimonials


members

reimbursements
scholarship program
past scholarship winners
local 825 member assistance program


training

training facilities
apprenticeship


contractors
public affairs

legislative & political advocacy
elec labor management fund
community relations


news/events

scholarship news
news releases & press kit
newsletters
local 825 advertising


contact

join
helpful links























building monuments to the future 
							 


throughout nj and 5 counties of ny 
							 


our members 
							brave the elements to build and maintain vital infrastructure 
							 


training and experience 
							we provide the best value for union contractors 
							 


moving mountains 
							our members work together 
							to build better communities 
							 















better building begins here
local 825 operating engineers are highly trained and experienced heavy equipment operators, mechanics, and surveyors who offer unsurpassed productivity to contractors throughout new jersey and five counties in new york’s hudson valley.
our 8,200 members are part of the international union of operating engineers, comprising a workforce of more than 400,000 throughout the united states and canada.
with our training, experience and drive, we build value for our contractors. we do the job right the first time, on time and on budget. in exchange, we ensure that our members are treated fairly and viewed as part of the team.




mission statement
the international union of operating engineers (iuoe) local 825’s mission is to equip its members with the educational resources for developing the skills of their apprentices and journeypersons. it is to recruit a diverse membership and operate under a strategic plan to create an inclusive environment. by facilitating the training needs of our members, we maximize their employability and prepare them for changes in the industry. the department goal allows members to acquire new skills and remain competitive in the industry, while remaining fiscally responsible to the beneficiaries of the fund.




local 825 news




2025 monmouth & ocean county central labor council memorial scholarshipfrom our brothers and sisters at the monmouth & ocean county central labor council. applicants must attend (or plan to attend) …
read morehealth fair at jan 13 semiannual meetingfor the first time, local 825 is hosting a health fair ahead of the semiannual meeting. join us on january 13 …
read morenotification of application to operating engineers local 825 ny apprenticeship programthirty (30) applications will be available for the operating engineers local 825 ny apprenticeship program class that will begin spring of ...read more




click here for more news.





preparing for a new tomorrow
recognizing the rapid changes in the workforce and technology, local 825 marked a historic transition of its training center toward becoming a technical college with the signing of an agreement with hudson county community college (hccc) in november 2021.
over one hundred-years of operation, local 825 operating engineers have successfully transitioned through changes in technology to preserve their mastery of heavy equipment.  future operators will need to master heavy equipment and also understand and work with the technology behind it.
this agreement combines technical education with apprenticeship training. it will help maintain our expertise and preserve it for the generations who follow.




search

search for:














covid-19 update


november 20, 2020
local 825 has earned the healthy and safe workplace certification from the nj business and industry association following the successful completion of an njbia training course. it teaches

how to develop a step-by-step healthy workplace environment guide
the best cleaning and disinfection procedures
on-site health screening procedures
personal protective equipment (ppe) requirements
social distancing strategies
protocols for isolating employees who become ill at work

the course adheres to the standards and regulations set by osha, the center for disease control & prevention (cdc) and the world health organization (who) to make sure all employees function in a healthy work environment.




september 25, 2020
it’s easy to obtain a flu shot, at your physician’s office by using your horizon card or at many major pharmacies by using your optumrx card.
flu shots are also available in the pharmacy department of many supermarkets, so on your next trip for milk, eggs, and bread, you might want to step up to the pharmacy counter to inquire.
it’s not too early to get your flu shot! stay safe! stay healthy!
learn more: it’s more important than ever to get a flu shot
july 20, 2020
announcement regarding the local 825 district 1 and 4 health fairs
dear members:
as always, the health and safety of our members, employees and colleagues is our top priority. therefore, we are implementing processes to address safety, health and wellness concerns overall. as such, we must consider the manner in which business is conducted for our organization.
we regret to inform you that the september 23rd and october 14th health fairs will be cancelled. we hope to reschedule these events later in the year and will keep our members up to date with the most current information. you may also check for updates on our website www.825funds.org.
if you have any questions or concerns, please contact the funds office at 973-671-6800.
sincerely,
welfare fund
local 825 welfare fund
april 7, 2020
the local 825 health fairs that had been scheduled for may 13 and june 10 have been canceled. efforts will be made to reschedule them in the coming months. we will advise of any updates as plans are made.
april 6, 2020
local 825 establishes a covid-19 response unit and hotline. click here for details and updates.
april 3, 2020
another extension has been added to the deadline to apply for a local 825 scholarship. applications may be submitted now up to april 17. click here for more information.
march 17, 2020
over the past two weeks we have taken a variety of steps to help ensure the health and safety of our members.
all district meetings through the month of april have been canceled. check back on this page periodically for updates.
office visits from members and non-essential guests will be suspended into local 825 main office in springfield, all satellite offices and training centers. to ensure our members’ needs are addressed, we will operate as follows:
s.u.b.
drop off applications and pick up of checks are suspended. applications may be filed online, mailed to the sub department at 65 springfield ave, springfield, nj 07081 or placed in a secure box located on the first-floor lobby at 65 springfield ave., springfield nj 07081
pension and annuities
mail applications and other written communications to the pension/profit sharing department at 65 springfield ave, springfield, nj 07081 or place them in the secure lock box in the lobby.
eligibility
mail payments and other written communications to the eligibility department at 65 springfield ave, springfield, nj 07081 or place in the secure lock box in the lobby.
welfare
claim forms may be mailed to the claims department at 65 springfield ave, springfield, nj 07081 or placed in the secure lock box in the lobby.
training centers
training centers will cancel all classes and training initially through friday march 27. a decision will be made by then whether to open or continue the cancelation. watch here for updates.
dues
please pay dues on-line at www.iuoe825.org or call 973-671-6918 or 6917 for assistance.
dispatch
please call 973-671-6900 for assistance.
business agents
in-person visits at the union halls are suspended. please call 973-671-6900 for assistance.
in addition, all official funds and union hall business correspondence may be placed in the locked drop box in the lobby of 65 springfield ave. springfield, nj. if you haven’t already accessed the local 825 app, do so now and consult it regularly for news and announcements.
these unprecedented steps have been reached after consultation with our own staff of nurses and other health care professionals. we take these actions to protect our members, visitors and office personnel. thank you for your patience and understanding as we continue to navigate these challenging circumstances. we encourage you to take all health precautions to protect yourself and your families.
in the meantime, please practice the basic rules of hygiene and prevention that can be found on the centers for disease control (cdc) website: www.cdc.gov.
march 11, 2020
8th annual golf outing is rescheduled for saturday, september 19th, 2020












 






follow us   






local 825 local 825 has more than 7,200 members throughout the state of new jersey and the lower counties of new york state. our members operate heavy equipment such as cranes, bulldozers, front-end loaders, backhoes and graders.





65 springfield avenue
3rd floor
		springfield nj 07081
	



973.671.6900



info825@iuoe825.org



fax: 973.921.2918






 

training
new jersey training center
338 deans rhode hall road
dayton nj 08810
(732) 798-2170
(732) 798-2175 fax
new york training center
96 bates/gates road
new hampton ny 10958
(845) 673-3154
(845) 674-9020 (hall) 

local 825 funds office
hours: 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
65 springfield avenue
2nd floor
springfield, nj 07081
(973) 671 – 6800
funds office website 



elec
 







						© 2020. all rights reserved. website developed by avow communications.					

about us
contact
privacy policy
 











manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent


 

































