






sun-ni cheese | armenian string cheese | wayne pa














































































skip to content






 wayne, pa

 610.544.9012 
call
 888.496.2748 
toll free
 email















homeaboutproductsretailers & distributorsrecipescontactshop now


































put a new twist  in your life 




					by using the highest quality pasteurized whole cow’s milk, we produce the best armenian string cheese on this side of the atlantic.					







shop our cheeses















 







what we offer  




					our fresh curd cheese is cooked, stretched, hand braided, and packaged in state of the art air-tight shrink bags to guarantee quality and shelf life.					







view our products




















armenian string cheese 





marinated string cheese 





smoked string cheese 





chopped italian cheese 





syrian cheese 





hummus varieties 




previous



next


























 

















 




making armenian string cheese a family tradition for over 70 years. 















making armenian string cheese a family tradition for over 70 years. 




					when kosrof derohanessian immigrated to this country in 1925 from armenia, he didn’t have much more than the clothes on his back. with much determination and support from his family, he transformed the tradition of manufacturing exceptional all natural armenian string cheese in america. top skills and dedication to premium quality, and outstanding customer service, have all proved that a small family could become a nationally renowned cheese manufacturer. 					







learn more

































						i grew up eating your string cheese in cheltenham, pa (montgomery county). my mother served it with green grapes at all her parties. now i live in delco and just realized you were a local company. i am thrilled! i will serve this at my own family parties now. 					


anne w. 






						my grandfather used to eat this cheese in the 80s, back when it was impossible to find. i remember it as part of my childhood. i recently found your cheese again (thank you whole foods!) and wanted to share a video of my 9 month old, skye, absolutely devouring your cheese. clearly, your cheese is a family affair.					


julia 






						your hummus is the best and my kids have me bring some every time i visit them. i never thought i’d eat hummus, until i had yours. and my daughter-in-law was shocked when my son ate hummus at my house.yours is by far head and shoulders above any i have ever tasted!					


sharon 






						i just wanted to write and thank you for your wonderful product, i remember my dad bringing home string cheese and us sharing it together. i still love it all these years later and it's always the best tasting and the freshest string cheese out there. keep up the great work.					


jonathan g. 






						guess what arrived today?  my box of smoked strong cheese.  package #1 has already been opened and was part of my delicious autumn lunch today;  soup, apple and cheese.  yum.   i am glad you reached out to wegmans and i hope to find your cheese there in the future.thanks again for your kind and generous offer.  i will be enjoying it for weeks.   i wish you, your family and your company a good holiday season!					


penny 






						just wanted to let you know that i am simply in love with your armenian string cheese. i haven't found anything else like it---truly one of a kind product. and my husband, who generally is not much a fan of dairy products, just chowed down about half the package. do continue the greatness that is your special string cheese.					


molly b. 






						i recently tasted your original hummus and was shocked! i lived in the middle east for 8 months and the hummus was so smooth and creamy with a wonderful garlic-lemon flavor. since i’ve been home, i’ve been disappointed with the hummus name brands i’ve found in the store, as they aren’t authentic tasting. [when i tried yours,] i was very pleased! not only is the taste authentic- but the texture is just right! thank you so much for making healthy and delicious hummus.					


audrey z. 






						growing up, i made string cheese with my mom and an armenian neighbor...but lets face it....times have changed and i don't have the time. well, recently , my daughter expressed an interest in our ethnic foods and i bought some. since then i have been getting one a week just for me! they are delicious! moist, tasty! just like what we used to make! thanks for making your cheese great! 					


joyce 





previous



next




































 










 sun-ni cheese 






 
po box 627, wayne, pa 19087


 
 
mwhitcomb@sunnicheese.com













get in touch 






 
610.544.9012



 
888.496.2748



 
484.367.7133












we're proud partners 







 

 



















				protected by recaptcha & the google privacy policy & terms of service apply. | 
© copyright 2025 sun-ni cheese | all rights reserved | designed & hosted by enter.net 









close menu









