

j & h paleoscience





















previously known as henry's paleo interests




john (aka: strataman) was born in palmyra, nj.
spent weekends at his grandmom's house in barnsboro, nj next to the famous marl pits of the west jersey marl company and inversand. studied microbiology at rutgers university and took a few courses in geology. at an early age his father took john hunting for fossils in nj. self-taught geology. hardcore fossil collecting in 1994 and started his interest in vertebrate ichnology in 1998.please feel free to e-mail john with questions.


if fossils present on the surface (ground level) were to be left alone they would degrade through natural processes of weathering and erosion. 
 it is only those fossils buried hundreds of feet deep in the earth that remain unharmed. 
 so fossil collecting must not be restricted because it limits the knowledge base we have. 
 with that, it should be in the interest of every professional and amateur to collect and describe the fossils they find. 
 fossils should be shared or presented to the scientific community before they are sold or kept in a private collection. 
 hence the purpose of this site is to share our information and web research on fossils. 
 we know there are a lot of beautiful specimens in the hands of amateurs like ourselves that need to be shared. 
 there's a lot we can learn from specimens that, if not for the web, could not be easily seen.

henry was born in spain and raised in ny and 
nj. received a masters in chemical engineering from steven's university, and is self-taught in paleontology. interested in fossils since the age of five thanks to his dad. and henry is passing this interest on to his son brandon. became interested in vertebrate ichnology thanks to john in 2000. major interest is in vertebrate ichnology and shark teeth from nj.please feel free to e-mail henry with questions.
please feel free to e-mail us with questions or suggestions. 
 we love a good "fossil" story.
last update: 05 feb 2015 click here to view the latest site updates



  
john's hyposaurus is covered in an article from nj.com  
click here to read the article


  
john and henry were featured in the april 2011 issue of earth magazine  
click here to read the article


major points of interests












vertebrateichnology
shark teeth fromnew jersey
fossils frommorocco
fossils fromrussia
fossils fromindiana
fossils frompennsylvania
fossils fromchina


other points of interests












fossils frommaryland
fossils fromnew york
shark teeth fromthe carolinas
weirdfossils
amber fromnew jersey
copal fromcolombia
amber fromdominican rep.


links












strataman'scorner
henry'scorner
brandon'scorner
david'scorner
mike'scorner
fossil preparation/ conservation
a few wordsabout geology


digs fossils -n- knives











every day carry& cutlery
karambit
bowies & tatical
neck knives
swords
fantasy



links to other important fossil sites


site map  the j& h paleoscience site map
new jersey track and trace museum  please visit and read about this effort
maryland geological society  the mgs is a non-profit organization dedicated to the collection, study and display of all aspects of the geological sciences.
elasmo.com  a great site regarding "the life and times of long dead sharks"
the big brook webpage  derek's webpage covering nj fossils from big brook and shark river
yale goldman's home page - nj amber  "the dead bug in amber club"
dinosaurtracks · dinosaur tracks  strataman's message board on yahoo
nepaleo · northeast paleoworld  ed's message board on yahoo
dinosaur footprints on e-bay   
megalodon teeth on e-bay   
peabody museum of natural history   
new york paleontology links page   new york paleontology - fossils of the empire state and the strata in which they are found
the paleontology portal   this site is a resource for anyone interested in paleontology, from the professional in the lab to the interested amateur scouting for fossils to the student in any classroom.




[comments or questions? - send us e-mail]


back to
top of page

visits to this page:






0 hits on 22 may 20001,000 hits on 07 nov 2000100,000 hits on 30 jul 2006





back totop of page



