







moppa


























































0








        skip to content
      



























        about
      



        membership
      



        image competition
      




                  awards, categories, and rules
                





                  competition results
                






        find a photographer
      



        events
      



        member login
      






































open menu
close menu




























        about
      



        membership
      



        image competition
      




                  awards, categories, and rules
                





                  competition results
                






        find a photographer
      



        events
      



        member login
      






































open menu
close menu
























                  about
                





                  membership
                





folder:
image competition








back





                        awards, categories, and rules
                      





                        competition results
                      







                  find a photographer
                





                  events
                





                  member login
                



















































discover professional photographers association of missouri



serving serious photographersboth professional and aspiring















dusted by angela hughes















events



we hold events throughout the year. our annual conference and image competition are typically held in the summer. please subscribe or check back for updates. we often offer discounts for early registration.














stay in focus sign up for information, inspiration, and upcoming moppa events 






subscribe
* indicates required
email address *first name *last name *phone number 





        /* real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups */
        




































little sunshine by angelica page













i need a drink by samantha dittmann struemph













golden reverie by aloha kelly













rocking the future by patty ingalls













fairy tale princess by angi landis













let's cover those up by kim lorenz













triple the fun by stephanie zettl













catch me if you can by debbie declue













redbud cardinal by dean specker













blown away by lori hahn













hay, got any bubbles? by michelle huelsman













no kens allowed by irene kinghorn













serenity by ann aurbach













turning circles by carly sullens













two beings by ludwig alberty




























slide 1
slide 1 (current slide)





slide 2
slide 2 (current slide)





slide 3
slide 3 (current slide)





slide 4
slide 4 (current slide)





slide 5
slide 5 (current slide)





slide 6
slide 6 (current slide)





slide 7
slide 7 (current slide)





slide 8
slide 8 (current slide)





slide 9
slide 9 (current slide)





slide 10
slide 10 (current slide)





slide 11
slide 11 (current slide)





slide 12
slide 12 (current slide)





slide 13
slide 13 (current slide)





slide 14
slide 14 (current slide)





slide 15
slide 15 (current slide)





















what we do



we are a community, a photography family, helping & learning, sharing & caring to better the industry, the art form, and business practices.















trinity by angelica page



get involvedjoin a thriving community of photographer's. moppa is always looking for photographer's who are committed to empower other's in the field.




    join moppa today!
  



developdevelop is the annual 3-day educational conference & image competition, hosted by the moppa. sign up today!




    tell me more…
  















***boop*** by irene kinghorn



image competitionimage competition is, by far, the most intense photographic education you can get. we welcome everyone to participate in image competition.




    image comp details
  















adored by lori probst














01



03



05




resources



educationwe offer monthly programs taught by top industry professionals, a series of workshops taught by some of missouri’s best photographers on various topics, and an annual conference with a professional image competition.



networkingmoppa offers an opportunity to network with fellow professionals to receive and give information critical to a photographic business's success in any economy. our network also provides a forum to meet new people, exchange ideas and share our common love of photography.



professional credentialsmoppa offers its members the unique opportunity to earn professional credits and merits in both the state organization and the professional photographers of america. national merits and state fellowship points can be earned through service and education.



here’s what moppa can do for you…



02



04



06



mentoringthe goal of the mentorship program is to enhance the photographic business skills of each member through small group mentoring sessions.



image competitionimage competition is by far, the most intense photographic education you can get. we welcome everyone to participate in image competition. newcomer or seasoned veteran, we all have something to offer...and something to learn.



marketingthe moppa helps market their members and puts them in touch with clients seeking professional photographers. every moppa member has a profile on our website that includes their contact info and a link to their photography website.

















© the professional photographers association of missouri 2024



privacy policy | terms and conditions























