





bed and breakfast in grassy creek north carolina mountains | country inn and restaurant | river house inn & restaurant

















  








toggle navigation





home
lodging

rooms
make a reservation
groups & meetings
pets


dining

fine dining
menu



events

upcoming events





weddings
about

history
gayle

press
reviews


to do

activities
surroundings
attractions


contact

contact info
mailing list
directions

































 
bed and breakfast in grassy creek, north carolina

river house inn & restaurant
river house is not only a north carolina bed and breakfast but a country inn that's really in the country, located in grassy creek, north carolina in the blue ridge mountains and directly on the historic new river. there's a mile of riverfront for strolling, wading, tubing, canoeing and fishing. brown trout and rainbows abound. walking trails wind through 160 acres. our neighbors include deer, rabbits, wild turkeys, a great blue heron, eagles and an occasional bear - just no mosquitoes.
most of our twelve uniquely decorated guest rooms are converted farm buildings with king-size beds, private bathrooms, jacuzzis, art, books and country antiques. 
that is reason enough to visit river house but the food is another. elegant but unpretentious, the river house restaurant is known for its great food and ambiance. only minutes from west jefferson and forty-five minutes from boone, river house is the first choice for fine dining in the ashe county high country area. the restaurant offers regional and international fine dining, an excellent wine list, and a full-service bar with all abc permits. we are open for dinner wednesday through sunday. the sunday salon features live music, hors d'oeuvres and a four-course chef's choice menu. reservations are essential.
breakfast is served in the main house daily between 8:30 and 10:00. while it is complimentary for overnight guests, many local residents choose to book for private business meetings or simple personal enjoyment.
on-site lunches or picnic fare may be pre-arranged, a pleasant adjunct when renting our kayaks or canoes. we will take you up-river so you can take your time floating back to us.
while you are here at our bed and breakfast, visit nearby sites such as new river state park, grayson highlands and mt. jefferson. drive the scenic blue ridge parkway. bike the popular creeper trail. ride horseback at burnt hill stables. play golf at mountain aire golf course. just two miles down the road is landmark alpaca farm and it's only seven to phipps store for incredible friday night "pickin" (that's music, not pig.). shop for cheese, antiques, art and pottery in west jefferson as well as in the river house gallery or dairy barn.
but... one of the most popular things to do is absolutely nothing. relax in rocking chairs on the front porch or in chaises under the big sycamore tree overlooking the river. all rooms have wi-fi. our buildings date back to the 1870's, thus we are only partially ada accessible.
river house is ideal for a romantic stay. and, of course, you can get married here! call us at 336.982-2109.
gayle winston, innkeeper
 











 homeroomsreservationsfine diningmenueventscontact
 weddingsretreatshistorygaylesurroundingspress
 reviewsactivitiesattractionsdirectionspetsmailing list 






river house inn & restaurant
			1896 old field creek rd.
			grassy creek, nc 28631
			p: 336.982.2109








 











