


 






trex® outdoor furniture™ | stylish, comfortable, durable outdoor furnishings



















 



















 



    the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.
for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.




















        skip to content    



(877) 907-trex (8739)
customer service

free delivery in the contiguous us!

showrooms
check order status 
my account


toggle nav






my cart






















searchsearch











search



x









                        menu                    




collections  browse all collectionsyacht clubyacht club collection
keep your seaside or poolside style on point with the exclusive yacht club collection from trex® outdoor furniture™. designed with clean, straight lines and topped with a unique headboard, the yacht club collection offers unparalleled class and waterfront style.

furniture types
adirondack chairs, rocking chairs, dining chairs, dining tables, benches & swings, chaise lounges, ottomans, and tables
cape codcape cod collection
with the cape cod collection, trex® outdoor furniture™ brings a bit of that new england flair to you. the classic east coast feel of the pieces allows our cape cod collection to provide a bit of relaxation, transporting you to a simpler place and a simpler time.

furniture types
adirondack chairs, rocking chairs, dining chairs, benches & gliders, ottomans, and tables
monterey baymonterey bay collection
create an effortless outdoor escape with the trex® outdoor furniture™ monterey bay collection. inspired by the laid-back elegance of the homes along california’s salt-soaked coastline, the classic monterey bay pieces take you from entertaining to dining, no matter the time of day or season.

furniture types
dining chairs and tables
rockportrockport collection
extend the comfort of indoor living to your outdoor living space with the trex® outdoor furniture™ luxurious rockport collection. thick, weather-resistant cushions paired with sturdy frames constructed of solid, heavy-duty hdpe lumber provide the ultimate in comfortable, deep seating.

furniture types
deep seating, coffee & end tables

eastporteastport collection
experience exceptional comfort and style with the eastport collection. enjoy a fresh, modern look no matter where you live combined with the comfort you expect from all-weather trex® outdoor furniture™.

furniture types
adirondack chairs, adirondack sets, end tables, coffee tables, side tables, modular deep seating chairs, modular deep seating sets
 furniture types  browse all furniture typesadirondack chairs  browse all adirondack chairschairs & setsottomansside & conversation tablescushions   browse all adirondack chairschairs & setsottomansside & conversation tablescushions rocking chairs  browse all rocking chairschairs & setsside tablescushions   browse all rocking chairschairs & setsside tablescushions dining sets  browse all dining setsdining height setscounter height setsbar height sets   browse all dining setsdining height setscounter height setsbar height sets dining chairs  browse all dining chairsdining height chairscounter height chairsbar height chairscushions   browse all dining chairsdining height chairscounter height chairsbar height chairscushions deep seating  browse all deep seatingchairs & ottomanssofas & loveseatsdeep seating setscoffee tables   browse all deep seatingchairs & ottomanssofas & loveseatsdeep seating setscoffee tables benches, swings & gliders  browse all benches, swings & glidersbenchesswings & gliderscushions   browse all benches, swings & glidersbenchesswings & gliderscushions chaise lounges  browse all chaise loungeslounges & setsside tablescushions   browse all chaise loungeslounges & setsside tablescushions tables  browse all tablesdining height tablescounter height tablesbar height tablesside tablescoffee tablesfire pit tables   browse all tablesdining height tablescounter height tablesbar height tablesside tablescoffee tablesfire pit tables sets  browse all sets3-piece sets5-piece sets7-piece sets   browse all sets3-piece sets5-piece sets7-piece sets all chairsall chairs
whether you’re sitting at a dining table on your back patio, relaxing in an adirondack chair at a cabin in the mountains, or sipping a margarita poolside on a barstool, outdoor living is more comfortable with chairs from trex® outdoor furniture™.

furniture types
adirondack chairs, rocking chairs, deep seating chairs, gliders, chaise lounges, dining chairs, counter chairs, and bar chairs
 accessories  browse all accessoriescushionscushions
tailored specifically for each piece of our furniture, trex® outdoor furniture™ cushions are sewn and crafted with sunbrella® upholstery fabric. comfortable yet durable enough to withstand nature’s elements.

furniture types
adirondack chair cushions, rocking chair cushions, dining chair cushions, bench, swing, & glider cushions, and chaise cushions
umbrellasumbrellas
built with top quality grade aluminum, trex® outdoor furniture™ umbrellas effortlessly add relaxing shade to your lounge or dining set. available in a variety of canopy colors and two aluminum finishes.

furniture types
outdoor umbrellas
gift cardsgift cards
looking for the perfect gift? have a friend or family member who needs to revamp their outdoor living space? trex furniture gift cards are the perfect answer!
samples  browse all sampleslumberperformance fabric   browse all sampleslumberperformance fabric  new & featured  browse all new & featurednew productsnew products
check out our most recent trex® outdoor furniture™ releases to find the perfect pieces for your outdoor space.
best sellersbest sellers
at trex® outdoor furniture™ we work tirelessly to perfect each and every piece of furniture to achieve stylish yet comfortable outdoor living. transform your outdoor living space with trex® outdoor furniture’s™ best selling pieces.
vibrant colorsvibrant colors
brighten your outdoor space with our variety of products available in vibrant lumber colors.deck furniture plannerdeck furniture planner
are you looking for the perfect outdoor furniture set to bring your new deck to life? leave it to the professionals. all you need to do is let us know your budget, the square footage of your deck, and what style of furniture you have in mind for your outdoor space. measure your deck and we will handle the rest. learn more  browse all learn morefrequently asked questionscustomer testimonialsproduct careabout the brandabout the lumberabout our cushionscatalogblog customer service  browse all customer servicehelp centercontact usshipping & deliveryreplacements & returnsorderingwarrantyprivacy policy  







                        account                    


 
































 















outdoor living just got a lot more comfortable.



20-year warranty
we believe in our product and stand behind its quality and durability, that’s why each piece of trex® outdoor furniture™ comes with a 20-year residential warranty.



low maintenance
all-weather trex® outdoor furniture™ is  constructed with genuine polywood®  lumber to withstand extreme weather and cleans easily with soap and water.



made in the usa
each piece of trex® outdoor furniture™ is proudly made in the usa.



free shipping
from small accent pieces to large patio sets, we offer free shipping on any order delivered within the contiguous united states.














































































































“thank you so much for the very personalized customer service you provided our family. your commitment to exemplary service is to be commended. you went the extra mile for us, and your patience and kindness did not go unnoticed.” 
allison




“the chairs are so comfortable and relaxing to sit back and enjoy a cocktail in after a long day. it's almost like being on vacation! cheers!” 
kevin




“the price was great and the customer service was excellent. shipping was fast and assembly was simple and quick. i highly recommend!” 
jason



view all testimonials




featured products


 

 





 



cape cod


                                        cape cod adirondack chair                                    



+11 polywood® colors 



$209.00








 





 



yacht club


                                        yacht club rocking chair                                    



+7 polywood® colors 



$249.00








 





 



yacht club


                                        yacht club 4-piece deep seating set                                    



+7 polywood® colors  ● 41 fabric colors 



$1,795.00








 









outdoor inspired. carefree attitude required.
change up the everyday and discover how comfortable outdoors can be.
there's really only one way to enjoy the freedom of being outdoors—relaxing in the outstanding comfort and unmatched style of trex® outdoor furniture™. it just doesn't get any better. creating an outdoor living, dining and entertaining space with trex outdoor furniture gives you the freedom to escape all things structured. break away from routines and take those ordinary, everyday activities outside. suddenly, you and your family will find yourselves enjoying the unrestricted boundaries of a whole new comfort zone.
trex outdoor furniture adds more than just comfort and beauty to your trex® deck. this eco-friendly furniture is constructed of solid polywood® recycled lumber. that means you can count on it to last through the years with very little maintenance required to keep it looking like new.







all-weather resistance
trex® outdoor furniture™ is made with a high-density polyethylene (hdpe). because hdpe products are made with a single, purified polymer, they are manufactured to exacting, reproducible specifications. they have exceptional resistance to corrosive substances, oil and fuels, insects, fungi, salt spray, and other environmental stresses. they do not absorb moisture; therefore, they will not rot, splinter, or crack. hdpe products have excellent weathering resistance; however, as with other polyolefins, it is possible that the material will fade slightly over the service life of the product. these products require no waterproofing, painting, staining, or similar maintenance when used in many exterior applications.











 
 





shop



new products
best sellers
collections
furniture types
accessories
new & featured
outdoor furniture





learn more



faq
assembly information
customer testimonials
product care
about the brand
about the lumber
about our cushions
catalog
blog
accessibility statement





customer service



help center
contact us
shipping & delivery
replacements & returns
ordering
warranty
find a showroom
california prop 65 warning
notice of financial incentive
privacy policy
california privacy notice



  your privacy choices





(877) 907-trex (8739)monday - friday 8am to 5pm est1000 polywood way, syracuse, in 46567trex® outdoor furniture™ products are manufactured and sold by polywood under a trademark license agreement with trex company, inc. 20 year limited warranty provided by manufacturer.© 2012-2025 polywood. all rights reserved.



 

