










rick john roofing | pittsburgh's slate and tile roof specialists
























































  




 call or text rick at
412-906-1571 or email
rgamm57@gmail.com




homeabout usroofing replacement

asphalt shinglescopper roofingflat roofsslate roofingstanding seam metal roofstile roofing
roof repairguttersother services

custom metal fabricationroof inspectionsmaintenance programs
gallerycontact 




chat with us,
powered by livechat




with over 45 years of service in pittsburgh,             we’re the roofer you can depend on.with over 45 years of service in pittsburgh,             we’re the roofer you can depend on.with over 45 years of service in pittsburgh,             we’re the roofer you can depend on.with over 45 years of service in pittsburgh,             we’re the roofer you can depend on.





pittsburgh’s slate and tile roofing specialists 


as pittsburgh’s residential roofing experts, rickjohn roofing specializes in specialty roofing projects including slate and tile roofing, copper standing seam roofs, flat roofs and detailed asphalt shingle roofs. in our metal fabrication shop, we create and often recreate custom copper metal work and replacement ornamental metal roofing details.
we have the experience needed to repair all types of roofs and repair and replacement of box gutters, hanging gutters, skylights, and flashing.
call or text rick at (412)906-1571 or email rgamm57@gmail.com with your name, address, phone number you would like him to call or even a quick note on your project. you can also use the form at the bottom of this page or the one on the contact page to get a quote on your roofing project. whatever works best for you!








 

roof repair
roof damage or leaks? we can fix any roof including slate, tile and asphalt shingles. call us and we’ll be right over.

learn more

 

new roof installation
we are pittsburgh’s slate and tile specialists and we also install copper roofing and asphalt shingles. increase the value of your home with a new roof.

learn more

 

other services
we repair and install box gutters and hanging gutters, flashing, and skylights. we also have our own custom metal fabrication shop.

learn more





 highly recommend rickjohn. i don’t usually write reviews but i was really impressed with them. rich got back to me very quickly with a quote and the roofer did great work fixing our ridge cap on our slate roof (sorry i didn’t catch his name but he was great!). this was in the middle of a super snowy winter and they got it done as soon as they safely could. kind, genuine and very professional people that you can trust. very grateful to have come across them. their payment system was also super convenient! great all around. will be using them and recommending them going forward.rachael barone02:33 07 feb 25we searched for nearly a year for a roofing company that could do standing seam metal and shingles, for a price within our budget. rickjohn was extremely responsive to our initial outreach and their quote was much better than a previous company. the actual install was delayed many months due to other jobs, but it was worth the wait and our roof turned out exactly as i hoped it would. keith and the roofing team were extremely kind, especially with my kids in and out of their workspace.emily lohr15:42 15 oct 24had rick john repair our terra cotta roof. good pricing, easy to work with, and very knowledgeable. highly recommend to anyone looking for roof repair.josh singer20:09 22 jul 24this past week, i have had the pleasure corresponding with keith and kameron - but our conversations had nothing to do with getting a roof repaired....but please keep reading!  while at work this week, my cell phone rang and the caller id said, "rickjohn roofing".  something told me to answer, even though i thought it was a wrong number or a telemarketer.i answered the phone and to my surprise, it was my husband  using someone else's phone to call me from the side of the busy highway.  his voice was shaky, but quickly reassured me he was okay.  while driving on a three lane highway, my husband was flagged down by two guys in a truck and they alerted him to pull over because there was fire coming from underneath my husband's suv!  the guys in the rickjohn roofing truck pulled off of the highway to help.  as my husband exited the vehicle on fire, he began running towards the good samaritans, keith and his son, kameron (of rickjohn roofing).  their swift action probably saved my husband's life.  the black smoke poured from the vehicle as it quickly became engulfed in flames and continued to burn down to the frame for the next 5-7 minutes until the fire department arrived.  needless to say the vehicle was a total loss, but the most important thing is that my husband was safe and unharmed.he didn't have time to grab his phone when getting out of the vehicle, and it, too, was a loss.  keith and kameron stayed on site with my husband, offering support by recording and photographing, and letting my husband use their phone to call and text me, which was the only thing that brought me any comfort.  i was able to finally get to him an hour later.  upon arrival, i met these brave helpers who stayed on scene with my husband that entire time!the day was emotionally exhausting, however, the bright spot in our day was when keith and kameron sent a text message that evening (as they had my number in the phone from earlier that day) to check on us to make sure that we were doing okay.over the course of the week, i have texted back and forth with keith, and each time, my husband and i acknowledged our appreciation for their willingness to help a stranger.  they acted without hesitation and their selfless efforts meant the world to us.  it was shocking to learn, that for one hour, hundreds of vehicles passed, and no one else pulled over to help.thank you again, keith and kameron, for doing the right thing and helping someone else out who was in need.  i hope people reading this lengthy "thank you" will acknowledge both your character and integrity.now that we have connected, we will be in touch for some home repairs!  thank you again.suzanne grove02:36 21 jul 24called several roofers and this company was the only one to return my call. had leaks from the past storms and took a few days to locate all the problems, but repairs made and now very dry. great prices and service crew great to work with. highly recommend.jan20:15 26 jun 24we have  a dectile roof and developed a leak near our wood burner.  no one wanted to come out or help us figure out where the leak was originating.  rickjohn came out not only diagnosed our problem but fixed. we have no more leak or problems. definitely recommend them. great company and great workers.anna gataric16:57 15 may 24had a gutter downspout come off of our home. emailed rick photos of the issue and he sent someone to fix it the same day!had another issue a month later with a leak in a high up window. rick sent mike out to fix it. mike found the root cause, got it fixed, and now we have no more leaks!could not be happier and will be recommending rickjohn to anyone who has a roofing or gutter need our area. 🙂evan mcbroom13:52 04 may 24after another roofing and gutter company gave us the run-around for months on end, i called rick john. we’d seen them work on a neighbor’s box gutters over the summer and their work looks great. rich was out to provide a quote shortly after, and he was able to help identify some huge issues causing water to leak via two sealed chimneys (mia flashing that our home inspector missed, of course).after winter, they gave me a call to let me know when they’d be out to start the job. it was smooth sailing the entire few weeks. the crew was clean and courteous, and i can most definitely attest to the quality—thankfully, our gutters were about 99% done when the torrential downpours and flash flooding occurred. without rick john’s work, we’d have had water intrusion on every floor of the house. but we were a-ok!if you’re looking to have your box gutters repaired, these are the guys you want to do the job!natalie b15:56 17 apr 24we had a leak in our slate/tile roof back in 2022.  we first hired a different roofing contractor that claimed they fixed the leak; however, the leak reappeared after several weeks.  we then luckily came across rickjohn roofing.  rickjohn was a pleasure to work with from start to finish.  they were prompt to provide an estimate and complete the work.  they were able to fix the leak that the other company was unable to fix.  and fix it for good!  and at a fair price.  they truly are pittsburgh's slate and tile roofing specialists.we recently had a leak on the roof over our backyard deck.  this roof is a shingle roof different than our main slate/tile roof.  once again we called rickjohn roofing to take care of the problem and once again they were prompt to provide an estimate and complete the work.we will continue to use rickjohn for any of our roofing needs and would advise others to do the same!michael owens21:22 20 mar 24rickjohn replaced our downspouts. we own an older home, so i always appreciate contractors with experience working on older structures.quotes were reasonable and the work was done in a professional manner.patrick fitzgerald15:57 05 mar 24only roofer i want to work my slate roof. rick is extremely responsive and his guys have always been very nice.he has done extensive work on my roof and fixed the previous roofers errors.m f16:40 04 mar 24we really appreciate rick john's craftsmanship. they just did our copper roof, and it's beautiful! they have fixed the spanish tile and soffits on our old house previously. rich is very responsive. he knew just what we needed to do. we would recommend rick john to any of our neighbors without reservation. the workers left the area clean. just great!daniel kass13:57 23 feb 24we've had a number of leaks on our roof and tried several different roofers over the years before our contractor friend recommended rick john. we've been impressed with the quality of their team and the work done. they showed us exactly what was wrong and fixed a number of issues across our flat and shingled sections of roof. we are grateful for the great work and that our family is now staying dry! :-)mary k17:56 19 dec 23choose rickjohn is you want your tile roofing job done right! they spent multiple days doing the job right and explained everything they were doing. i used them to fix a leak in my tile roof, which was incorrectly repaired by another roofing company. their price was also much more reasonable than the other estimate i received. so many companies say they know tile roofs but no one is better than rickjohn. period.paul in pittsburgh14:18 31 oct 23we used rickjohn roofing for an extensive project involving the restoration of roofing trim and box gutters on our historic home.  this was a very large project and they did a great job. their price was very competitive and we were pleased with the quality of the work.  i highly recommend them for any project.steven winslow14:55 06 oct 23great same day service! solid work. very reason rates. i highly recommendryan dammerman20:34 24 apr 23my experience with rick john could not have been any better. i contacted him first thing in the morning and my roof was fixed shortly after lunch. very responsive, professional and friendly. i strongly recommend them and would use their services again if needed.douglas bittner01:53 13 apr 23highly recommend rickjohn roofing! had a leak in the roof of my home, called rickjohn and they came out the very next morning ~ repaired the leak immediately.heather shuker19:08 07 mar 23i had such a great experience with rickjohn roofing. i had some shingles blow off in a wind storm and when i called they were able to come out the next day. they even came early to fix the roof before the rain storm rolled in so that i wouldn't have any issues! the gentlemen i spoke with (rick? john? rick john? lol) to schedule was such a great person and incredibly accommodating! i would 1000% recommend this company to anyone looking for a recommendation!!brittany marcott14:47 01 mar 23i had to have some lifting shingles repaired.  was very impressed with talking to owner on first phone call.  rick always responded to texts and emails  right away.   first contact was may 31st.  estimate given within a day.  job done june 10th !   excellent work !linda renzenbrink19:47 11 jun 22melissa johnson (aunt missy)14:44 27 apr 22today was a windy day - so windy that a few shingles blew off of my roof. rick john was the only roofer to actually answer the phone and send a repair technician over within a few hours.  the roofers were kind, professional,  and very skilled at their trade. i will recommend rick john to anyone who asks me about quality, fair priced roofers. thank you for being so honest and prompt!!be green23:52 15 apr 22rick was extremely helpful with a house we are thinking of purchasing. was extremely helpful with potential repairs to an older slate roof.debbie gibson19:39 24 nov 21called three roofing companies on a weekend and rick john was the only one that responded within an hour. rick came out the next day.   he sent one of his employees out within 2 days to repair two roof leaks and we are getting an estimate within 5 days for total repair of our slate roof. each encounter they displayed professionalism, high level of customer service, safety protocols, and instilled confidence in their knowledge of roofing repair.  they shared photos of the problem areas and explained what needed fixed.  great company!robert neumeyer17:38 04 nov 21we had a full new roof installed at a previous residence which was straightforward, quick, and professional.  this time we just had a minor repair but it was taken care of quickly which was a blessing after others told us they didn’t know what was wrong!  would definitely recommend !katie whitlatch12:16 28 aug 21victor balcarcel13:53 10 aug 21these guys are the best. they fixed my roof the first time and did so with a smile. i will definitely be calling them when we get around to replacing our roof.greg krogen18:42 13 jul 21while i have not yet used rickjohn roofing's services, i needed a quick estimate to help me with a home buying decision. rick responded to my inquiry within 30 minutes, reviewing my inspection report and gave me an estimate within the hour. i truly appreciate his responsiveness.christina paonessa23:35 05 jul 21we had some damage to our tile roof after a bad winter. we called rickjohn which is is the only company who has ever worked on our roof. as always they did a great job.  the price was reasonable also.conrad mcguire15:15 01 jul 21george demko19:05 14 jun 21had a persistent leak.robert downing19:43 10 jun 21we had a leaky roof. they installed chimney flashing and chimney crowns. work was quick and professional. would definitely recommend!rebecca o'connell18:20 29 may 21very prompt and professionalalvin wostein22:48 28 may 21rick and his team were professional and easy to deal with.  they were able to inspect my roof and re-seal a flashing within a week from my call.  they also sealed off a gutter from a pesky bird.greg hunsicker15:01 18 may 21quick, easy to work with, and job done right; thanks for the help!dean jackson20:44 09 may 21we had a tile fall off our roof — called it in to another roofer and they told us two weeks.  three weeks later we call back in and are told probably another month because they need to focus on ‘emergencies’ and since we don’t actually see the water leaking into our house, this isn’t that.  called rick john today and they were out two hours later and the tile was taken care of in short order.  i’m sure that’s not going to be an every-job response time, but today they made my life a little easier and i’m not going to hesitate to call them again.kelly metzler17:34 04 may 21sharon reinherz16:09 08 apr 21impeccable high quality work. the price was great too!  workers are professional and friendly.beth k12:44 12 mar 21my wife and i loved rick and his team. they're very responsive and once the weather permitted they were able to handle our unique tile roof issues. we would recommend them to anyone. great value and they know how to treat their customers with prompt and courteous service.ken baldwin18:57 05 mar 21this company is great!!  the workers are very professional and  very knowledgeable.  they make sure you are satisfied with the work they do.  i am so glad i found this company!carolyn graham23:58 18 nov 20did a great job on my roof in aspinwall great company.robert michaels04:37 04 oct 20quick and professional, completed the job when they said they would. 👍👍carla nernberg00:22 16 sep 20kim yednoroz06:04 15 aug 20rickjohn roofing  just finished redoing a spanish tile turret roof for us.  very professional and easy to work with.  we are very pleased  with the  work and responsiveness, particularly during this time of working through the restrictions of the pandemic.  recommend  highly.will try to post photos  tomorrow.elizabeth weaver.elizabeth weaver08:00 02 jul 20rich was great and kept me posted every day on the progress of my home while i was out of town. don’t hesitate to call the guys in the red trucks to come to your roof rescue!nicole bonacci05:15 26 feb 20excellent customer service, and extremely reasonable. they went above and beyond with all aspects of the job. i had another roofer tell me i needed a new roof and rickjohnroofing was honest with me and told me i just needed a few things adjusted and saved me a ton of money!!!! i love the honesty that rich delivered to me. highly recommended!!!kevin coppler19:02 24 feb 20i called rickjohn roofing because i was in sewickley and i saw them working on mario lemieux’s house once doing a clay tile in copper and gutter addition.i waited until they were finished and checked out the quality, they matched the original clay roof from 100 years ago perfectly.i called rickjohn roofing to get an estimate on my roof. they contacted me back quickly and answered all of my questions. everything was in writing and was so professional. i signed the contract and told them they could start right away.they were on time every morning at 8 o’clock until 4:30 pm and left the job site completely cleaned up everyday.i work for the city of pittsburgh and i will definitely refer all of my friends and colleagues to rickjohn roofing for their needs. they do impeccable work at fair prices.canadianrobin119:34 22 jan 20i had two leaks at my house, and one at my business building.  none were fixed he first try.  these leaks were difficult.  i had other companies try, and charge me, but ultimately fail to fix the problems.  this company stuck with it and ultimately solved all three problems.  i hired them to stop the leaks, and they did not quit on me until all leaks were taken care of.  thanks.ray miller15:02 08 nov 18 


fort pitt block house project for the daughters of the american revolution
the fort pitt block house, the only structure original to fort pitt and the oldest landmark in the city of pittsburgh, was desperately in need of a new roof…
learn more

rickjohn roofing chosen for well known work on historic buildings
neighbors who live near st. andrew’s may have noticed some work happening on the building and a sign on the corner of hampton and euclid from the pittsburgh history and landmark foundation…
learn more







 fill out the form below for a free site survey.  rick or his son, richard, will contact you, do the site survey themselves and send you a quote, quickly!


















"*" indicates required fields

name*


first



last

address email*

phone*comments
  





















 
1006 washington blvd
pittsburgh, pa 15206
(412) 906-1571

 
linksslate roofing
tile roofing
asphalt shingles
standing seam metal roofs
copper roofing
flat roofs
other services
roof repair
custom metal fabrication
gallery

facebook
 





 copyright ©  rickjohn roofing |  pa roofing license # pa051609
website enhancements by monica watt design group, llc.
 




















