





abraxis networks!














contact us  |  site map

call 770-729-9699



home

website design

portfolio
database programming

e-commerce


search optimization

hosting/colo

web hosting
email hosting
dedicated server
server colocation
custom quotes
our facility




support

key information

email setup
webmail



webmail






 

contact information

phone: 770-729-9699
fax: 770-729-9247
email:support@abraxis.com


 















programming and web design







hosting and colocation







complete internet solutions

							abraxis networks is an atlanta isp focused
							on providing complete, customized internet solutions to small businesses and home users.  since abraxis
							is focused on the atlanta metro area, we have been able to optimize our network to be the 
							highest speed, and lowest latency network available.  in addition, our atlanta focus allows our 
							staff to handle onsite networking service and hardware maintenance with response times far quicker
							than any other isp.
							
							for businesses we are able to provide the benefits of single-vendor solutions to all your technology
							needs from dsl or t1 connectivity, onsite networking, 
							and custom programming.  
							


website programming and design

							abraxis specializes in creating websites and custom applications that
                            accomplish the goals of your business.  with our deep experience in 
                            database design and web-based programming, we can engineer a solution that
                            not only looks good, but is a business tool that will help you grow and 
                            become more efficient.  for your website, that means a site that is crafted
                            and optimized to rank highly in search engines such as google, one that allows your customers
                            to quickly and easily find the information they are looking for and is easy for
                            you to maintain and grow.  for your custom applications, that means a thoroughly engineered and tested
                            piece of software that runs quickly, is easy to use and can be easily
                            modified and extended to meet your future business needs.
                            	
						

web hosting / server collocation


							our web hosting is feature-packed and second to none, with guaranteed up time and robust email service, 
							plus added features like ecommerce and databases.  all of our servers are housed in a start of the art, carrier class facility
							with fully redundant power, connectivity and security.
						






home    |   
					
atlanta website design    |   
					atlanta web hosting    |   
					atlanta colocation





