









home - beefmaster breeders united



































  









join nowsearch registrystay connected!searchsubmitclearhomeaboutstaff & leadershipminuteshall of famecattlewomenconventionservicesmember servicesfees and faqsformsprogramsdna testingb.e.e.f.juniorsaboutnational showscholarshipsai programsanctioned showsinternationalorganizationsgo international teamfeesmediamediapay weightsphotosbeefmaster cowmanregistry/digital beefdigital beefcattle evaluationsupcoming eventsconvention registration form




 







 


 


 


 
















 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





bbu is transitioning to a paperless system for registrations and transfers.
as bbu continues our mission to provide exceptional service and modern solutions for our members, we are excited to announce a significant step forward: bbu is transitioning to a paperless system for registrations and transfers.
by moving to a paperless system, we aim to:

enhance efficiency: digital submissions allow for faster processing times and reduce the potential for errors associated with manual data entry.
improve member access: the online system will provide you with 24/7 access to manage registrations and transfers from anywhere, at any time.
what this means for you
starting january 1, 2025, all registrations and transfers will be paperless.
paper forms will no longer be required after this date.  you can still submit the original papers for transfers, or a bill of sale for transfers.  you will also be able to still send in hard copies of registration forms.
you will be able to print a color copy of your registration certificates if you want, or you can contact the office for original copies.  when submitting a request for original certificates, the first certificate will be $5.00 and all subsequent certificates in the same work order will be $1.00 each.

need assistance?
we understand that transitioning to a digital system is a big change, and we are here to support you every step of the way. if you have any questions or need assistance, please do not hesitate to contact our member services team at memberservices@beefmasters.org or call the office at 210-732-3132.
thank you for your continued support and for embracing this new chapter with us.email us with any questionsabout uslearn moregeneticslearn moremedialearn morebeefmaster breeders unitedexperience the difference with beefmasters breeders unitedversatile. sustainable. maternal. discover the unparalleled advantages of beefmasters with beefmasters breeders united, your premier source for top-quality beef cattle. at bbu, we are dedicated to advancing the breed and we invite you to experience the unique benefits and potential this exceptional breed offers for your operation.
at beefmasters breeders united, we recognize the distinct qualities that set the beefmasters breed apart from others. known for their exceptional adaptability, superior maternal instincts, and impressive growth rates, beefmasters cattle are prized for their ability to thrive in diverse environments and deliver outstanding performance in various production systems.
with a focus on genetic excellence and breed improvement, beefmasters breeders united offers a comprehensive selection of registered beefmaster genetics that embody the breed's desirable traits. whether you're seeking increased fertility, enhanced carcass quality, or improved feed efficiency, our genetics are carefully bred to help you achieve your breeding goals and maximize the profitability of your operation
beefmasters were developed to create a breed that has 63% retained heterosis compared to 43% retained heterosis in other composite breeds. heterosis has a larger impact on lowly heritable traits such as: fertility, maternal ability, and longevity. this makes beefmaster females ideal from a maternal and reproductive standpoint. maternal and reproductive efficiency will be extremely important as the u.s. cattle industry focuses on rebuilding. beefmaster and beefmaster cross females are extremely productive cows that can add money to a producer’s bottom-line year after year.one of the key benefits of the beefmasters breed is its versatility and adaptability to different management systems and environmental conditions, beefmaster cattle have proven their ability to thrive and excel, making them an ideal choice for ranchers and producers seeking resilient and high-performing genetics.
as a member of beefmasters breeders united, you'll gain access to a wealth of resources, support, and expertise to help you succeed with the beefmasters breed. our dedicated team of professionals is committed to providing you with valuable insights, educational opportunities, and networking connections to help you maximize the potential of your beefmasters genetics and achieve your breeding objectives.
experience the difference with beefmasters breeders united and discover why the beefmaster breed is the preferred choice for ranchers and producers who demand excellence in their cattle genetics. whether you're looking to improve your herd's performance, increase your operation's profitability, or simply enhance the quality of your beef cattle, beefmasters offer unmatched benefits and opportunities for success.our mission:bbu's mission is to enhance breeder's ability to raise and promote cattle based upon the founding "six essentials." disposition, fertility, weight, conformation, hardiness and milk production.




homeaboutstaff & leadershipminuteshall of famecattlewomenconventionservicesmember servicesfees and faqsformsprogramsdna testingb.e.e.f.juniorsaboutnational showscholarshipsai programsanctioned showsinternationalorganizationsgo international teamfeesmediamediapay weightsphotosbeefmaster cowmanregistry/digital beefdigital beefcattle evaluationsupcoming eventsconvention registration formcontact usphysical address
3833 south texas ave
ste 276
bryan, tx 77802

mailing address
po box 3790 
bryan, tx 77805

phone
210-732-3132
fax
210 732-7711correspondencememberservices@beefmasters.orgpolicies• bbu privacy policy
• bbu refund policy
• please reference our membership application for terms and conditionssearchsearchsubmitclearemail sign up!

this field is hidden when viewing the formnext steps: sync an email add-onto get the most out of your form, we suggest that you sync this form with an email add-on. to learn more about your email add-on options, visit the following page (https://www.gravityforms.com/the-8-best-email-plugins-for-wordpress-in-2020/). important: delete this tip before you publish the form.name(required)

first


email(required)

privacy(required)

i agree with the storage and handling of my data by this website. - privacy policy *
namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 













website design by ranch house designs, inc.

homeaboutbackstaff & leadershipminuteshall of famecattlewomenconventionservicesbackmember servicesfees and faqsformsprogramsdna testingb.e.e.f.juniorsbackaboutnational showscholarshipsai programsanctioned showsinternationalbackorganizationsgo international teamfeesmediamediabackpay weightsphotosbeefmaster cowmanregistry/digital beefbackdigital beefcattle evaluationsupcoming eventsconvention registration form
 
 
































