     plaza ford in bel air, md | maryland ford dealership near me                              


                                             plaza ford        sales 667-276-7351    service 667-276-7385  parts 667-283-3093      1701 bel air roadbel air, md 21014                                      service        map        contact                       plaza ford             call 667-276-7351   directions                       new   search inventory   fctp loaner vehicles   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   quick quote     used   search inventory   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   find my car   certified pre-owned overview   certified pre-owned vehicles     electric   ev inventory   faqs   ev charging    ev tax credits   ford power promise      commercial   commercial   ford section 179 tax deduction     specials   new vehicle specials   pre owned specials    fctp loaner vehicles   military program   first responders program   college graduates   service & parts specials      vehicle research   vehicle research   how to videos   bronco off-roadeo   first-time car buyers   sync connect   ford courtesy vehicles program   compare new ford trucks at plaza ford     finance   finance department   personal credit application   commercial credit application   payment calculator   black book credit estimator   ford protect   schedule service   parts brand   tires   shop ford parts   fordpass     service & parts   service & parts   manufacturer service specials   road trip checklist   quick lane   general service   ford service center     body shop    about   contact us   our dealership   leave us a review   meet our staff   career opportunities   hours & directions   community partners                     home   new   search inventory   fctp loaner vehicles   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   quick quote     used   search inventory   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   find my car   certified pre-owned overview   certified pre-owned vehicles     electric   ev inventory   faqs   ev charging    ev tax credits   ford power promise      commercial   commercial   ford section 179 tax deduction     specials   new vehicle specials   pre owned specials    fctp loaner vehicles   military program   first responders program   college graduates   service & parts specials      vehicle research   vehicle research   how to videos   bronco off-roadeo   first-time car buyers   sync connect   ford courtesy vehicles program   compare new ford trucks at plaza ford     finance   finance department   personal credit application   commercial credit application   payment calculator   black book credit estimator   ford protect   schedule service   parts brand   tires   shop ford parts   fordpass     service & parts   service & parts   manufacturer service specials   road trip checklist   quick lane   general service   ford service center     body shop    about   contact us   our dealership   leave us a review   meet our staff   career opportunities   hours & directions   community partners               









inventory search
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         






                                                   disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                            








finance










service










specials










value your trade




      search new inventory     search used inventory            something for everyone  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      suvs & crossovers   trucks & vans   all electric   cars           escape      bronco sport      bronco      edge      explorer      mustang mach-e      expedition          maverick      ranger      transit connect      f-150      super duty      transit      f-150 lightning          mustang mach-e      f-150 lightning          mustang     explore all newmodels           







order a vehicle
your custom vehicle is a click away.

detailed interior and exterior vehicle photography
choose model, trim levels, packages, exterior paint, interior options, engine type, and accessories
estimated finance and lease pricing options



order now







     

quality service
certified service experts can help
we made your ford the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. plaza ford technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.
schedule service


      







f-150 lightning
f-series is america's best-selling truck for 45 years* for a reason. and now, it's charging into the future with the all-new, all-electric 2023 ford f-150 lightning. it's the first ever f-series that's gas-free and offers more purposeful technology, an elevated driving experience and trusted built ford tough capability.


reserve now







 
      



plaza ford
we have a strong and committed sales staff with many years of experience satisfying our customers' needs. feel free to browse our inventory online, request more information about vehicles, set up a test drive or inquire about financing!
more about us




     
visit us

 1701 bel air road, bel air 21014






    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm     saturday closed    sunday closed  vehicle pickup until 5:30pm. quick lane open on saturdays       parts hours         monday 7:00am - 5:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 5:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 5:00pm    friday 7:00am - 5:00pm     saturday 7:00am - 12:00pm    sunday closed        

     welcome to plaza ford in bel air, md!
plaza ford welcomes maryland drivers to our dealership for a ford sales, service and financing experience they truly enjoy. with deep roots in the community and an unwavering dedication to customer satisfaction, our bel air ford dealer has become the go-to choice for many local drivers. you’ll always head home happy when you buy a used car or get a new ford lease with our team.


new ford & used car sales
if you’re in the market for an eye-catching pickup or spacious crossover, you’ll find many enticing options in our new ford inventory. from f-150 and ranger trucks to explorer and bronco sport suvs, we have it all. we can also help you custom order a car that meets your needs perfectly. we may have new ford specials and used car incentives for your convenience, and our team will be by your side throughout the entire ford financing process, so you can enjoy complete peace of mind.

bel air ford service center
get the reliable car repairs you deserve at the plaza ford service center. our certified technicians and state-of-the-art equipment ensure every vehicle in our bays receives top-notch service. our ford dealership in bel air can take care of all your maintenance and ford service needs. if you’re looking for a quick synthetic oil change and tire rotation, you’ll love our quick lane®. plus, our team uses oem ford parts whenever possible to keep your f-150 or explorer running its best.
local ford dealer with good reviews
no matter if you visit us for car sales or auto service, you’ll be treated to a vip customer experience. if you read the plaza ford reviews, you’ll understand why we’re the go-to spot for drivers who want to work with a trustworthy car dealer. we’re located at 1701 belair road in bel air, which is a convenient drive from towson, baltimore, aberdeen and beyond.
community dealership
at plaza ford, we understand that nearly a century of success doesn't happen without the support of the local community. with that in mind, we are constantly looking for ways to give back. plaza ford makes regular contributions to the following local charities and organizations:

the miracle league of harford county
the arc northern chesapeake region
katie walls' bras for cause
the upper chesapeake health foundation



a large inventory
we have a large lot with lots of great ford vehicles to choose from. whether you're looking for a brand-new car or a quality, pre-owned vehicle that will last you a long time, we're sure to have something just right for you at plaza ford. some of the most popular models we always keep in stock include:

edge
escape
explorer
f-series trucks

no matter what your exact wants and needs are in your next car, plaza ford of bel air has got you covered.
why shop here?
we don't believe in the pricing game at plaza ford. we don't like hidden fees, and we don't like taking advantage of people. for you, that means you're always going to get the best price we can offer on any vehicle on our lots, and you'll never be left wondering how we arrived at the number we're giving you. our pricing structure is completely transparent because we want to be as honest and upfront about our sales process as you want us to be.
trained and certified technicians
we understand that truly great customer service doesn't start until after you've signed the paperwork and gone home with your new vehicle. at some point, you're going to need maintenance or repairs. our service department is staffed with ford motor company certified technicians. in fact, three of our technicians are senior master certified technicians. that means, whether you're bringing your car in for routine maintenance or you've experienced a major breakdown, our service department has the tools and knowledge to get you back on the road quickly and keep you there.




plaza ford
local car dealership selling new ford and used cars
serving: bel air, md
local phone: (410) 838-3100
directions to plaza ford
1701 belair rd, bel air, md 21014


     


follow us


                            


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures plaza ford | 1701 bel air road, bel air, md 21014 | sales: 667-276-7351 |                


















     

                 