
















home page - iron sharpens iron














































































































about

history
isi network
ministry updates
profiles
contact us
employment


ne ministry

tips


conferences

register now
request a  packet


isi experience

testimonies
media resources
speakers
ministry sponsors
men of all ages
schedule
pricing
questions


partner

donate online


host
blog
store

















0










save the date
click here
for more 
info



as iron sharpens iron, so one man sharpens another. 
- proverbs 27:17












 








request a packet view all conferences register now 




omaha (bellevue), ne march 3rdx
keynote speakers:



sadsadaf: fdadafdadafdadafdadafdadafdadaf
				dadafdadafdadafdadafdadafdadafdadafdadaf
				dadafdadafdadaііфіафафавіаread more



click here to request a packet!

directions
register
view







find conferences in your state


select a statealcactflgaiaidilinkylamamemimnmomtncnenhnyohorpasctntxvavirtual eventvtwi
go




upcoming conferences and events











february 22
jacksonville, fl



march 01
st. louis, mo



march 01
detroit, mi



march 01
wilmington, nc



march 01
orland park, il



march 08
charleston, sc



march 08
palm beach gardens, fl



march 15
buffalo, ny



march 15
springfield, il



march 22
rock island, il



march 22
hartford, ct



march 29
white plains, ny



april 05
monroe, nc



april 05
uxbridge, ma



april 05
champaign, il



april 12
greenfield, in



may 17
manchester, nh



june 07
albany, ny



november 01
georgetown, tx



november 08
danbury, ct




request a packet
view all conferences
register now



























god is using isi to call men to 'be on the alert, stand firm in the faith, be strong, and let everything be done in love.' (1 corinthians 16:13-14).  isi is challenging men to step up and be godly.bob lepine - familylifeat a time when men have somehow taken a back seat, isi is the one day conference that can change everything!  countless men can testify to the life and family changing event!  i believe in isi!

 reggie dabbs - motivational speakeri believe that men are both the catalyst for spiritual growth in the family and the key to restoring faith in america.  i am honored to minister with iron sharpens iron to target the needs of men and to help them find answers to their questions in god's word.dr. woodrow krolli thank god for iron sharpens iron and it's transformational impact on men across the nation.stephen kendrick - provident filmsi've been so impressed with isi ministries.  their focus is dead on.  men who attend truly have a life-changing encounter with god.richard blackaby - blackaby ministries internationaliron sharpens iron continues to be used by god to inspire and train men of god.  isi has become an indispensable part of thousands of men's lives.kenny luck - leadership pastor, crossline churchiron sharpens iron is reaching both the hearts and minds of men today.  i'm honored to be a part of such a significant ministry.sean mcdowell - worldview ministriesseldom have i seen a better run conference than iron sharpens iron.  an impressive group of men who are really serious about learning and teaching.charles colson - the chuck colson center for christian worldviewthanks again for the opportunity to be a part of iron sharpens iron. it was an incredible experience and i'm extremely grateful. definitely a highlight of my life.bryan carter - senior pastor, concord church dallas, tx
director's corner‘being a glad dad’ 2024-09-21 00i samuel 4:17-18 “he brought the news to eli and said, “israel has fled before the philistines, and there has also been a great defeat among […]read moreeli – a bad dad 2024-09-18 00i samuel 2:17 “the sin of the sons of eli was extremely serious in the lord’s sight, because they treated the offerings to the lord with […]read moreeli – a mad dad 2024-09-14 00i samuel 2:22-24 “now eli was very old, and he kept hearing all that his sons were doing to all israel, and how they lay with […]read more
read more 














our mission
the mission of the iron sharpens iron conference network is to mobilize regional ministries to resource local churches with a first class one-day equipping conference that is specifically designed for men (age 13 and older).who we are
the iron sharpens iron conference network is made up of individual ministries that are willing to act interdependently to most effectively offer local churches a first class resource for men.statement of faith
we believe the bible to be the inspired, the only infallible, authoritative word of god.
we believe that there is one god, eternally existent in three persons: father, son and holy spirit.
we believe in the deity of our lord jesus christ, in his virgin birth, in his sinless life, in his miracles, in his vicarious and atoning death through his shed blood, in his bodily resurrection, in his ascension to the right hand of the father, and in his personal return in power and glory.
we believe that for the salvation of lost and sinful people, regeneration by the holy spirit is absolutely essential.
we believe in the present ministry of the holy spirit by whose indwelling the christian is enabled to live a godly life.
we believe in the resurrection of both the saved and the lost; they that are saved unto the resurrection of life and they that are lost unto the resurrection of damnation.
we believe in the spiritual unity of believers in our lord jesus christ.
“this is also the statement of faith of the national association of evangelicals”.
register now view all conferences request a packet contact us

 










 

 

 

 













41 crossroads plaza
suite 186
west hartford,
ct 06117
phone: 800.451.9239





















subscribe to our newsletter
 

leave this field empty if you're human: 
 







						© 2018 iron sharpens iron. all rights reserved.					






0





 




































//]]>


