





automotive, commercial, and speciality batteries | gnb systems

































x

disclaimer – please make sure to verify the exact phone number, address, contact information, and emails, before shipping out any products to gnbs, as our company has been the subject of several fraudulent scams over the past few months. we will not be responsible for any orders shipped to any others locations that have not been verified beforehand. thank you.










toggle navigation







head office: 1 (877) 549-4454
head office: (877) 549-4454




home
about
what's new
faq













toggle navigation








auto & commercial

automotive batteries
commercial batteries


deep cycle

ups

ups batteries
datasafe hx batteries
u.s. agm batteries
switch gear


power sport
odyssey

chargers

noco chargers
prosport chargers
autometer chargers
cliplight chargers


marine
renewable energy
testers

specialty

emergency backup batteries
e-bike & scooter batteries


contact us














canada’sbatterysupplier







heavy dutycommercialbatteries







reinventingjumpstarting







safe-guardingyour data







keeping youplaying







leadingthe charge







preservingourplanet





‹
›





great northern battery systems
canada’s battery supplier
located in hamilton, ontario great northern battery systems (gnb systems) is an international battery wholesale supplier providing batteries of all types to oem, dealers, distributors and direct to the general public.
with 79 years experience in the battery industry, inventory & selection that is unparalleled and knowledgeable and helpful staff, gnb systems is your best choice for high quality batteries at competitive prices. simply put, no one else has the selection and knowledge offered by gnb systems.
we stock a full selection of automotive, marine & commercial batteries, motorcycle, snowmobile and power sport batteries, along with deep cycle & agm batteries. need batteries for your ups systems, we stock a wide range of data safe products, sla, vrla and rechargeable batteries.
for our dealers, we are pleased to offer a complete reseller program designed to give you the benefit of drawing from our huge battery selection of inventory at very competitive prices.
great northern battery is one of the only wholesalers to offer a complete oem private branded battery program providing original equipment manufacturers with the quality products they demand.


our sister sites







no matter what your application is, great northern battery has the products, inventory, service and pricing you need.
contact us













 over 79 years of wholesale battery experience working for you! call us toll free at 1-877-549-4454









hamilton head office:1 (877) 549-4454



home
about
what's new
faq
privacy
sitemap



copyright © 2025 great northern battery systems
web design & development by virtual image, hamilton













