





affiliated steam – steam and hot water








































florida guests click here









search for:











about us

history
territory
complete solutions
experience
inventory


news & events
products
services
knowledge center

videos
seminars
information sheets
armstrong university


contact
shop now

















total solutions in steam and condensate, heat transfer, hot water and humidification.


>



featured products
for more information please contact us at sales@affiliatedsteam.com or (800) 424-5392
 



coils, fluid coolers & remote condensers
custom-fit replacement, measured in the field by affiliated steam & hot water experts. check your cooling coils now and avoid future problems. choose our quick, 5-day shipment or standard 4-week delivery.



nanobubble generator
 
a proven solution for the inhibition and removal of scale in hot water systems. the armstrong nanobubble generator significantly reduces scale which improves the overall health and efficiency of the hot water system.






bringing net zero within reach

armstrong makes it easier for you with a roadmap to decarbonization, tailored for your facilities and industry.
 
 
as the call to combat climate change gains momentum and the world moves towards decarbonization, net zero has become our shared destination. many companies are unsure of how to move forward and want a pragmatic, ready-to-implement solution. although there is a systematic methodology to decarbonization, what’s right for one facility may be wrong for another. armstrong is here to do what’s right for you.
 
learn more about decarbonization
 
click below for more information:
 
roadmap to decarbonization
thermal studies & mapping
decarbonization products & services
renewable energy sources







whatever your industry, we have the utility system solutions you need.
affiliated steam and hot water serves customers in a wide and varied range of industries, including: food processing, pharmaceuticals, concrete, laundry, healthcare, education, manufacturing, hospitality, and many more.










chemical & pharmaceutical











education











food & beverage











government











healthcare











heating & plumbing contractors











hospitality











industrial




view our services






we're the largest stocking distributor in the u.s. for many of our represented product lines.
maintaining an extensive inventory in multiple locations enables us to respond swiftly with the best solution for your needs.




featured product & promotions
5 reasons why you purchase coils from affiliated steam & hot water!







you obtain immediate pricing and quotations
you save expensive labor – to – install dollars
you save money on our fast shipment
you like our “re-design” capabilities
you have a feeling of confidence dealing with affiliated steam & hot water






featured product & promotions
control valves






the armstrong python 1500 series control valve, pneumatic & electric actuated, provides precision control for repeatability and safety in your processes.  increasing fuel costs require the most efficient pressure and temperature control and the armstrong python valve offers numerous options and accessories to meet your individual application requirements.
more info





view all products





throughout the midwest, industrial, commercial and institutional customers alike turn to us for the most dependable utility system solutions.
more than 60 years of in-depth knowledge and experience enables affiliated steam and hot water to provide customers with more effective solutions than anyone else in the region.




featured video
emergency heat exchanger replacement





heat exchanger tube bundle replacement from the original equipment manufacturer can be costly and have an unfortunately long lead time.
watch video




featured seminar
november 7-8, 2024 
seminar / northern wisconsin
 
join us in our “live steam training facility” in alsip, illinois. our program features a live steam board where you will actually see how steam works! discussion and live demonstration includes steam energy costs, water hammer, prv’s, steam coils & water heaters, line sizing, trap testing, humidifiers, and condensate pumps.  for more information and to register by phone please contact us at (708) 371-0600.
read more


visit the knowledge center




 






about us
products
services
knowledge center
contact
 



800.424.5392


sales@affiliatedsteam.com
















