














vauxhall vehicles | electric, hybrid, cars, suv & vans | vauxhall





































































































































build & price












 



discover the vauxhall range of vehicles
















































 


corsa









 




































 


new mokka





















































 


frontera
















































 


new grandland
















































 


astra

















































 


combo life electric
















































 


vivaro life electric































find your local retailer







 

























our all new, improved app




 
 
perfect for your new grandland! you can pre-condition your car, monitor charging, locate your vehicle and many more great functions!
 
download the app below:


ios app store


android store


















 

























energising a better britain




 
 
we've partnered with leading street charging operators to ensure motorists without driveways are not left behind in the transition to electric.  we're accelerating residential on-street charging across the country.
 
vauxhall is also partnering with london based company, jolt to provide new vauxhall electric vehicle customers with free charging during febraury.
 
find out more below


electric streets of britain


jolt partnership








 






































 




unleash the power of vauxhall with our exceptional range of cars and commerical vans, blending innovation, performance, and reliability. explore our electric vehicles, hybrid cars, suvs, and vans to experience outstanding quality firsthand. visit our dealers or browse online to find your perfect vehicle and take advantage of exclusive offers and personalised services. drive into the future with vauxhall.














 




jolt terms and conditions click here
 
vauxhall motors limited is an appointed representative of automotive compliance ltd, which is authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority (fca no 497010). automotive compliance ltd’s permissions as a principal firm allows vauxhall motors limited to act as an agent on behalf of the insurer for insurance distribution activities only.
 
vauxhall motors limited is acting as a credit broker and not as a lender and may introduce you to other credit brokers (vehicle retailers).  we will introduce you to stellantis financial services as a lender and we may receive a fixed commission for this introduction or no commission at all.  the vehicle retailer, acting as a credit broker, will receive from the lender a commission, fee, or other remuneration typically.  this may be in the form of a standard amount e.g. based on a fixed fee or fixed interest rates, campaigns or targets agreed between stellantis financial services and the credit broker.  alternative finance products may be available with different commission amounts and/or arrangements.  for more details, or if you think this will affect your decision to enter into an agreement, you should ask stellantis financial services or the vehicle retailer (acting as a credit broker) for further information.
 






















quote





test drive





price and spec guides





value my vehicle









vehicles



electric


plug-in hybrid


suvs


city cars


hatchback cars


7-seater cars


family cars


approved used cars


vans


future models


concept cars










quick links



order online


find a retailer


build & price


book a test drive


request a quote


value my vehicle


price and spec guides


book a service


newsletter





offers



electric offers


car offers


van offers


online offers


used offers


motability offers


business leasing offers


partners offers


finance explained





lifestyle



electric knowledge hub


latest news


vxr


vehicle awards





about



about vauxhall


customer excellence


stellantis careers


sustainability


how we use your data


help centre


contact us


　












find us on






























© 2025 vauxhall motors limited




wltp




adblue




modern slavery act




gender pay gap




privacy policy




cookie policy




legal




accessibility




vauxhall uk tax strategy




recycling




the motor ombudsman




cookie consent














 
cars
wltp figures shown are for comparison purposes and should only be compared to the fuel consumption and co2 values of other cars tested to the same technical standard. the fuel consumption achieved, and co2 produced, in real world conditions will depend upon a number of factors including, but not limited to: the accessories fitted (pre and post registration); variations in weather; driving styles and vehicle load. the wltp (worldwide harmonised light vehicles test procedure) is used to measure fuel consumption and co2 figures. the co2 figures display a range to reflect the highest value for the highest emitting version with all available options added, through to a minimum value to represent the lowest emitting version in standard specification. for more information contact your local vauxhall retailer.

combo/vivaro/movano
fuel consumption data and co2 emission data are determined using the wltp test cycle, and the relevant values are translated back to allow the comparability into nedc. the values do not take into account in particular use and driving conditions, equipment or options and may vary depending on the format of tyres. for more information contact your local retailer
whilst every effort is made to ensure the offer details are accurate and up to date, vauxhall reserves the right to change offers at any time. all offers are available at participating retailers only.

vauxhall endeavours to ensure that the contents of this site are accurate and up to date. however, products shown on this site may differ from the latest specification and images shown are for illustrative purposes only and may show optional equipment. customers are advised to check with their local retailer for the latest specification.



























questions?
        powered by velaro live chat
    












