








home | best dressed windows in town






home | best dressed windows in town












































 




aboutus

meet michele erceg
quality of life
service area


blinds, shutters& shades

blinds
shutters
shades
additional options


sales &promotions
fabric windowtreatments
styles of design
accessories& services
before& after
unconventionalcreativity
contactus
 


select page


  
 
 



 



 





home 







about us
meet michele erceg





blinds, shutters & shades
hunter douglas certified priority dealer




sales & promotions
$1,200 federal tax credit







fabric window treatments
add style to your home




styles of design
victorian to modern and everything in between





accessories & services
fabric design accents & broken shade repair







before & after
seeing is believing





unconventional creativity
display your collectibles





contact us
let’s really talk!





custom window treatments, blinds, shutters & shades
best dressed windows in town adds style and flair to your home’s decor with fabric window treatments, valances, cornices, blinds, shutters, and shades. owner michele erceg—skilled in sewing and carpentry—provides cheerful service, in-home consultation, and quality craftsmanship.
based in saratoga springs in upstate new york, best dressed windows in town installs custom window treatments from the albany-troy-schenectady area up through the clifton park-saratoga region and north to lake george and the southern adirondacks.
if you want your home to look its best, let michele decorate your rooms with innovative and beautiful window coverings. on request, she also creates matching accessories including pillows, slipcovers, bedspreads, and more. no job is too big or too small, and michele can offer you pricing options at “good, better and best” levels.
call best dressed windows in town today to discuss your project: 518.587.8988.
michele erceg has provided homeowners with custom-designed window treatments, blinds, shutters, and shades—based on creativity, quality, and service—since 1986.



your local certified hunter douglas priority dealer
when purchasing window treatments, you have many choices about how and where to buy them. you have the opportunity to help the growth of your local community by purchasing through best dressed windows in town, saratoga’s longest-operating locally owned drapery and window shade company. opened and operated by michele since 1986. if you choose to shop at the big-box stores, the national chain stores, or the window treatment franchises, the corporate profits go to “corporate headquarters” in places such as georgia, texas, or california. since the “corporate headquarters” of best dressed windows is at 43 york avenue in saratoga springs, your money stays right here in the community!

“i personally feel the need to give back. i am a small, local business and while i cannot always give to everyone who asks, i like to do what i can, if i can, when i can.”




local organizations we have contributed to:
best dressed windows has been fortunate to be patronized and supported by the community of saratoga springs since 1986. in return for this customer loyalty, best dressed windows has given back to these local non-profit, charitable organizations:
9/11 memorial statuecatholic charitiescenter for the familyfranklin community centerhabitat for humanityhistorical society of saratoga springshome made theatrerestoration of spit & spatsaratoga artssaratoga hospitalsaratoga springs preservation foundationshelters of saratogasaratoga warhorsethe children’s museumwellspring (formerly domestic violence/rape crisis center)
national organizations we contribute to:
disabled american veterans
in addition to the above support, michele erceg of best dressed windows also built the “santa cottage” used each year at christmas. she also made the decorations for the two city christmas trees which stand on either side of the cottage.



 

 
 
 




contact best dressed windows in town
43 york avenue
saratoga springs
ny 12866
a phone call to 518.587.8988 is the best way to contact michele erceg.
email michele erceg

member saratoga springs downtown business association
saratoga county chamber of commerce
window coverings association of america

photography a note from michele erceg about site photos:
"while i am a professional at designing and sewing custom window treatments, i am an amateur at photography. since no stock photography has been used on my site, i kindly ask that you please not judge my skills as a photographer too harshly!"

a little-known fact…. did you know that custom window treatments come in just three sizes?
1. too short
2. too long
3. just right
at best dressed windows in town, we believe that anything worth doing, is worth doing just right. we don’t cut corners, and neither should you. 

 




 

 
 
 
















