













welcome - granville inn















































 


 




hours
book a room

book a room
change/cancel reservation


dining
make a reservation
accommodations
weddings
meetings and events
golf club
attractions
history of inn
gift cards
accommodations





















 




book a room

book a room
change/cancel reservation


menu
dining reservations
hours
gift cards
 






|   phone: (740) 587-3333 







 





accommodations
dining
weddings
meetings and events
golf club
attractions
history of inn
 






 














enjoy the perfect blend of old-world charm and modern luxury 
							book my room 
							a boutique experience 
							 



refresh and restore in our gracious rooms with sumptuous linens 
							book my room 
							a boutique experience 
							 


design your perfect day in our beautiful venue 
							
learn more 
							celebrate your special moment 
							 



chef-inspired meals to delight your palate 
							see menu 
							savor the deliciousness
 
							 









welcome to the granville inn





built in 1924 for guests of nearby bryn du mansion and the golf club, the granville inn has been thoroughly renovated and updated. each of our 39 guestrooms and suites offers authentic details and luxury amenities.events & specials



whether you choose to explore the area’s natural beauty or stay to enjoy all the comforts of our storied property, we invite you to the granville inn to escape, connect, and relax.



february events at the granville inn


celebrating 100 years of the granville inn!











february events
valentine's cocktail class on february 6th at 6pm
murder mystery dinner on february 14th at 6pm
galentine's afternoon tea on february 16th at 3pm
join us for winter outdoor dining in one of our three themed greenhouses!


book event tickets here!stay with us


unmistakably elegant and incredibly comfortable, a stay at the granville inn is the perfect blend of old-world charm and modern convenience.

































view roomsevent venue





magical wedding in a historic propertyweddings



the granville inn is one of central ohio’s finest wedding destinations. couples fall in love with the warmth and beauty of our historic inn, its picturesque setting, grand ballroom, luxurious guest rooms and suites. let us help you bring your dreams to life.


more about weddings





magical wedding in a historic propertyweddings



the granville inn is one of central ohio’s finest wedding destinations. couples fall in love with the warmth and beauty of our historic inn, its picturesque setting just outside columbus, grand ballroom, luxurious guest rooms, and suites.


more about weddingslatest technology & audio-visual equipmentmeetings and events



we are a full-service accessible meeting facility with the latest technology & audio-visual equipment. we offer intimate conversation spaces and private meeting rooms as well as a grand ballroom for up to 130. your guests will enjoy the ultimate convenience — luxurious accommodations and outstanding dining options all in one location, with plenty of nearby parking.


more about event spaces





latest technology & audio-visual equipmentbanquets & conferences



we are a full-service meeting facility with the latest technology, audio-visual equipment, and an elevator for full accessibility. we offer conversation spaces and meeting rooms for just a few, as well as a grand ballroom for up to 130. your guests will enjoy the ultimate convenience—luxurious accommodations and outstanding dining options all in one location.


more about event spacesexplore the area





one of the top golf courses in central ohiodenison golf club



the denison golf club at granville was designed in 1924 by legendary scottish golf course architect donald ross. long noted as one of the best public courses in the midwest, the denison golf club is impeccably maintained and the bistro is an ideal place to enjoy some hearty fare at your 19th hole.


see more area attractionsone of the nation’s leading liberal arts collegesdenison university



denison university’s challenging academics, residential experience and professional skill-building opportunities create an advantage for graduates who go on to build lives of professional success and meaning.


more about denison university





one of the top golf courses in central ohiodenison golf club



the denison golf club at granville was designed in 1924 by legendary scottish golf course architect donald ross. long noted as one of the best public courses in the midwest, the denison golf club is impeccably maintained and the bistro is an ideal place to enjoy some hearty fare at your 19th hole.


see more area attractions
contact




granville inn
314 e broadway
granville, oh 43023




phone
+1 (740) 587-3333
email
info@granvilleinn.com





terms of use
privacy statement
accessibility policy



hours




continental breakfast
for inn guests:
7 a.m. - 10 a.m. daily




brunch:  saturday - sunday
10 a.m. - 2 p.m.




lunch:  friday
11a.m. - 2 p.m.




tavern dinner:  sunday - tuesday
4 p.m. - 8 p.m.
tavern menu available




dinner:  wednesday - saturday
4 p.m. - 9 p.m.
full menu available



daily dinner specials




monday: wine night
1/2 price wine by the bottle
with purchase of any entree




tuesday: smoked prime rib
served all night while it lasts




wednesday: burger & beer
rotating weekly smash burger,
shoestring fries, & pint of beer




thursday: flight night
$5 off rotating flights of
wines, beers, & bourbons




friday: smoked prime rib
served all night while it lasts




saturday: surf & turf for two
32 oz. tomahawk ribeye
& twin buttered lobster tails




sunday: smoked prime rib
served all night while it lasts





reservations encouraged, limited seating













 


© copyright 2022 · granville inn - denison university










 
























