














mental health | substance misuse | child well-being services | impower




















































































































 
 
donate
blog
in the news
career opportunities
 
























who we are

about impower
leadership
treatment philosophy
transparency
success stories
in the news
career opportunities
resources & downloads


programs & services

overview
outpatient mental health & substance misuse services
the village
the grove
alpha prevention program
juvenile drug court (seminole county)


get involved

ways to get involved
donate
volunteer
newsletter signup
the abell commitment to change award
donate items on the village wish list
request a speaker
apply for an internship


events

events overview
feb. 13: 2025 you rock awards
april 24: 2nd annual fore the village presented by adventhealth


forms

request for services
medical records request
new client forms


contact

contact us
locations


 

— main menu —who we are - about impower
- leadership
- treatment philosophy
- transparency
- success stories
- in the news
- career opportunities
- resources & downloads
programs & services - overview
- outpatient mental health & substance misuse services
- the village
- the grove
- alpha prevention program
- juvenile drug court (seminole county)
get involved - ways to get involved
- donate
- volunteer
- newsletter signup
- the abell commitment to change award
- donate items on the village wish list
- request a speaker
- apply for an internship
events - events overview
- feb. 13: 2025 you rock awards
- april 24: 2nd annual fore the village presented by adventhealth
forms - request for services
- medical records request
- new client forms
contact - contact us
- locations
 




 





 



 






 








now accepting florida blue insurance!


great news! impower now accepts florida blue insurance for outpatient counseling and psychiatric services. experience compassionate care with no waiting period. start your wellness journey today with impower!


make a referral now  




outpatient behavioral health services


impower is florida’s premiere telehealth provider for mental health, and substance misuse needs. 

services include psychiatric evaluations and treatment, assessments, individual and family counseling, medication management and substance misuse services.


sign up for services

learn more




support for teens: overcoming substance abuse together

is your teen struggling with substance abuse? we can help. 

immediate openings are available now at the grove, our youth residential center.   


learn more  




transitional housing for youth in need


hundreds of youth between the ages of 18-24 "age out" of foster care each year or are homeless struggling to survive.  the village, our transitional housing program is offering a solution. 


learn more 





your browser does not support the video tag.   donatededicated to the mission of changing lives by protecting, counseling, teaching, and inspiring individuals and families to reach their full potential.	   
 request services for outpatient therapy, psychiatric clinic or the grove
 
request services for the  village transitional housing program 












career opportunities
privacy policy
sitemap
auxillary aid services
 








copyright © 2021 impower. all rights reserved.  privacy policy 











 




















 