





	
	department of general services
















































































sign in




skip to main content

            
            
            
            







sacramento county

                            
                            
                            
                            









live / visit

                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


business

                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


government

                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    














general services
                                
                                
                                
                                





it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.














toggle navigation

                        
                        
                        
                        










text only

                                
                                
                                
                                






county program access information
						    
                                










home

                                
                                
                                
                                






contract & purchasing
                            
                            
                            
                            




parking
                            
                            
                            
                            




real estate
                            
                            
                            
                            




contact us
                            
                            
                            
                            




text only

                                
                                
                                
                                






county program access information
						    
                                




















surplus property





electric vehicle chargers





goods & services





construction bids












page content​​department of general services (dgs)the department of general services provides facility and fleet maintenance services for the county, as well as central purchasing and contract management, printing and scan services, interoffice mail, surplus property management, warehousing, facility planning and design services, real estate management and construction inspection and management.general services is a customer driven organization – our mission is provide top quality facility and fleet management, and superior support services to more than 11,000 county employees in 38 departments.
facility planning & management includes 
      architectural services, master planning, county owned and leased space planning, energy management, lease development and environmental stewardship of county owned facilities.
facility operations encompasses 3 maintenance districts that maintain almost 6 million square feet of county owned facilities and equipment, as well as custodial and security services.
fleet operations manages the acquisition and maintenance for 3,200 light and heavy fleet vehicles and equipment, as well as the 
      

county parking enterprise.
department administration includes information technology support, budget development, accounting, allocated cost plan, as well as support services (print/scan services, mail messenger, and warehousing).

contract and purchasing services division (capsd) is a central purchasing activity supporting all county departments, and purchases lease goods, contracts for professional services, independent contractors, and construction services.dgs is an internal service agency that manages programs to support all county departments. as “the heart of the county”, dgs staff provide valuable support services that ensure the other, more public, county departments can perform their missions effectively and efficiently.
joshua green,​director of general servicescontact us:
9660 ecology lane, 

sacramento, ca 95827​916-876-6192dgsweb@sac​county.gov 




















contract & purchasing
                            
                            
                            
                            




parking
                            
                            
                            
                            




real estate
                            
                            
                            
                            




contact us
                            
                            
                            
                            













connect with sacramento county

                                
                                
                                
                                








gain access to saccounty news!
                            
                            
sign up >
                            
                            





translation disclaimer
                                
                                















website policies & use

                                
                                
                                
                                





 |                                                                                                                                                                 contact us

                                
                                
                                
                                





 |                                                                                                                                                                 report a problem

                                
                                
                                
                                





 |                                                                                                                                                                 connect with us

                                
                                
                                
                                





 | © sacramento county                                                                                                                                            

















