



art, music, advertising, web | blue turtle art company : minneapolis, st. paul, edina minnesota






















  


about who we are
services what we do  
portfolio work we've done 
links work we like 
contact get in touch





welcome ... 
        to blue turtle art company
blue turtle art is a small creative company, established 20 years ago as a family business. our individual resources include musicians, writers, web designers, photographers, artists and illustrators, an art historian and a communications professional.
our work includes web development and maintenance for corporations and organizations, graphic and creative art & design, musical events & performance, promotional advertising and project management.


cocktail coasters








  



services



advertising & marketing
              identify & target your market. develop and execute a plan to reach them and promote your business. contract it all with t&t advertising.



music & events
              our band of praise is a dedicated new orleans style jazz  brass band in  minnesota. we book all kinds of music and music events.




some of our work

anchor iron company
baltimore jam
band of praise
florida science communications, inc.
just friends big band
nelson masonry & concrete 
sax power
t&t creative
wines by the class




portfolio

art
advertising
music
web






























































september 2017



5

  the bill simenson orchestra 
            they play bill's compositions on the first tuesday of every month at the jazziest venue in town - jazz central in minneapolis. they're dang good.



8

 national ambersand day 
            use it to excess & enjoy the beauty of this squiggly little character.   live long & prosper.    



17

 the flaming lips
              at the myth in maplewood. bring your vaseline.




links we like













  






primary contacts

blue turtle art company
            minneapolis, minnesota
e-mail: info@artweb.org




contact us. 
        tell us what you need. 
        we'll help you get there. 



privacy
our web server stores log files to record visits to the website in order to generate website visitor statistics and analyze website performance. this is common to most websites. none of this information is displayed publicly, and only the webmaster of this website normally views the information. server administrators have access but are unlikely to view it. the information should be assumed to remain permanently on the server. we do not automatically collect other information about you from this website or install cookies in your browser. if you send us an email or complete a contact request form, your information will be used for our follow up of your request, and your email address may be added to our email list  for informational purposes. if you don't want to  hear from us, tell us and we'll delete your address. we do not store site visitor's e-mail addresses or other information on our server, and visitor information is never sold, shared or otherwise distributed in any way, to anyone.
legal
all content of this website is copyright blue turtle art company. any use requires prior written permission.



copyright 2014, blue turtle art company | privacy & legal













