kapama private game reserve - kapama safari lodges 
homeeastern cape nature reservefree state nature reservekwazulu natal nature reservelimpopo nature reservekololo game reservemapungubwe national parkmarakele national parkmoholoholo nature reservewelgevonden game reservekarongwe private game reservekapama private game reservekapama river lodgekapama karula lodgekapama buffalo campkapama southern campkapama kruger homesteadjabulanimpumalanga nature reservenorthern cape nature reservenorth west nature reservewestern cape nature reservenature reserves near townspopular selectionswildlifecamping guidetravel tips & advicewhat to do travel guidesnature reserves experiencesgeographic regionshistoryhomelimpopo nature reservekapama private game reservekapama private game reserveat kapama private game reserve in south africa you can experience the thrill of big five wildlife safaris and the comfort of luxury kapama safari lodges.if you’re looking for safari lodges in kapama game reserve, you’re in the right place. we have a collection of hand-selected kapama safari lodges guaranteed to tick all the right boxes.
located in limpopo province between the blyde river valley and kruger national park, this wildlife arena offers a fine mix of luxury kapama safari lodges and camps from where you can venture off to search for the big 5. but the elephant interaction at jabulani may be your most memorable.
from your sanctuary in the wild, you can head out on game drives led by expert rangers, tracking the elusive leopard or witnessing herds of elephants gracefully moving through the savannah. 
kapama private game reserve offers complimentary transfers to and from hoedspruit airport, which is just 10 minutes’ drive from the reserve entrance. kapama air offers luxury flights from johannesburg and cape town in a private pilatus pc-12 aircraft that takes you right to kapama's doorstep.
kapama boasts one of the finest safari spas in south africa - retreat to the wellness centre at kapama river lodge, where you can watch wildlife while relaxing during various spa treatments.  the kapama spa overlooks an active waterhole and has beautiful decks and gazebos as well as a stunning infinity rim pool.
kapama private game reserve is perfect for a wedding and ideal for a safari honeymoon. imagine romantic dinners under the stars, being pampered at the kapama spa and falling asleep to the sounds of african night on a romantic sleepout platform.
stay in luxury kapama safari lodges that seamlessly blend in with the natural surroundings promising an authentic safari adventure with modern comforts. family-friendly kapama accommodation is offered in kapama game reserve. customized bush bumble drives for kids under 6 ensuring the whole family can enjoy the kapama safari experience.
for a unique perspective, take to the skies on a hot air balloon safari, where the vastness of kapama game reserve unfolds beneath you.

our destination experts know this region like the back of their hand and will quickly work their magic, crafting your perfect kapama safari itinerary.
ready to get started? stay at kapama safari lodgeskapama river lodgekapama river lodge offers 5-star safari accommodation in the scenic kapama private game reserve in south africa....morekapama karula lodgekapama karula lodge offers a private and secluded setting along the klaserie river in big five territory. kapama karula spa is a haven...morekapama buffalo campat kapama buffalo camp in kapama game reserve you will experience tented luxury up in the treetops accessed by elevated wooden walkways...morekapama southern campkapama southern camp is  a family-friendly safari lodge in kapama private game reserve, where you will feel right at home while on safari....morekapama kruger homesteadexperience the ultimate private safari in your own exclusive-use 3-bedroom villa in kapama private game reserve complete with swimming pool,...morejabulanijabulani in the kapama private game reserve is home to respectful elephant interaction and offers guests luxurious accommodation....moretoggle navigationenquire(current)  enquire(current)         south africa nature reserves : game reserves and national parks  customer support tel: +27 21 424 1037 fax: +27 21 424 1036 contact by mail business hours mon - fri. 08:00 - 17:00 saturday. 08:00 - 12:00 booking reservations and bookings booking conditions visa and passport about siyabona africa (pty) ltd   popular pages tsitsikamma national park blyde river canyon nature reserves near durban cape vidal accommodation de hoop nature reserve camping with children nature reserve travel guides   nature reserves by region kwazulu-natal free state eastern cape limpopo northern cape western cape mpumalanga north west kruger national park   ©2024 siyabona africa (pty)ltd - booking south africa nature reserves game reserves and national parks   privacy settings


