 










mountain lumber company – reclaimed and new harvest custom flooring


































































 we serve clients nationwide: 1.800.445.2671 | 434.985.3646
 






 









 




flooring
walls made easy
about us

frequently asked questions




careers
contact us
 

flooring
walls made easy
about us

frequently asked questions
shipping
installation


careers
contact us
 









 








search:





















custom made simplereclaimed and wide plank flooring, paneling and millworkproductscontact useasy installationwall claddingauthenticexpertly crafted in americaproductscontact ustimeless elegancecontact us 



where every floor has a story to tell









flooring 

 


we believe every floor should be unique. that is why we custom-make our reclaimed and newly-sawn floors. our expert prefinishing team will hand texture and custom finish your floor to create any desired look.

 
explore flooring









wall cladding

 


our in-house manufacturing gives us the flexibility to adapt any product to suit commercial projects. for fast installation, we offer shiplap 3d profile wall cladding, custom pre-finishing, and engineered alternatives for all mountain lumber floors.

 
learn more



custom crafted

 for beautiful & unique flooring
1floor constructionchoose either engineered or solid wood flooring.2wood selectionchoose from oak, heart pine, hickory, walnut and maple3custom colorchoose one of our signature colors or create your own.4textureanything from smooth to saw-marked5finishadd your desired level of sheen and protection


customer testimonials

 you’re in the best of hands.
we have thoroughly enjoyed working with mountain lumber company and are thoroughly impressed with their customer service and attention to detail.  

our most recent project included reclaimed barn wood shiplap, reclaimed beams, all interior stair components, and reclaimed solid hardwood flooring.  we were able to sit down with mountain lumber and our client to select custom samples and stain that matched the new home vision. 

during the construction phase, mountain lumber company delivered items to the site when needed and we were able to order additional material without issue.  the owner of the company even made a site visit to inspect the work and introduce himself.

it has been a true pleasure working with mountain lumber company and we look forward to incorporating their unique products in our future projects- jefferson area builderslegacy cabinets and millwork teamed up with mountain lumber company to provide wall paneling for a commercial construction project in charlottesville, va.  from start to finish, the entire mountain lumber company was very responsive to phone calls and emails.  the customer service and products provided by mountain lumber company was top notch.- legacy cabinets and millworkwe have been doing business with mountain lumber company for over 2 years and their level of quality and customer service, is second to none. the team is always willing to go above and beyond to provide the species, grades, sorts, and on-time deliveries, we need in a quality focused and extremely consistent manner. they are the best in the business at what they do.- elias tannous, ceo, t & t woodworkersmountain lumber offers superior quality on all levels. as a builder they cater to all of my needs from entry level to high end custom.  they go above and beyond to make my experiences great.- chad blantonwe have mountain lumber's wood throughout our brewery and couldn't be happier with it. the product is extremely high quality and gorgeous. working with the staff was wonderful. i even had the opportunity to visit the factory and was wildly impressed with the staff's dedication to their craft.- josey w.we have had the pleasure of working with mountain lumber on two separate projects.  for each, they crafted a custom table for our clients that exceeded all of our expectations.  the craftsmanship, quality and attention to detail is remarkable.  working with their team is a dream - so thoughtful, so willing to go above and beyond and very professional.  we are already working on the next project with them and cannot wait to see the outcome!  having a team of professionals that we can count on to build such beautiful furniture makes our projects that much more successful!- jessica w.“mountain lumber was our first consideration for montpelier. the specifications were precisely matched and the quality of the milling exceptional. the storied character of mountain lumber floors enhanced our restoration efforts greatly. 

thank you!”- john jeanes “my wife and i are very pleased with the way the floor came out. everyone that has seen it has complimented on how fantastic it looks. the way it was finished really brings out the character of the wood. we couldn’t more pleased with our choice.”- mike sacco 


our clients

 we've worked with the best!
tell us about your project to get started on a custom mountain lumber floor!contact us



 
 








february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« oct
 
 
 



social 
 find us on facebook

 find us on instagram

 visit us on houzz

 



address 
200 w. 12th st unit f, waynesboro, va 22980
1.800.445.2671 | 434.985.3646
rebekah@mountainlumber.com
hours:
by appointment only
 



recent projects 

 










©2019 mountain lumber company, inc.




home
contact us
 






 
 























































































