




































    nyla dance competitions | positive dance experience
  














          


       registration


   awards



  rules + regulations



  nyla faculty / staff





  tour dates








   contact info 212-222-2772dance@nyladance.com





       






 



      
    registration


   awards



  rules + regulations



  nyla faculty / staff







   tour dates











       welcome to
 n☆y☆l☆a dance
  conventions & competitions﻿
   

register




 
     welcome

  we strive for a truly positive experience


 wanna dance? we help our dancers grow with a sense of community, scholarship, education and competition by measuring success through expression, inspiration, dedication and career development.


  






 
     


   ☆ competitions


 nyla dance competitions’ mission is to have a positive approach to complete artistic expression in all styles of dance. this level of competition enables the dancer to improve their skills by competing with others and learning how to apply themselves in both dance and their everyday lives.


   ☆ conventions


 nyla dance conventions offer a personal approach to education by providing professionally trained instructors, choreographers, and teachers who work with the dancers to provide a one-on-one type of environment that helps the dancer to learn new skills and techniques. we seek to provide nothing but supportive and positive environments for our dancers to do their best in all areas of dance. nyla dance is committed to bringing a fusion of both coasts together through east coast and west coast dance styles by offering a contemporary and traditional focus. classes are always optional at regionals and required at nationals, but we only suggest that our students take the classes that we offer to have the most well rounded dance experience with nyla dance faculty and staff.






 
      our mission


  complete artistic expression in all styles of danceachieve personal creative goals and improvement of skillsbuilding a stronger dance community through fair judgingcompetitions by recognizing that both performance and technique go hand-in-hand


 


     



   




    



   









    rules



         




  observer fees
 convention onlyanyone without a wristband is considered an observer and must pay applicable fees.﻿competitionno admission fee to watch your amazing children perform.



       





  chaperones
 convention + competitiondancers under the age of 12 must have a parent / legal guardian present.



      



  photo + video
 convention no video or flash photography allowed during classes.competitionnon-flash photography and video is allowed at competitions.





        



  behavior
 convention + competitionn.y.l.a. dance will not tolerate rude or disruptive behavior from its participants. this is enforced during the entire convention/competition facility which includes classroom, dressing room, ballrooms, auditoriums, on/off stage, hallways, and lobbies just to name a few.



      



  bracelet / photo i.d.
 convention onlyeveryone must have an i.d. bracelet during convention. any lost bracelet or removal of the bracelet will result in full repayment of registration fee. there will be no refunds! no exceptions!



      



  age restrictions
 convention onlyno children under the age of 6 in convention classrooms.





        



  safety concerns
 convention + competitionno large bags or luggage in classroom or hallway areas since some of our spaces are on theater stages.



      



  refunds
 convention + competitiononce you are registered, there will be no refunds authorized but studio can receive a credit towards future events.









    
     

 presentswww.thepurposedanceconventions.com﻿

 

     

 






    

nyla awards


 pdf downloads

   

nyla rules


   

biloxi nationals


   

shreveport nationals



  212-222-2772dance@nyladance.com

 trademark of new york los angeles dance conventions & competitions
corefusion is a registered tm of skip costa 2003-2023

   © 2025 
all rights reserved | nyla dance





















































































































  
  share by:








