





kitchens, baths, faucets, sinks, lighting and chandeliers at fergusonshowrooms.com 














  









































x
locations finder
please enter your zip code to find your nearest ferguson showroom.











 









 







we apologize for any inconvenience.  local pricing, and availability is currently 
			not available for the zip code entered.
 for local pricing and availability please contact your nearest 
			ferguson showroom or contact customer service at 800-638-8875.
















shop at build with ferguson
find your local showroom










create a space you love to live in 
book an appointment at your local showroom at build with ferguson
get started






creating the home of your dreams is an exciting process, and we help keep it that way.















product selections made easy with the largest selection of latest and greatest products






one-on-one consultation experience provided via scheduled appointment.









top quality world-class products and exclusives.









5 tips to make the most of your consultation
before your appointment:

get inspired
what styles, colors and products are you drawn to? shop by look on build with ferguson to view curated projects.


organize your favorites
use the build with ferguson project tool to save products and organize them by project or room.


assemble your team
make sure you have a contractor and/or designer you can count on.  find top professionals in your area by consulting the home builders association, national association of remodeling industry, and american society of interior designers.


focus on the details
gather together any plans, blueprints, or measurements you have so we can help you select the perfect products.


establish a budget
setting a budget and timeline before you start will help keep your project on track.






view some of our beautiful showrooms








































sign up to receive emails about product launches, trends and more

sign up












programs

financing
trade professionals
true blue protection plan
showroom insider





find a location
connect with us


need help? contact us






 







copyright © 2025, ferguson enterprises, llc all rights reserved.


site privacy
site terms of use
ca privacy rights










