



s.d. lawrence ltd. — livejournal






















































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































jerronimo
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














jerronimo







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement












recent entries friends archive profile
add to friends rss

jerronimo

s.d. lawrence ltd.
attorney at cheese




mouth silencejerronimoaugust 3rd, 2014current mood:perplexed(revised august 8th, 2014)just felt like i needed to catalog all of the eggs i've found/heard about with neil cicierga's awesome remix album, "mouth silence".1. the album cover shows neil giving the "silence" gesture( spoilerscollapse )2. the comments field of the mp3 files' id3 information spells out a message when the tracks are arranged in a certain order.( spoilerscollapse )3. track 9, "transmission" contains a series of numbers, which when decoded also refer to something smash mouth related.( spoilerscollapse )4. track 19, "piss" contains morse code for "some body once told me" https://twitter.com/wrathematician/status/4921275198987304975. there are hidden audible messages in certain key points in the mix, which are disguised as ominous rumbling noises. ( spoilerscollapse )



leave a commentshareflag







medsjerronimodecember 16th, 2013changes i've noticed since i've been on medication. (including some from the previous post)my head is quieter... i don't get distracted as easilyi have better attention to read longer things without randomly thinking about other thingssimilarly, i can 'think' a song from beginning to end. previously, i'd be thinking the words/melody, but my brain woud constantly race ahead of itself and i'd skip around... or i'd forget i was thinking the song, and think about something elsewhen i sit in my chair at work, i sit with better posturei'm more awake in the mornings and night on less coffeethings that used to give me anxiety/stress do so less. i can almost shrug them off. of course when that was a primary motivator to get things done, suddenly that motivation is gone.when i look at text, i see the letters more literally and less symbolically (i can't read upside-down well anymore)when i "zone out" which doesn't happen often, instead of defocusing on something far away, it get sharper



leave a commentshareflag










medsjerronimodecember 14th, 2013as of a couple months ago, i've been on wellbutrin.  this has helped quiet some of the noise in my head, and has made things a bit clearer.for example, literally clearer are trees and things in the distance, because instead of my eyes defocusing and glazing, they pinpoint in on something "out there."the one i find the most interesting, took me some time to realize what was going on.  i tend to process images as what they literally/actually are, rather than what they represent.  for example, trying to read upside-down.  before, the text looked fuzzy, and i could kind of flip the characters over in my mind, and read upside down quite well.  now, the letters come in sharp, and they just look like upside-down letters.  it's significantly more difficult to read upside down.on the other hand, my mind doesn't wander when i read something long.  in the past, a couple of pages in to *anything*, and i'll be thinking of something else with my eyes still moving.  now, i can get through lots of text without a problem.  and if my mind wanders, i realize it immediately and am able to go right back in.  when i used to read stories to jasper at night, i'd constantly be stumbling over words to speak what i was reading, whereas now, i can read through books outloud quickly without any stumbling at all.so, trade off better right-side up reading for no upside-down reading ability? that's a deal i'm happy to take.



leave a commentshareflag







focus with a short depth of fieldjerronimonovember 2nd, 2013today, at barcamp rochester i was taking a lot of pictures using the nikon d70 with the 35mm f/1.8 lens. (fast, with a small depth of field.)  when shooting with this lens, i leave the aperture at f/1.8, because if i wanted to lose that look, i'd just take pictures with my iphone. (35mm * 1.52 = 53.2mm effective field of view)but i've realized something when looking through the pictures today...i do have it set to lock the metering when i hold the ae-l button on the back, so that i can pick a point to meter on...  i also have it set for af-s, that is, it takes the focus reading once when you half-click down the shutter, so that i can focus for a point, then compose the shot.but that's the problem.  for many of these, i picked a focus point in the middle, depth-wise, of the shot, without really thinking about where the focus would be with regard to composition, or the subject of the photo.  being that two people standing side by side can have one in focus and the other not, this is something very important to consider when composing and focusing for a shot.the lack of consideration of this on a bunch of the shots make them a bit distracting/confusing to look at.i'm really glad that i've shot a few hundred shots with the camera since i got it a few weeks back, because i think i'm mostly at the point now where if i think about something i want the camera to do, that i know it can do... that i can make it happen.  i also am starting to get the muscle memory to know where the switches, knobs and buttons are on the thing.  i'm really starting to feel comfortable with it... and the 35mm prime lens on it makes it nice and light, to boot!as a sidenote, i'm starting to post pictures that i really like, that i've taken with this lens to this tumblr blog (53point2mm).



2 commentsleave a commentshareflag










jlj clientjerronimonovember 2nd, 2013weird.  my livejournal client 'jlj' (last updated january 2006) doesn't seem to be logging in, even though it has the correct user/password combination.  i wonder if something changed on the server.. i don't even know where to look for that anymore.. hrmtags: jlj



leave a commentshareflag










medsjerronimoseptember 20th, 2013so, i'm on drugs now.  well, medication for add-pi, wellbutrin...
but technically, it is a drug.  here are some changes i've noticed
in myself.  it's likely that they all are real changes, and not
placebo effects... although to be honest, i don't really care which
it is.  it's working for me.
good:

focus in meetings - i end up focusing on the person talking, sharply
instead of zoning out and defocusing my eyes, i end up sharply focused on something.
i can get up out of bed much quicker in the morning
i know that i have all of these responsibilities, but instead of being worried about them, i just know they're there... they're not heavy on my shoulders anymore.
i generally feel more upbeat, and less "ugh"
emails i write happen much quicker, and are much wordier than before, like i want to say more and i get it out.

bad:

fingers and feet are a very little bit tingly sometimes
stomach is a very little bit queasy at times

i'm sure there's more, but i can't think of it right now.



3 commentsleave a commentshareflag










me and portable recordingjerronimoapril 23rd, 2013current mood: nostalgicever since i was a kid, i loved making audio recordings.
i remember
borrowing a cassette recorder from my 3rd grade class (i think it
was 3rd grade) and walking around my neighborhood with a microphone,
recording various things.  i may still have tapes of this somewhere.
i should find and capture those tapes...
my dad got a small portable panasonic? sanyo? recorder at some point, which i
used for a while, and i picked up hand-me-down cassette recorders
along the way as well.  i had recorded thunderstorms at home, or
while camping, as well as "shows" of whatever.  i had recorded fake
commercials with my across-the-street neighbor, brian, as well as
various other things with him.  i of course used the cassette 
recorders to load and save programs from my texas instruments as well.
back then i knew that i liked doing this stuff, and had always wanted 
an olympus pearlcorder microcassette recorder.  there was something
about them, so small, that i really liked.  in high school, i did 
eventually get a radio shack microcassette recorder, and i had transferred
some monty python recordings onto a long-play tape, and some morrissey
onto the other side of the tape.  it sounded horrible, but it was mine.
for a while, i had a "portable" sony reel-to-reel deck which i loved
the sound quality on.  i recorded a show with my friend dan, which
i had eventually thought i would convert to cd when i heard about
the fancy new tandy cd recorder that was out on the horizon.
i made, and then eventually bought a better recording interface for
my amiga, but somehow never made the connection that i could record
live-audio with it.  i wish i had.
later in college, i picked up a sony stereo recording walkman.  that 
came with a small stereo lapel mic, and i had recorded a few things 
with that, including the "loews jingle" ("thank you for coming to loews!
sit back and relax... enjoy the show!") as well as a few movies i went
to, including mallrats, because why not.  i had considered at this time
to buy a sony portable dat recorder, but thankfully i decided not to 
get it.
at one point, i borrowed a minidisc recorder from boba, which i recorded 
some conversations with friends about software/game design, as well as 
on another camping trip.  there were issues with that one though, in that
even though it recorded digital, i couldn't get the files off of the 
deck digitally.  it was frustrating.  i eventually analog-recorded the 
output from it and saved that as mp3s.
when the ipod revolution came, i eventually got a 
belkin tune talk 
microphone device from my friends at belkin, which was good, but i
still didn't do much self-recording.  i did build a "bootleg-mic"
for my iphone that has a lessened gain on it to record live 
concerts and such.  
it wasn't until recently that my love of portable recording was
once again rekindled when i found in the recycle pile at work, a
sony icd-px820 digital voice recorder.  i love this thing.  it's
tiny (about half the width of my iphone), records excellent quality
(up to 192k mp3), has a mic input which i'm still exploring, can
play back mp3 files as well... i've put some music i like onto it
as a "just in case' kind of thing.  it's also excellent in that it
keeps time, so i alwayus know when something was recorded.  it can
split recordings, etc.  and like typical sony design, all of the
controls feel different, so it's easy to use without light. i just
love this little thing.
i'm considering using it to do a short (2 minute?) podcast, or at least
to do personal recordings once a day to help clear my head.  i've already
used it a few times in the car to capture notes while i was driving.



5 commentsleave a commentshareflag







amiga restoration and presentationjerronimomarch 28th, 2013current mood: nostalgiccurrent music:dole whip streamthe plan...
since this is more substantial than a twitter or facebook thing,
but not really a completed "project" for my geodesicsphere blog
thing, i thought i'd just post this here.
the effort started out as something fun to do for barcamp in a month.  the
crazy idea was:  

an old video camera hooked up to the video input on my amiga 1300 genlock, plugged into my amiga 1000 computer
the amiga 1000 would be running deluxe paint, or something similar
people would draw over live imagery
the output of the genlock is hooked to the video input of my canon optura xi
the xi can save screengrabs of the video to jpegs on its sd card
eyefi sd card is installed in the xi
eyefi software drops the new images into a folder in my dropbox
ifttt script looks for new images, and posts them to tumblr.

live screengrabs of people being silly posted to tumblr, using
technology that spans back to 1985.
the main problem starting out is that my amiga 1000 keyboards were
lost in the basement... i hadn't seen them since before we moved.
i did eventually find them, along with my amiga 500, weller soldering
iron, and a few other bits that i hadn't seen since 2008.
the other main issue was that i didn't want to leave my original
hard drive sitting there on the barcamp table. i wanted to dupe it,
and simplify the setup a bit. 
presenting...
at the same time i decided that my barcamp presentations would be
authored using deluxe paint and deluxe video probably.  i loved the
old look of them.  since i found the a500 (and a day later, its
power supply), my plan is that i will make a self-booting playback
diskette contaning the presentations.  i walk up to the podium,
plug in my amiga, get its video output going to the projector (in
this case, i'll use an a520 or supergen for color video output). then
the presentation will start, and i'm displaying 320x200 to the big screen.
hilarity ensues.
it's still unclear whether the podium has a valid composite video
input, so i will also do screencaps through the xi, or capture a
video of the slides and use that to present with, playing it back
on my iphone or something.  either way, this shouldn't be a problem.
genlock machine..
i got a couple of blank scsi drives (100-400meg) from my officemate,
and the plan was to format one, copy everything from my 100 and 150
to it, and use that.
so i plugged in one of the new scsi drives, replacing dh1: on my amiga's
dataflyer 1000 scsi chain.  it found it, formatted it, then proceeded to 
quickformat over dh0:'s bootblock, wiping that drive clean, losing everything
on it.
after some net scouring and questioning at amiga.org, i found that
the tool i need to use is dave haynie's "disk salv".  i want to use
the latest version, so that means i need os 2.0.  my a1000 can't
easily boot to 2.0 -- i need software-based rom tools which i cannot
find (or they're on that hard drive).  i can use the a500 but it
has a 1.3 chip in it.  i have an a2000, with 2.0, but the machine
is very flaky right now.  i don't trust it to repair a hard drive.
the a2000 also is missing a keyboard.  i was all set to make an
a1000 - a2000 keyboard adapter, but then i decided to go a different
route.
the a500 was missing its denise video chip, so i popped the denise out of the a2000, as well as its rom.  booted it up, red screen.  (rom issue)  i soldered on the standard amiga 500 rom jumper from pin 1 to pin 31 (the a500 is wired correctly for 256k roms, but not 512k roms). now, it booted up perfectly.
data transfer
next i needed to figure out how to get software onto it.  there were a few ways it could be done, in my arsenal.

serial network + amiga explorer (cloanto) - i can't find my cloanto discs, so this was out as an option.
serial network + zolatransamiga (free) - the first thing i tried
pc 720 low density floppy

for the serial network, i found my old 9-25 adapter, and rewired
it to be correct.  it seemed to work on the a500, but i wanted to
use it on the a1000.  i built a db25m-m gender changer so i could
do this. (only to find a storebought one the next day.)  i was able
to get the receive software over, but it wouldn't work with the
serial port properly.  after a lot of futzing on the a1000 and a500
in 1.3 and 2.0, i gave up on this option.
next was the super low tech 720k floppy.  i borrowed a usb floppy
drive to format some old dsdd floppies, and use them to transfer
stuff from my mac to the amiga.  after a few hours of failed
formatting, i learned that usb floppy drives don't support non-hd
(1.4meg) disks.  amiga has low density drives.  this means that i
need to use an older windows machine that has support for floppies.
i dug out my old toshiba libretto, popped in a floppy, formatted
it 720k, and it's finally good to go!  the only problem is that the
libretto uses  the pcmcia port for its floppy drive... which is
where the network interface plugs in, so this can't work for the
long run.
i may need to dig out my old thinkpad, drop in its floppy, perhaps
reinstall win95, and use that.  or perhaps dig out my old windows 
desktop pc, and use that since it has network and floppy. 
once i have that, i can use floppies as a conduit to get adfs of 
presentations over to the a1000 to be burned to disks, and more
importantly, to get disksalv over onto a floppy to fix the a1000.
the next step then is to restore that drive, reformat the new drive,
with it as the only one in the system, and then restart with all disks, 
copying over everything to the new drive, and then refreshing it back
to the original disk.  
phew!



leave a commentshareflag










conflictedjerronimofebruary 13th, 2013after the last post, i just realized how i have a lot of conflicted ideas 
right now.
tiki/polynesian/hawaiian/warm stuff fascinates me, but at the same
time, arctic/antarctica/icebergs/cold stuff does too.
i love technology and playing with it, but i also love having none.
i wish i had no "stuff" and "junk" and yet, i can't get rid of any of it easily.
i love having time to myself, but i love spending time with the family.
i want to get out and do stuff, but i want to sit and do nothing.
i want to watch movies, but i never feel like watching movies.
etc...
what's wrong with me?



2 commentsleave a commentshareflag







ice and skyjerronimofebruary 13th, 2013current mood:sombercurrent music:enya - "the longships"while reading a book to jasper, "lost and
found" by oliver jeffers, i got reminded of a dream, or at least
a theme i've had in dreams in the past few years.
there's something about that boy and that penguin on a boat, by
themselves in the middle of the ocean, or perhaps near that iceberg,
with the deep blue sky above them, and no one else around, that
reminds me.
i've had dreams where i'm in scandinavia or svalbard or in russia's
northeast, where i'm around this sort of cold, beautiful nothingness
around me.  the skies are clear and deep blue.  the ground is usually
permafrost, a little rocky, small moss or lichens, shallow puddles
of water or ice.  the air is cool and crisp.  there is no one around 
and no indication that anyone ever was.  it is beautiful and lonely.
it's more of a feeling, a vague memory of the dream's environment, rather 
than actual events that happen there. like many dreams, that's all there is.
i feel like it was somewhat influenced by the movie l'iceberg
but i'm not sure.  it's been years since i've seen it, and i now
feel the need to re-watch it.  i don't think i'd had this dream/theme
before seeing the film.  from what i can remember, and i'm not sure
if i've fabricated this memory, but the film had that kind of
stage-play feel that dreams have.  like it's in that uncanny-valley
of reality.  you feel like something is wrong or out of place,
especially in retrospect, but in the moment, everything feels
appropriate.tags: dreams



leave a commentshareflag








previous 10






archive
aug2014

smtwtfs


     12
3456789
10111213141516
17181920212223
24252627282930
31      



page summary

mouth silencemedsmedsfocus with a short depth of field — 2 commentsjlj clientmeds — 3 commentsme and portable recording — 5 commentsamiga restoration and presentationconflicted — 2 commentsice and sky




linksmorning coffeemy audio podcastmy video podcastgallery (my recent pictures)umlaut llama make a new postmy userpicsmy userinfoarchive calendar



tags
amiga, apple, arduino, cabrio, car, coding, contest, ds, editing, electronics, exercise, film, games, geek, hacking, hacks, hardware, home repair, ibook, ij2fi, iphone, ipl, ipod, ipodlinux, ipodmame, itunes, lazyweb, lias, lists, mac, macosx, meme, movies, music, nin, nostalgia, pac, pismo, podcast, processing, repair, reviews, running, software, tivo, tron, video, wasp, work, z50, … 


comments

jerronimo4 nov 2013, 01:50focus with a short depth of fieldin the menus, there's a selection of things that that button can do. i have mine set on ae lock or whatever. :)mhaithaca3 nov 2013, 23:32focus with a short depth of fieldisn't that an awesome lens!? i really miss mine, and need to get another one eventually. just hard to justify the $200 right now.so that's what that ae-l button is for. :-) i've never really…jerronimo23 sep 2013, 15:08medshahaha... well, for my location, i usually use "valparaiso, burundi" which of course doesn't exist... but yes... i got valparaiso from wipeout... i don't remember it being any better or worse than…patrickwonders23 sep 2013, 14:39medsthose "good" things all sound good.  that's cool.off topic:  i drove to pennsylvania and back this weekend.  there is an exit on i-80/i-90 in indiana that always makes me think of you for two…jerronimo21 sep 2013, 23:24medsyah.are you taking wellbutrin also?



        powered by livejournal.com









































