carolyne taylor spiritdancerpromote your page too




spiritdancer








spiritdancer

therapies, readings and bellydance

therapeutic counselling, reiki healing, elemental hand reading (palmistry), tarot, indian head massage, bellydance, organic facials and relaxation therapy

private bellydance classes in yeovil  i offer private classes in my dance room. private classes cost â£15 for an hour, â£8 for half an hour and â£20 for an hour and a half. the classesare tailored to your needs including choreography and technique and are suitable for all levels. there are two large mirrors in the room, one wide one and one full length one. zoom bellydance classes sometimes i offer bellydance group classes on zoom for those who live too far to travel to yeovil or who can't make the days/times of the in-person classes. please contact me if you would like to be informed of future zoom classes.

 

site menu

raqs sharqi including bellydance and north african dance. 

workshop and seminar themes information on workshops that i can be booked for. 

my dance mission statement

dance in the community article by carolyne taylor

instruments in middle eastern and bellydance music

photographs and performances pics from some of my raqs sharqi and belly dance performances

bellydance music, video and dvd reviews page exactly what it says

reiki healing information and tips for healers and people wanting to try reiki

creative page poems etc

links page links for dance, costumes, reiki, all sorts of things!

 

 

 

therapies page listing some of the therapies that i offer

you tube videos click here for one example or subscribe to carolyne taylor on you tube. you can also find videos of my performances at the arab quarterly in london in september 2011 on you tube. i am on facebook, with the business page carolyne taylor spiritdancer.if you would like to go on my mailing list click here to sign up for my email mailing list for details of any workshops, courses etc that are coming up. your details will not be given to anyone else and i will not send you any spam. please add me to your safe email addresses or check in your spam folder if you don't seem to be receiving anything. to order bellydance music, dvd's, and books on any subject please do  visit my  amazon estore! just click here.

reiki one weekend 2025 over a weekend this course will cover everything you need to know for your reiki first degree qualification. you will receive a course manual and certificate. reiki one is for self-healing and healing friends and family. the course will cost â£80 and there are a maximum of 4 places. dates to be confirmed. email me for details

 

latest news and classes

therapies and readings that i offer

please email me to book a reading or therapy. i am situated in yeovil and offer some therapies and readings online or by telephone if required.  please click here to learn more about: reiki healing (60 mins)therapeutic counselling (50 mins) indian head massage (30 mins) indian head massage plus reiki (40 mins) tarot reading (60 mins) short tarot reading (20 mins) elemental hand reading (60 mins) short hand reading (20 mins) relaxation (autogenics) (30 mins) organic facial and indian face massage (60 mins) indian face massage (30 mins) asmr autonomous sensory meridian response gentle face and scalp massage with personalised positive whispered affirmations (40 mins)lgbtqia+, gender, sexuality and relationship diverse clients welcome.

short biography

i have been studying elemental hand reading (cheirology) since the 1980's and during the 1990's  was very lucky to receive one to one teaching in this. a few years later a lady asked for a hand reading and offered to teach me tarot so again i was blessed with one to one teaching. i went on to teach both elemental hand reading and tarot in glastonbury and later on in yeovil where i now live. between 1995 and 1996 i completed one year's shamanic training where i learnt about regression and soul therapy amongst other things. i completed a teaching english as a foreign language course in july 1997.i began learning reiki in 1997 and became a reiki master and teacher of this in june 1998. i like to work both on the body and in the aura when i give reiki. i wanted to add some sort of body work to my skills and studied indian head massage in glastonbury during 1999 to practitioner level.  counselling has always interested me and at strode college i studied this and received my diploma in therapeutic counselling in 2000 after doing the rsa certificate in counselling in the development of learning in 1996, the cpcab certificate in therapeutic counselling in 1998 and the cpcab advanced certificate in therapeutic counselling in 1999. currently i am doing professional development in working with gender, sexuality and relationship diverse clients. coming from a largely "person-centred" integrative approach to both the therapies and the readings that i do, the focus is on the client and it is my belief that every person can find their own healing and their own solutions to whatever is holding them back, and that the therapist or reader is simply there as a catalyst who is there to enable the client to become more fulfilled, more healed and more whole. in counselling, simply listening and reflecting back what the client is thinking and feeling, without judgement is vital to the client's healing process and this used in combination with therapeutic tools, can enable the client to improve their life from the mind outwards. in giving readings, the person's hands or the cards that they choose reflect processes going on both now, in the past, and potentially in the future, and i believe the client has the power to change an outcome if they wish to. often simply by altering the way that we see a situation is enough to begin the process of positive change. this is a very different approach to the "fortune teller" type of reading where the client is told that something will happen as if it is set in stone.

reiki one manual i am now offering my reiki one manual as a pdf file, sent as a series of email attachments for the cost of â£10 or $12 (us, canada, australia, new zealand). this is ideal for reiki practitioners and reiki teachers who would like a manual to give to their students. email me for details of how to get one (paypal required).tarot course 2025 and tarot exploration 2025 the tarot course consists of 10 lessons of 2 1/2 hours each. each lesson will cost â£20 or you can pay upfront for the whole course which will cost â£180. this is a very comprehensive course including aspects of counselling and running your own tarot practice. this course is also available as an online course which costs â£150 and includes several feedback sessions which can be done over whatsapp, facebook messanger, email or possibly zoom. please email me for further details.tarot exploration consists of 2 hour long sessions for people with some experience of tarot,at least of the major arcana. this costs â£15 per person.both the tarot course and tarot exploration are group classes which include being part of awhatsapp group where the handouts will be.elemental hand reading course 2025 this course is for 8 classes of 1 1/2 hours per class, â£15 per class, or â£120 total, and if the course is paid for at the first class, it will be discounted to â£100. at my therapy room in yeovil. please bring a notebook and pen to each class.  the course teaches the building blocks of palmistry (cheirology) so that you will be able to give a basic hand reading to friends and family. subjects include the four elements and elemental archetypes, what cheirology is, hand shapes, passive and active hands, skin texture, fingers (lengths, bends, meaning of rings, joints, tips, fingerprints and flexibility), the thumb, chronology in the hand and the major lines (earth, water, air). you will also take ink prints of each other's palms. please email me for further details and full course prospectus. weekly bellydance class to be confirmedplease bring a yoga mat or similar with you and leggings for the warm up which is at the beginning of the class. the class costs â£6 and is suitable for all women. we have had ladiesin their seventies, ladies with various disabilities and twenty something ladies, so whatever your age, shape and fitness level, you will be made very welcome.

my therapies and readings  facebook page is up and running, click here to go to it



