








home - (moaacc) military officers association of america cape canaveral chapter, inc





















































skip to content



 
facebookyoutubeemail

moaa
fcoc
member login

website tutorials
zoom tutorial


join moaacc

renew membership


contact us
donate to>>
 


















menu


our chapter

chapter leadership
legislative affairs
speakers bureau
author league
student affairs (rotc/jrotc)
jrotc medal award program
survivor assistance


events & activities

calendar
events list
brevard veteran events
committees & activities
financial literacy forum
vets back to class
historical events (recorded)
website & zoom tutorials


membership

membership application
membership renewal
be an active member!
member directory (members only)
our awards program
join moaa


good deeds foundation

history
what is the good deeds foundation?
goals, objectives and policies
contributions & impact
board of directors
jrotc medal award program
donate – gdf


scholarships

history
eligibility
application
donors
scholarship awardees
committees & members
donate – scholarship


news & resources

press room
photo & video gallery
quartermaster exchange
resource links
website & zoom tutorials
moaacc bylaws
moaacc handbook
transition & career support (tcs)
our sponsors


the intercom

february 2025 edition
january 2025 edition
december 2024 edition
november 2024 edition
october 2024 edition
september 2024 edition
the intercom archives
fcoc communique newsletter
intercom sponsorship/ advertising form





























our sponsors page














our press room














moaacc authors page
















 
the moaacc 2025 scholarship application process is now open! all applications are due by june 15, 2025.

learn more


 


 
 


 
florida tech rotc commissions four new army lieutenants 
 
 


 
 


 
moaa’s legislative priorities for the 119th congress

learn more


 


 
moaacc scholarship winners 2024 


 
moaacc honors high school students with service academy appointments or rotc scholarships 


 
honoring outstanding local military cadets from brevard county rotc, jrotc, sea cadet & civil air patrol units 


 
advocacy in action updates

learn more


 


 
tricare for life, star act, housing help will anchor moaa’s spring advocacy push

learn more


 


 
chapter’s good deeds foundation meets needs of local military community 


 
moaacc veterans helping area veterans-in-need 


 
your guide to advocacy: changing laws, changing lives

learn more


 


 
take action: here’s how to contact your lawmakers 

learn more


 


 
moaa national news & information

learn more


 


 
good deeds foundation provides record grants to all brevard jrotc units in time of need 


 
military officer magazine issues and archives (great information)

learn more


 



























the intercomfebruary 2025 editionsee the latest and greatest from moaacc. 





click here for the intercom news magazine february 2025 edition 


 
 










tmbc (in-person & via zoom)

join us again 20 february 2025 





click here for details.**************--website tutorials--zoom online tutorial 


 
 










current affairs forum (flip for details)

  3/6/25  dr. jeffery saluck - st francis reflections physician 





  3/6/2025  dr. jeffery saluck - st francis reflections physician 


 
 



















welcome to the cape canaveral chapter of the military officers association of america

















the military officers association of america cape canaveral chapter (moaacc) is an affiliate of the national military officers association of america. the mission of the chapter is to promote the aims of the military officers association of america (moaa). we advocate for national and state legislative actions that protect the rights and interests of veterans, uniformed services retirees, and active duty personnel (including all dependents and survivors of the same).
moaa national, the various state councils and their affiliate chapters, including the military officers association of america, cape canaveral (moaacc), are all nonpartisan organizations.
 

















the cape canaveral chapter (moaacc) -- over 1,200 strong here on the space coast -- joins with moaa national as one powerful  legislative advocacy​ voice ensuring that our nation keeps its commitments to all active, retired, & former military members, their families, and survivors.









together, we are a powerful legislative voice advocating for the best interests of current and former uniformed services members of all ranks as well as the best interest of the nation.  









become a member











renew membership





















about











the moaacc organization has been very active in brevard county since 1958. it is a service/social group of military officers, including retired, former and active duty from all eight uniformed services, as well as spouses and surviving spouses. it is dedicated to supporting the goals of moaa and the community while promoting membership camaraderie with social activities, work in one of our many worthy causes and participation in many of the separate clubs associated with moaacc.







learn more












































scholarships











each year beginning in 1984, the cape canaveral chapter of the military officers association of america has awarded scholarship grants to descendants and wards of active duty or retired members of the uniformed services of the united states (includes regular, national guard or reserve enlisted and officers of the army, navy, air force, marine corps, coast guard, space force, noaa or usphs).







learn more


















join us











the chapter is devoted to fostering fellowship among its members and families and to stimulate love of country. the thursday morning breakfast club (tmbc), monthly luncheons (third tuesdays) with guest speakers, current affairs forums (3rd thursday every other month) and a variety of  evening functions and special events are all designed to enhance our efforts towards these goals. the monthly newsletter, the intercom, the biweekly five things e-newsletter (and moaacc.org website and our facebook page) inform members of these events and keeps them abreast of current issues of prime importance to the goals and objectives of the chapter and moaa.







learn more































our sponsors







click here for details to become a moaacc sponsor/advertiser!



















 


vystar credit union









 


aafmaa wealth management & trust llc









 


one senior place









 


indian river colony club (ircc)









 


home instead









 


ubs - indian river wealth management group









 


st francis reflections lifestage care









 


cruise holidays of viera









 


vystar credit union









 


moaa insurance









 


moaa vacations









 


solemn pride - caisson horse team









 


20th moaacc gdf cruise 2026


























 


u.s. army









 


u.s. marine corps









 


u.s. navy









 


u.s. air force









 


u.s. space force









 


u.s. coast guard









 


u.s.p.h.s









 


noaa corps







click on image to visit each service website









 










contact information moaacc inc
po box 254186
patrick sfb, fl 32925-4186
contact us!

quick linksour sponsors
our chapter
our events calendar
membership
good deeds foundation
scholarships
the press room
resources
themoaachannel!
moaacc website tutorials
privacy policy
five star award recipient presented by moaa every year since 2003 

 





© 2025 (moaacc) military officers association of america cape canaveral chapter, inc 
facebook


youtube


email



 



		website powered by neon one



scroll to top

















