


	national guild for community arts education - home









































search:








contact
support the guild
member login











about

about the guild
racial equity
a beautiful evolution
staff
board of trustees
our awards



membership

about membership
join the guild
member directory



events


conference

call for proposals
past conferences



programs

artistic shifts podcasts
benchmarking data report
collaborative networks
community arts education leadership and intercultural institute (caelii)
the essentials: skills for community arts education leaders
past training & learning



resources


job board


news






menu 








photo from guild member: m3 | mitchell media & marketing, llc
learn more about our new branding





national guild for community arts education





membership
our 400+ members across the u.s. are transforming communities through arts education. membership is "pay what you can".





programs
our programming aims to strengthen practitioners, organizations, and the field as a whole, so that you can better support your community in connecting with their creative power.





racial equity
we are on a racial equity journey ourselves as an organization, and our programming aims to address racial justice as a crucial part of community arts education work.



browse our resource center






over the past decade the guild has helped me so much and has had such an impact on villa musica’s evolution...the leadership skills that i gained and continue to gain have been invaluable.

            fiona chatwin, founder and executive director, villa musica, san diego, ca
        




our story
we develop current and emerging leaders at hundreds of organizations nationwide to maximize the impact of arts education, strengthen and sustain programs, and generate innovative solutions.



students alt text

2.5 million
students served through in school, out of school, and community programming



alt text here longer than others for testing

8 million
americans reached through performances and exhibitions



teaching artists alt text

20,000+
teaching artists employed



learn more about us




help transform communities through the arts

make a donation






events







guild webinar series
streamlining operations: building capacity for growth





date 
 
wednesday, march 5, 2025

time 1:00 pm - 2:00 pm est
location zoom meeting







view all events







latest news









featured news
national community arts education day to be recognized nationwide
read on about h.res.1033 as we advocate for a national community arts education day!


field news / february 28, 2024







06/02/2025
guild news
mellon foundation awards $500,000 grant to the national guild to support the visionary leadership of dr. quanice floyd
the mellon foundation awards the national guild for community arts education a two-year grant to support the work of its executive director, dr. quanice g. floyd.






view all news






let's cultivate community arts education together!

join the guild











  


  


  


  


receive the latest information about guild news, events, activities, and opportunities directly to your inbox.
sign up for updates





about
membership
conference
support the guild
legal
site map
privacy policy
financial statements
governance
board of trustees portal
whistleblower policy
log in


charity navigator ratings provide clear, objective, and reliable assessments of both the financial health and accountability & transparency of charities.



© 2019 national guild for community arts education
520 8th avenue, suite 302, new york, ny 10018(212) 268-3337guildinfo@nationalguild.org







member login


exit the log-in dialog









username









password













recover your password






not yet a member? join the guild




search:











 




