












hotel sausalito | downtown sausalito | minutes from san francisco | since 1915






























































skip to content














(415) 332-0700





info@hotelsausalito.com


 










book online




















hotel sausalito











our roomsaccessibilityour historythings to doour reviewscontact




 




×
our roomsaccessibilityour historythings to doour reviewscontact










 


















a boutique hotel on the park in sausalito, california






minutes from san francisco and the golden gate bridge in the heart of downtown sausalito.







read more about hotel sausalito


























welcome to hotel sausalito
































minutes from san francisco and the golden gate bridge-marin's stylish little hotel.
hotel sausalito is located in the heart of downtown sausalito and is immediately adjacent to the city of sausalito parking lot which offers van accessible parking.  the hotel has a city passenger loading zone at the entrance and offers our guests the ability to purchase discounted parking tickets. the hotel property has no parking.
an evolving part of sausalito since 1915, the hotel sausalito has style, warmth, and history. sixteen luxurious rooms and suites feature custom-designed furnishings handcrafted by local artisans. the hallways are lined with strikingly accurate renditions of matisses and monets by napa valley artist kelleen sullivan. the hotel's décor conjures up images evocative of the french riviera.
on the park in sausalito, hotel sausalito is the ideal getaway for visitors wanting a more tranquil taste of san francisco for vacation, honeymoon or business travel. warmth and contemporary style define this historic hotel. the 16 well-appointed rooms and suites feature furnishings handcrafted by local artisans. just steps from the sf ferry, hotel sausalito is centrally located near boating, golden gate national recreation area hiking, coastal biking trails, art galleries, shopping, and waterfront restaurants.
our accessible room (room 201) is equipped with audible accessories, including telephone, and provides a wheelchair-accessible bathroom including a roll-in shower with grab bars. this accessible room is subject to availability.       







read more about our history





























 












 












 












 












 



































a mix of gregarious scottish warmth, cote d'azur cool, and california chic have settled at the tres charming hotel sausalito.



- preview travel 

























minutes from san francisco and the golden gate bridge; marin's stylish little hotel. 



























beautiful rooms in the center of downtown!

























please contact our concierge for any special requests.

























keurig coffee maker, complimentary water, coffee, and mini refrigerator in every room.












read more about our rooms











 
















hotel sausalito















address 






16 el portal
sausalito, california 94965
directions













phone 






(415) 332-0700













email 






info@hotelsausalito.com













our roomsour historythings to doour reviewscontact




















© 2023 hotel sausalito. all rights reserved. | hotel accessibility









 




















