






cheating spouse private investigator & infidelity private investigator






















































































































(888) 677-9700 


home
about

hiring a local private investigator
spousal surveillance f.a.q.
join our team!
testimonials
ethics policy


spousal surveillance

overview of spousal surveillance
prominent client private investigative services


infidelity

signs of infidelity
online infidelity
cheating husband
cheating wife
cheating spouse tips
affairs in the workplace
traveling cheater
online dating and scams
gay spouse
alimony and cohabitation
computer evidence recovery
undecided?


resources

useful resources
audio surveillance and the law
video surveillance and the law


news

private investigator insights


contact

contact us by e-mail







menu



 






homeyou are here: homeabout your spousewe can find the truth


if you are facing spousal infidelity, we can help you find the truth and stop the anxiety and fear. call us now for a confidential, commitment-free consultation. we are cheating spouse private investigator experts who can help.
no matter where you are if we can’t assist you directly, we can connect you with an expert pi in your area who can handle your case professionally.

infidelity, adultery, cheating, being unfaithful, having an affair…
…whatever you care to call it, is likely to be one of the most painful and devastating things that can happen to you. not knowing if your spouse is cheating on you or not is equally as painful. even the prospect of a loved one being unfaithful is painful and extremely disruptive. each private investigator at asg helps clients like you with this issue every day. we know that you need a cheating spouse private investigator to get you the proof so that you can move forward with your life.
unfortunately, once someone seriously suspects infidelity, more often than not, their suspicions are correct.
this pain and fear are very real and each private investigator at a.s.g. takes your pain seriously.
let us end your fear and anxiety and get you the truth!
whether you are the husband or wife, boyfriend or girlfriend, you deserve to know if your partner is cheating and a.s.g. can help you get that proof and piece of mind you need to move forward with your life. whether you are in michigan or florida, california or new york or somewhere in between, you may find it useful to review some common signs of infidelity developed by a cheating spouse private investigator to help you get better perspective on your situation and see if an investigation is right for your circumstances. a private investigator can discreetly, accurately and affordably help you.
we realize that having to hire a private investigator and discussing a possible affair by your loved one is a difficult thing to do. with that in mind, you have our every assurance that we are committed to using the utmost discretion and good taste in providing you with investigative services that will give you peace of mind to move forward with your life while maintaining your dignity. you dont have to be in pain any longer. that is our private investigator promise.
read an essay by our president: “an overview of spousal surveillance”
investigating cheating & marital infidelity is one of the most important services a cheating spouse private investigator can render.
issues of infidelity need to be handled by a private investigator who is not only experienced at surveillance and information gathering, they must also be well versed in family law to succeed. our domestic services division is comprised of investigators who are among the nation’s best at handling domestic matters and getting results that matter. from our administrative staff to our nationwide local field investigators, we represent the best in the industry at getting discreet results at affordable prices, anywhere! unlike many investigative agencies, we have a large, ethnic and gender diverse team of investigators at our disposal, ensuring that we have the right type of investigator for your case. we operate successfully in any socio-economic environment, regardless of where our subject goes. this, combined with our state-of-the-art technology, extensive investigative resources and regular training make us the premier investigative agency no matter where you are.
we get you proof and give you the peace of mind you deserve.
regardless of whether you need to know the truth simply to go forward with your life, or if you need proof of cheating & infidelity to win in court, a.s.g. is the private investigator agency for you. we leave nothing to chance!
if you think that spousal surveillance can help you, we recommend that you read a quick overview of spousal surveillance.
we, like most cheating spouse private investigator, charge our clients an hourly rate for surveillance, with mileage and any other investigative procedures being added. we design each surveillance to give you the best possible results given what we collective know about your spouses activities. we do this in a sincere effort to give you the best opportunity to know the truth and to minimize your cost.
cheating spouse private investigators have the ability to watch your spouse, monitor who they are with, where they go and what they do, discreetly and confidentially. we can do this through surveillance, utilization of vehicle tracking devices and providing you with software to monitor e-mail, chat room discussions and internet activity.
although spousal surveillance by a cheating spouse private investigator is one of the most frequently used tools for uncovering infidelity, each set of circumstances can call for different measures. some of the other more commonly requested services we provide when investigating infidelity that can be done in conjunction with an infidelity or spousal surveillance investigation are as follows:

monitoring the cheating spouse’s e-mail, chat room discussions, and internet activity
tracking the cheater’s vehicle
asset searches
electronic eavesdropping detection
e-mail tracing
computer forensics
identification of the “other person”
child custody & support investigations

because each case is unique, we recommend that you call us and speak to a private investigator about your situation to better assess which type of investigation would work best for you. the call is toll-free and the consultation with a private investigator is strictly confidential. get the peace of mind you deserve and the ability to move forward with your life. call today.

what is a private investigator?
a private investigator is a professional trained in the art of investigations and surveillance. in most states, a license is mandatory. like with an attorney or doctor, the state has mandated that certain qualifications, training, and experience are required for licensure to protect the public from those who do not have the experience or qualifications to do the job correctly. a private investigator’s training is usually varied and tends to focus on a certain area, again much like a lawyer. at a.s.g., our investigators specialize in investigating and documenting marital infidelity. often times a private investigator’s experience comes from work in law enforcement, the military or a research background. the crux of a private investigators capability is to take whatever information you, the client, have and to go out and find whatever information or evidence you need. the work that a private investigator does is strictly confidential and stays between you and them.
read more about the history of infidelity and adultery.
what does a cheating spouse private investigator specializing in infidelity and cheating actually do?
the job of a private investigator specializing in infidelity is to gather information about the subject’s activities and interactions. we frequently work on these types of cases for attorneys. most private investigators are trained to perform functions like surveillance, research and interviewing. at a.s.g. we have specialists who focus on spousal surveillance or information gathering. our surveillance experts spend the majority of their time following and watching suspected cheaters. often, we will then be asked to identify the “other person” for our client. we have access to private investigator based computer databases and searches, that the public does not, which allow them to quickly obtain massive amounts of information. because of the nature of our work, we often end up testifying in court about our cases. a good private investigator can confidentially get you the answers you need, quickly, accurately and affordably.

for more information on spousal infidelity and infidelity investigations, your find it useful to review our spousal surveillance frequently asked questions page.
signs of spousal infidelity
statistics say that 85% of women who feel their lover is cheating are correct and 50% of men who feel their lover is cheating are right. if you have suspicious, consider some of the following and be as impartial as possible.
have you noticed a:

sudden increase in time away from home
decreased sexual interest with you
cheating spouse is often distracted and daydreaming
cheating husband or wife is often “unavailable” while at work
cheating spouse attends new functions outside of work or not wants to go alone
cell phone calls from you are not returned in timely fashion
cheating spouse leaves house or goes to other rooms to talk on the telephone
cheating spouse uses computer alone and secretly
cheating spouse asks about your schedule more often than usual
mileage on car is high yet he/she reports only short distance errands
clothes smell of perfume or cologne
cheating spouse gets his / her laundry done independently
unexplained payments on bank statements
cheating spouse has more cash on hand without accountability
cell phone bills contain calls with long duration
cheating spouse now has a phone card but never used one before
cheating wife or husband has unexplained receipts in wallet or purse
cheating spouse has suspicious phone voice-mail messages
cheating spouse has suspicious cell phone numbers stored or dialed
internet web browser history list (this is a record of websites visited) contains unusual sites
cheating spouse begins to use new or free e-mail account
cheating spouse is suddenly deleting e-mail messages

you may also want to consider reviewing your spouse’s credit card bills.

 contact us 









 
 
 
 
please leave this field empty.



  recent blog headlines 

signs your partner might be cheating: red flags to watch out for


4 ways a private investigator can bust a cheating spouse


4 types of people your partner is likely to cheat with


6 best ways to catch a cheating spouse


how to find out if your spouse is using a dating app?


   

quick linkshiring a local private investigator
spousal surveillance f.a.q.
join our team!
testimonials
ethics policy
contact us asg investigations
42815 garfield road, suite 208
clinton township, mi 48038
(855) 997-2800
   

 call us today at
(888) 667-9700
for your investigation needs.







asg investigations is a full service licensed private detective agency. our national headquarters is located in metro-detroit, michigan.this site is copyrighted ©2017. unauthorized use in part or in full is strictly prohibited and violations will be acted upon.developed by pistonbroke





















































scroll to top





