



the fell pony society














 menu this
          site does not store any personal or financial data
the fell pony society
patron: his majesty king charles iii
 registered charity, number 1104945.
        the fell pony society is a company limited by guarantee 3233346.


the fell pony society's aim is to foster and keep pure the old breed of
        pony which has roamed the northern fells for years and to circulate
        knowledge and general information about the pony breed. 
the society deals with the registration of ponies, applications for
        membership and export matters. it produces two magazines per year, lists
        of ponies for sale, runs shows and advertises a regular calendar of
        events.

site
            search 
society office address
bank house, boroughgate, appleby, cumbria ca16 6xf. 
 office e-mail: secretary
            @fellponysociety.org.uk (the out-of-office gmail address has
          been discontinued.)

to speak to the secretary or to make an appointment to visit the
          office, tel/fax: 0 17683 53100. (in order to manage health and safety
          risks when staff may be working alone, visitors will only be seen by
          appointment.)
the office is manned monday to thursday. you can leave a voice
          message or send an email to secretary
            @fellponysociety.org.uk if the secretary is unavailable. 
council agenda and summaries of minutes
links to council meeting agenda and subsequent summaries
          of minuted business at meetings can be found on the about the
            society page.
annual general meeting
this was held in april at orton market hall, ca10 3rj.
links to agenda for forthcoming meetings can be found on the about the
            society page.
keep up to date
occasionally, old files remain unnoticed on the web server and may be
          picked up by search engines such as google. to be certain you
            have the most up to date versions of documents, please
          always come to this site and use the menu or the  site search function to find what you need.
        
fell pony stud book - grassroots online registry 
this service, which gives access animal details, member details,
          pedigrees and progeny lists, is free to fell pony society members and
          has been available since spring 2009. 
log in via the grassroots link below, using your fps membership
          access number (it is printed on your magazine envelope address label;
          it is not your annual membership receipt number) plus your password. 
grassroots online registry
grassroots has been updated (25 may 2022) and members now allocate
          their own password. 
new fps members will receive a link via email to ‘set a password’
          when they join the society. 

 if for some reason as a current member you no longer have your ‘log
          in’ details, then you need to go to the grassroots log in screen and
          “click to reset password”. you will be sent an email containing a
          link, using the email address that we have for you. you use the link
          in that email to reset your password.


 membership renewals for 2025
 thank you to all members who have renewed your membership. however, we have received several payments at the old rate.
to save us time in having to contact you individually, please can you check and if you have paid the old rate, send the extra payment as soon as possible, then we can issue your new membership card. the 2025 rates can be checked on the membership page and on p12 of the autumn 2024 magazine.
priority will be given to those who have paid correctly. members are only eligible to vote for council if their subscription has been paid *in full* by 15 february, and we cannot guarantee you will receive a reminder by this date and therefore you will miss out on the opportunity to vote. thank you for your attention to this matter. 
happy new year! 
3 jan 2025
payments to the society
payments to the society can be made by post, bacs or bank transfer.
        cheques or postal orders should be made payable to "the fell pony
        society".  bacs details can be found here. members
        can also find these details in the fees and charges section of the fps
        magazine. updated october 2024 

overseas payments
all bank transfers should be in english pounds sterling and any charges
        should be paid in the country of origin. our bank makes a charge for the
        receipt of an electronic transfer  from overseas  – so if
        you are not in the uk, please add £2 for transactions up to £100 and £7
        for transactions greater than £100 (if sending payment from within the
        uk there is no need to add anything). 
the society does not have the facility to take card payments.
if you wish to pay your membership by standing order, please request a
        mandate to set the payment up with your bank, because the society cannot
        do it on your behalf.
updated 14 october 2021. current at 30 august 2024.
notices & news headlines. updated: 
        (mm/dd/yyyy format)
full details of news items can be found on the news
          page 
new functions in grassroots online registry
one of the benefits of joining the fell pony society is access to the
        grassroots online registry which gives members access to the society's
        pedigree database. members can use the database to research pedigrees,
        find offspring or see ponies marked as for sale or available for ai. 
        a new breed analysis feature is now available on grassroots, called
        check mate. 
        check mate allows members to select any male from the database and any
        of their own females or those flagged as for sale. it creates a simple
        four generation "what if" pedigree with any common ancestors highlighted
        in colour.
details of how to use the function are linked on the health page.
"notification of service" certificates via
        grassroots
unfortunately there have been issues with notifying service
        certificates online since 12 november that have only been brought to the
        society’s attention over the last few days. more
          >>>  12 dec 2024
membership fees increase from 1st january 2025
 as approved at the agm in april 2024, fees are
        increasing for 2025. if you are a current member paying by standing
        order please remember to get the mandate updated in advance of 1st
        january. the new range of subscription fees can be seen on the membership page. 26
          sept 2024 

voluntary dna testing of filly foals in 2025
voluntary dna testing of filly foals will be offered again this year,
        from january 2025, test paid by fps (1 test per filly). for further
        details please read the item on the news page.  13
          dec 2024

more
          >>>
fis testing - update

fis testing kits can again be purchased through the fps (see registration and other fees for details). on
        receipt of the payment the kit(s) will be issued to the owner. a vet
        must take the sample and complete the label on the packet in full before
        returning to the fps, who will forward it to the lab, animal
        genetics.  11 july 2024   more
          >>>
fis certificates - caution
for the first time since fis testing was introduced in 2010, the
        society has seen an fis certificate that has been tampered with. 3 june 2024  more
          >>> 
king honours fell ponies with patronage
the fell pony society is extremely proud, and deeply honoured, to
        announce that the charity's new patron will be king charles iii,
        following more than 40 years of patronage by her late majesty queen
        elizabeth ii. this fabulous news was received on the 1st anniversary of
        the king's coronation. 15  may 2024  
        more >>>
foal / registration applications 
just a reminder - any foal registration/passport application forms
        arriving with the society in december are charged double fees. they
        should reach the office by no later than 31 december.  applications
        received after this date will be treated as late registrations requiring
        dna parentage testing.
all service details for this year's coverings must be with the society
        by 31 december - both online and service books.  
equine passports 
what to do when you buy or sell a pony, geld a colt or stallion, or a
        pony dies. more >>> 
1 - when you buy or sell a pony
paperwork to check when buying or selling. more
          >>> 
2 - while you are an owner
important: please read about your passport responsibilities! more
          >>>
3 - death of a pony
you must return the passport to the fps office. more
          >>> 
4 - compulsory microchipping
with effect from 1 october 2020 it will be a legal requirement for all
        horses in england to be microchipped (this applies in wales from 12
        february 2021 and in scotland from 28 march 2021).
 when your vet implants a chip for the first time, the barcode label
        should be placed in the passport with the stamp and signature of the vet
        beside. the owner should send either the passport or a scanned copy of
        the passport to the society as soon as possible so that the records can
        be updated.
updated 4 july 2018
fell pony stud book - grassroots online
        registry
one of the benefits of joining the fell pony society is
          access to the grassroots online registry which gives access to animal details, member details, pedigrees and
            progeny lists or see ponies marked as for sale or available for ai.
            it is free to fell pony society members and has been
            available since spring 2009. new features are now
        available to assist breeders (dec 2024).
please go
          to the health page to read about the functions of grassroots and
        how to access the database. 17 dec 2024


menu 



search
 about fell ponies
about the society
society news
join the fps
events calendar
challenge

show results
magazines 
area support groups
 international affiliates


sales list
fps merchandise
stallion listings
 conservation & grazing
education
member directory 
people & ponies
 photo gallery
 awards 
faq 
links 


regulations
forms & documents
 registration fees
showing rules
judging guidelines
health
contacting us
 privacy policy (gdpr)
fps home page
  
top of this page






© the fell pony society and sue millard web design web site hosting courtesy
        of magrathea
          systems 
        this page last updated:
        (mm/dd/yyyy format) 



