

aquamantv: aquaman television pilot


















herosite.net 
            - heroes
visitorsite.net - v 
e-mail 
            news tips to planetkrypton@aol.com
aquaman 
            is copyright ©2009 dc comics. aquaman appears in comic 
            books published by dc comics.
smallville, 
            aquaman, mercy reef and those characters are copyright ©2009 
            warner bros. & dc comics. this is a fan site and not authorized 
            by the wb or dc. page copyright ©2009 kryptonsite, unless the 
            material is noted as coming from someplace else or being by an individual 
            author.
aquamantv 
            can be reached at aquamantv.com. the aquaman pilot starred justin hartley, denise quinones, and ving 
            rhames.

  
            


will toale







welcome 
                  to aquamantv!
since 
                  there are surely a lot of new visitors coming in thanks to the 
                  release of the aquaman pilot onto itunes, we'd like to 
                  welcome you to aquamantv - the web's first and most comprehensive 
                  fan site for the aquaman tv pilot, which was at one time 
                  in its development stages known as mercy reef.
here, 
                  you can read about the show's cast 
                  and post on the aquamantv 
                  forum at kryptonsite. you can read our review of the pilot 
                  and see if you agree or disagree. you can even find - at kryptonsite 
                  - an 
                  interview with justin hartley (aquaman) where he talked 
                  about aquaman and the role that followed it - that of the green 
                  arrow on smallville.
thanks 
                  again for visiting the site. unfortunately, it doesn't look 
                  like aquaman will ever appear on any tv schedule. creators, 
                  crew, and cast have all moved on, and it has been over a year 
                  since the show was filmed and proposed as a tv series.. 
                  if there is any good news in the future, you can be assured 
                  that aquamantv is the place to go for the info!



 



aquaman 
                  may have sunk, but justin hartley can now be seen as the green arrow 
                  on smallville!
click 
                  here to order a copy of the season 6 dvd! 



news 
                  posted november 11, 2007 



aquaman 
                  on dvd - finally!
many 
                  of our readers have e-mailed to tell us that best buy stores 
                  are exclusively offering aquaman as a bonus when people 
                  buy smallville dvd sets at their stores.
while 
                  we don't condone "store exclusives" here, if you really 
                  want to see the pilot, swinging by best buy might be your best 
                  option. unfortunately, those of us who bought the smallville 
                  sets as they came out are out of luck.
at 
                  this time we are not sure how long this promotion is good for, 
                  so check it out! we also cannot confirm that this deal is also 
                  good online. 



news 
                  posted june 5, 2007 



aquaman 
                  available for free on aol
though 
                  it has been over a year since the cw announced they were not 
                  picking up aquaman, the pilot is still one of the most-viewed 
                  programs on the internet. the pilot's reach is now continuing 
                  on america online, where the pilot is being shown for free using 
                  aol's in2tv service.
click 
                  this link to see the pilot! (warning: you might 
                  need aol service to view)
now 
                  if only the powers that be would release the aquaman 
                  pilot onto dvd, perhaps incorporating a lot of the deleted footage 
                  that we know is out there...



 



news 
                  posted november 22, 2006 



justin 
                  hartley talks aquaman
mediavillage.com 
                  has posted a new interview with justin hartley where he talks 
                  extensively about the aquaman pilot.
here's 
                  a sampling:
"thank 
                  god i kept my head about me. the whole time i kept in mind that 
                  i was doing a pilot. everyone started to say aquaman was a sure 
                  thing, it was going to be a show. i just kept telling myself 
                  i got hired to do a pilot. just do this pilot and see what happens. 
                  my work on aquaman is something that i'm really proud of, as 
                  far as the relationships that i developed with the creators 
                  of aquaman and also smallville, and the cast and the crew. people 
                  got to see my work ethic. i think that translated into a role 
                  on smallville, which is great. that's what i was always told 
                  as a kid. "work hard. work hard. work hard." it definitely 
                  does pay off."
click 
                  here to read the full interview! 



news 
                  posted august 6, 2006 



ew 
                  deems aquaman "the show that won't sink"
the 
                  latest issue of entertainment weekly magazine (featuring 
                  "little miss sunshine" on the cover) has a half-page 
                  article about the itunes success of the aquaman pilot 
                  and what it might mean for the possible future of the project.
"if 
                  some network wanted the show, we'd find a way to work it out," 
                  creator alfred gough told the magazine. unfortunately, the magazine 
                  notes that the cw currently has "no plans to save aquaman 
                  from his watery grave."
the 
                  article includes a photo featuring justin hartley (a.c.) and 
                  amber mcdonald (eva).
click 
                  here to take a look at a scan! 



variety 
                  mentions aquaman in article on busted pilots
a 
                  recent edition of variety featured an article about legally 
                  and illegally leaked television pilots.
of 
                  course, mention was made of nobody's watching, the sitcom 
                  pilot that logged hundreds of thousands of youtube downloads 
                  which inspired nbc to order six episodes.
here's 
                  what they said about aquaman:
"another 
                  wbtv pilot, the cw actioner aquaman, is also easily accessible 
                  -- but for a price. warners decided to sell the show on itunes 
                  for $1.99 a pop early last week. not long after clips of the 
                  show became available on youtube.
it's 
                  turned out to be a smart move: insiders say more than 15,000 
                  copies of the pilot have been sold, with "aquaman" 
                  the most-downloaded video on itunes for more than a week (it's 
                  now no. 2)."
maybe 
                  the network execs should take a cue from nobody's watching 
                  and give aquaman another chance to swim. (these puns 
                  never get old!)

click 
                  here to read the full article! 



news 
                  posted august 3, 2006 



another 
                  aquaman pilot review
"the 
                  rev. oj flow" at newsarama.com 
                  has posted his review of the aquaman pilot. while not as overwhelmingly 
                  positive as some other online reviews, it does seem to imply 
                  the reviewer is at least curious where the show could 
                  have gone. here's a brief sampling of the water-pun-filled review:
"i 
                  can say with confidence that mercy reef, as i'll refer to it 
                  going forward, gets off to a better start than the failed birds 
                  of prey a couple of years ago, and it really could've found 
                  it's own little niche had it a chance to find its sea legs."
click 
                  here to read the full review! 



news 
                  posted july 31, 2006 



favorable 
                  review for the aquaman pilot
there 
                  have been many reviews of the aquaman pilot posted online; this 
                  one is a particular favorite because it is on a recently-relaunched 
                  site called the kingdom 
                  that we are sure you will all like.
reviewer 
                  "superhulk" was impressed with the pilot, though the 
                  fact that there won't be any more was particularly disappointing. 
                  "overall i really enjoyed this pilot, which bothers me 
                  even more now that i know the show isn’t getting picked 
                  up. if anything, it had a ton of potential and story possibilities," 
                  he said.
click 
                  here to read the full review! 



another 
                  interview: hartley talks aquaman
ign.com 
                  has posted a new interview with justin hartley where 
                  he talks about his reaction to hearing the aquaman pilot wasn't 
                  picked up and what he has coming up in the future. (warning: 
                  the article does contain smallville spoilers!)
he 
                  also talks about some insights he had into playing the aquaman 
                  character, in what was a fantastic interview by eric goldman.
click 
                  here to read the article! 



l.a. 
                  times notes aquaman success; 
                  is an aquaman movie coming?
following 
                  the itunes 
                  success of the aquaman tv pilot and a recurring plotline 
                  on entourage, now there's talk that the aquaman character 
                  may next become a film, according to the los angeles times.
the 
                  l.a. times article features some quotes from alfred gough about 
                  the tv pilot.
click 
                  here to read the article! 



aquaman 
                  pilot: #1 tv show video on itunes!!!
customers 
                  of itunes are heavily downloading the pilot episode to the aquaman 
                  tv series.
in 
                  its early days of being offered, aquaman crept up the 
                  charts of the most downloaded tv show videos on itunes, and 
                  at least for a good while, achieved the #1 spot. not bad for 
                  a pilot that the cw decided not to go forward with as a series!
e! 
                  online has posted an article about the pilot's success and how 
                  it is yet another example of online sampling creating a hit. 
                  click 
                  here to read that article, titled "aquaman going swimmingly 
                  on itunes."
if 
                  you haven't already, click here to legally download it! if you 
                  like it, spread the word! the more downloads, the better the 
                  chances will be that someone at the networks will take notice! 



news 
                  posted july 25, 2006 



the 
                  aquaman pilot is on itunes!!!
here's 
                  some news that some of you may like...
the 
                  pilot episode to the aquaman 
                  tv series by smallville creators alfred gough and miles 
                  millar has made its way to the land of legal downloading, on 
                  itunes! for $1.99 you can see this special pilot starring justin 
                  hartley as a.c. sadly it won't become a series, but the more 
                  people download it, the more likely it'll be that the cw people 
                  will regret not picking it up. :-)
click 
                  here to legally download it!!!!
big 
                  thanks 
                  to mr. taylor for the tip! 



exclusive 
                  interview with "aquaman" himself - justin hartley!
 
                  our smallville site, kryptonsite, is proud to present 
                  an all-new exclusive kryptonsite interview with justin hartley, 
                  who played arthur/ac in the aquaman tv pilot.
in 
                  the interview, justin talks about filming the aquaman 
                  pilot that he filmed earlier this year, and he also talks about 
                  a new role of green arrow, which he will be playing in smallville's 
                  sixth season!
click 
                  here to read the interview at kryptonsite! 



news 
                  posted july 17, 2006 



justin 
                  hartley to play green arrow on smallville

aquaman may not have made it to swim on the cw, but justin 
                  hartley will indeed be seen on the network playing another 
                  dc comics icon.
justin 
                  (aquaman/mercy reef's "a.c.") has been cast 
                  in the role of oliver queen, better known to comic book fans 
                  as green arrow, in at least seven episodes of smallville's 
                  sixth season.
click 
                  here for more details! 



news 
                  posted july 10, 2006 



alfred 
                  gough talks aquaman

wizarduniverse.com 
                  has posted an interview with executive producer alfred gough 
                  where he talks about the aquaman pilot and promises 
                  that it will be seen by the masses at some point. here's an 
                  excerpt:
"we’re 
                  working on a way to get the pilot out there. that’s sort 
                  of all i can say at the moment. whether it’s some sort 
                  of addition on season six of “smallville” or not—we’re 
                  really proud of the pilot. we’d love for the fans to get 
                  a chance to see it. the implication when a network doesn’t 
                  pick up a show is that the pilot sucks and that’s not the 
                  case. it’s not a perfect pilot by any stretch of the imagination. 
                  there are other reasons—which are a mystery to us—as 
                  to why the cw didn’t pick it up. i think it definitely 
                  puts aquaman in a modern context and he’s not lame. it’s 
                  a shame because it would have been a really fun series."
you 
                  can read the complete article on wizarduniverse.com by clicking 
                  here. 



news 
                  posted may 27, 2006 



aquaman 
                  trailer back online... for now
 
                  the aquaman promotional trailer keeps finding its way 
                  back online. catch it while you still can!
the 
                  latest place to find the trailer has been crave 
                  online. click here to visit their webpage... it should be 
                  listed on the right hand side column as "mercy reef - tv 
                  trailer." 



news 
                  posted may 24, 2006 



another 
                  promotional image!
we 
                  have no more news about the possibility of aquaman still getting 
                  picked up, though we do have a treat for you - a promotional 
                  shot of justin hartley as arthur "a.c." curry.
please 
                  do not repost this image onto other websites. surely the 
                  watermark may be annoying, but it's the only way to keep it 
                  from happening. just send people on over to aquamantv!
click 
                  here to take a larger look! 



news 
                  posted may 21, 2006 



aquaman 
                  trailer taken offline
 
                  the aquaman promotional trailer that landed on youtube.com 
                  "has been removed at the request of copyright owner warner 
                  brothers because its content was used without permission."
the 
                  trailer video was viewed over 100,000 times and was in the top 
                  ten most-viewed videos on the site for the past few days.
on 
                  the bright side, this means that the studio is aware of all 
                  of the fan demand for the project.
the 
                  trailer is probably hosted on other parts of the web, but you'll 
                  have to find it for yourselves. i'd prefer not to hear from 
                  any lawyers myself :) hopefully everyone who wanted to see the 
                  trailer has been able to. 



about 
                  online petitions...
 
                  we've gotten a lot of e-mail from people wanting to start online 
                  petitions to get the cw network to reconsider and air aquaman.
we 
                  don't really get behind individual petitions here, but if you 
                  want to know more about the petitions, visit the aquamantv 
                  forum at kryptonsite. 



news 
                  posted may 20, 2006 



mistaken 
                  reports 
 
                  articles in the washington post and ign.com have implied that 
                  aquaman is still a contender for midseason placement, 
                  and that this was said at the cw upfronts by entertainment president 
                  dawn ostroff on may 18.
we 
                  don't want to get up any false hopes, but as far as we know 
                  at aquamantv, there are no plans to put the series on 
                  at midseason. which is why it is very important to spread the 
                  word around the net that you want to see aquaman - so 
                  perhaps, by some miracle or chance, executives at the cw will 
                  decide to exercise their right to put in an order for more of 
                  the series while they still can.
(and 
                  if for some reason the cw does exercise the right to 
                  pick this up for midseason, we will happily admit "we're 
                  wrong here" and send a million thank-yous dawn ostroff's 
                  way)
the 
                  youtube trailer (now since removed so the link is now gone) 
                  has been viewed over 100,000 times in just two days - that's 
                  like 1/20 the average weekly audience of, say, veronica mars. 
                  there's a lot of demand out there, and the best thing you can 
                  all do is spread the word. 



aquaman 
                  pilot episode review!
you've 
                  probably all seen the trailer on youtube (hopefully - before 
                  warner brothers took it down); now, was the pilot itself as 
                  good as the 2 1/2 minutes that have leaked out there?
we've 
                  been given the opportunity to screen the aquaman pilot 
                  episode, which was produced for the cw's fall lineup but sadly 
                  did not make the final cut. what we saw could have been the 
                  cw's first big hit.
click 
                  here to read our pilot episode review at kryptonsite! 



aquaman 
                  cast image!
another 
                  one for the "what might have been" file... we've managed 
                  to obtain an image of the regular cast of what would have been 
                  aquaman season 1.
from 
                  left to right: amber mcdonald, lou diamond phillips, justin 
                  hartley, ving rhames, and denise quinones.
click 
                  here to take a larger look! 



news 
                  posted may 18, 2006 



would
aquaman 
                  have been on wednesdays at 9?
"dennis" 
                  sent us to a link at the cw's website that would have put aquaman 
                  on wednesdays at 9pm.
unfortunately, 
                  as we've seen, the timeslot has been taken by one tree hill.
apparently 
                  the links have already been removed, but if you're curious about 
                  what might have been, all you have to do is look at the thumbnail 
                  to your left.
(the 
                  cw folks have been really busy removing aquaman stuff 
                  today, haven't they?) 



news 
                  posted may 16, 2006; updated may 18, 2006 



aquaman: 
                  sunk!
 
                  the rumors are true: the new cw network has announced their 
                  fall 2006 schedule, and aquaman is not on it.
what 
                  seemed like a sure bet is now lost at sea, and the hard work 
                  of the actors and crew involved with the show may have been 
                  lost to the bermuda triangle of tv pilots that never made it 
                  to series. (and yeah, you're probably already sick of our water 
                  metaphors). 
hopefully 
                  the pilot will someday surface on a dvd at some point so we 
                  can all see it. it's just a shame; comics could use another 
                  good tv series adaptation, and now the legions of justin hartley 
                  fans have to keep searching for a new project for their one-time 
                  "fox crane." thanks for being loyal aquamantv readers... 
                  hopefully, this is not the end. 



news 
                  posted may 7, 2006 



not 
                  so much of a sure thing?
 
                  today's editions of variety 
                  mention some possible bad news for the aquaman project:

"then 
                    there's the cw, which some believe may head into fall without 
                    the one pilot that seemed like a sure thing: aquaman. topping 
                    the list there appears to be the sony tv entry runaway."

decisions 
                  on the cw line-up will be forthcoming in the next 2 weeks, with 
                  the final announcements being made may 18. don't count this 
                  commentary as a sure "no" or "yes," but 
                  we are just spreading the word...
thanks 
                  to sofa for the tip. 



news 
                  posted april 28, 2006 



good 
                  chances for aquaman
 
                  a feature on cnn 
                  money today has a research director from horizon media, 
                  a media buying firm, thinking that mercy reef may have 
                  some good chances for success. here's what it said:

adgate 
                    also said that "aquaman", a spin-off of "smallville," 
                    which chronicles the life of clark kent (superman) as a teen 
                    also has a good shot of succeeding on the cw, the new network 
                    that is being created by the merger of cbs-owned upn and the 
                    time warner-owned wb.

to 
                  read the complete article click 
                  here. 



cw 
                  upfronts date: may 18, 2006
 
                  the new cw network will be presenting its fall 2006 line-up 
                  to advertisers in new york on thursday, may 18, 2006. it is 
                  expected that around this time we will know for sure if mercy 
                  reef lands on the schedule. 



smallville's 
                  "aqua" episode re-airs may 11
 
                  a curious choice for a repeat episode, the wb will be airing 
                  the smallville episode "aqua" featuring aquaman 
                  on thursday, may 11 at 9pm (et), following their airing of the 
                  show's fifth season finale, "vessel."
the 
                  episode featured alan ritchson in the role of arthur "a.c." 
                  curry, the role that justin hartley will be playing in mercy 
                  reef. 
perhaps 
                  this is an attempt to again see if there's interest in the aquaman 
                  character, or to prepare the fans for a new project that may 
                  be coming this fall? or, could it be that they just want to 
                  re-air one of the season's highest-rated episodes? guess we'll 
                  know their motivations soon enough...
(keep 
                  in mind that repeat schedules could change. we're still surprised 
                  they're not doing a "superman returns" preview after 
                  the smallville finale...) 



news 
                  posted april 13, 2006 



the 
                  first promo shot from the pilot?
special 
                  thanks to: riles
the 
                  hollywood reporter today included this photo alongside 
                  an article about the cw's fall development, which features 
                  justin hartley (ac), amber mcdonald (eva), and an 
                  unidentified extra:

hope 
                  this will be the first of many promo shots that will come to 
                  the surface! 



news 
                  posted april 12, 2006 



justin 
                  hartley at the "american dreamz" premiere

justin hartley and his wife lindsay were spotted in hollywood 
                  on monday, april 11 at the arclight theater for premiere of 
                  the movie "american dreamz" starring hugh grant, mandy 
                  moore and dennis quaid.
heath 
                  and anna (both good friends of aquamantv's webmaster) have shared 
                  with us two photos of justin from outside the premiere. note 
                  that his hair is a perfect shade for his recent aquatic role.
click 
                  here to take a look at the pictures!
note: 
                  we ask that if you would like to share these photos, to please 
                  just place a link to the pages rather than reposting on your 
                  own web sites. thanks! 



news 
                  posted april 4, 2006 



behind-the-scenes 
                  pilot photos!
 
                  the homestead 
                  air reserve base was used last week for some filming on 
                  mercy reef, and they have posted some photos on their 
                  website. the crew shot material at five locations on the 
                  base.
included 
                  in the behind-the-scenes photos is this 
                  great picture of denise quiñones preparing for a 
                  scene.
click 
                  here to see their full gallery. 



news 
                  posted march 31, 2006 



lou 
                  diamond phillips talks about the pilot

lou diamond phillips, is the first actor from mercy 
                  reef to talk publicly about the project and all the buzz 
                  associated with it. at movieweb, 
                  he had this to say, while participating in a junket for the 
                  dvd release of the 
                  triangle:
"the 
                  funny thing about the aquaman project is that there's so much 
                  buzz about it already. which is amazing, i mean you don't usually 
                  get that with a pilot, because they're sort of sight unseen. 
                  with the announcement that al gough and miles millar were doing 
                  this, basically spinning off of smallville, but not really, 
                  it is it's own creature if you will, there was a lot of speculation 
                  and a lot of buzz. i can say just having been on the set, having 
                  been with ving and justin hartley, who is amazing and i think 
                  is gonna blow up, we nailed it, man. it was a wonderful script 
                  and it was so much enthusiasm and so much heart, and i have 
                  to say an incredible amount of support. from the network, from 
                  the studio and i think everybody had high hopes for it."
phillips 
                  also talked about the prospects for the show being picked up, 
                  but hey, you should visit the original source to read what he 
                  had to say. so, click 
                  here to read the interview at movieweb!
thanks 
                  to jup-2 and wings for the tip. 



news 
                  posted march 29, 2006 



wizard 
                  mentions mercy reef
 
                  issue #175 of wizard (one of the leading magazines about 
                  comics) makes mention of the mercy reef pilot. the article 
                  includes a picture of justin hartley (a.c.).
but 
                  more amusing than the news article, which covers material seen 
                  previously on the net, is a humorous list of rejected titles 
                  for aquaman's tv show. below are some of the best:


arthur's 
                      creek
                      buoy meets world
                      beverly hills h2o
                      the o.c.ean
                      7th fathom
                      gill-more girls
                      the offish
                      as the seaworld turns
surf 
                      & turf
                      days of our tides
                      one sea hill
                      desperate fishwives
                      two guys, a girl and a sushi place
                      veronica marsh
                      jump the shark


wizard 
                  #175 is available in comic book stores now. 



news 
                  posted march 18, 2006 



amber 
                  mcdonald delivers "eva"

amber mcdonald will be playing a.c.'s best friend, eva, 
                  in the aquaman pilot.
some 
                  of the background of the character seems to have changed over 
                  the development of the series, but what we do know for sure 
                  is that eva and a.c. have known each other for a while.
amber 
                  was raised in key west, florida, and has been acting since she 
                  was very young, performing at her parents' theater, the red 
                  barn. she's a graduate of boston university, where she received 
                  her bfa in acting. she also studied at the london academy of 
                  music and dramatic arts.
mcdonald 
                  performed on the new york stage in such shows as love in 
                  the age of narcissism and no. 11 blue and white.
amber's 
                  previous television credits include as the word turns, guiding 
                  light, and a 2005 episode of law & order: special 
                  victims unit. film credits include searching for bobby 
                  d., you tell me, lay me down, hide and seek, and perfect 
                  match. 



news 
                  posted march 15, 2006 



rick 
                  peters' role: admiral brigman
 
                  we have learned that the role actor rick peters will 
                  be playing is that of admiral brigman, the man in charge 
                  of the facility where rachel starling (denise quinones) serves. 
                  he is not playing tom curry as erroneously assumed elsewhere 
                  (the role of curry is played by lou diamond phillips).
to 
                  see who else is cast in the pilot, visit the aquamantv 
                  cast page. 



"young 
                  a.c.:" a better look
 
                  we now have a better picture of graham bentz, who will 
                  be playing "young a.c." in flashback sequences.
click 
                  here to take a larger look! 



rick 
                  peters signs in

variety 
                  is reporting that actor rick peters has joined the cast 
                  of the aquaman tv pilot. interestingly, variety is referring 
                  to the pilot as simply aquaman.
peters 
                  is also familiar to the millar/gough dc universe, as he appeared 
                  as one of two persuasive former salesmen in the first-season 
                  smallville episode "hug."
39-year-old 
                  peters' other credits include episodes of close to home, 
                  si, csi: miami, and veronica mars. 



news 
                  posted march 10, 2006 



mercy 
                  reef in entertainment weekly
 
                  the casting of justin hartley and his replacing will 
                  toale is featured in the march 17, 2006 issue of entertainment 
                  weekly, now hitting newsstands and arriving in subscriber 
                  mailboxes.
the 
                  article takes a look at other actors who have been signed for 
                  or appeared in pilots, only to be replaced in regular series, 
                  like ray romano in the newsradio pilot or mark hamill on the 
                  first episode of eight is enough in the role later taken 
                  by grant goodeve.
photos 
                  of toale, hartley, and the comic-book aquaman (pre-one year 
                  later) accompany the article, as does a quote from executive 
                  producer alfred gough.
interesting 
                  to note: the magazine does refer to the pilot as mercy 
                  reef, which may be a sign that the title has been given 
                  the go-ahead. 



miami 
                  today looks at mercy reef's financial impact

miami today has posted an article about the currently-filming 
                  aquaman pilot and its possible benefits to the miami-dade community. 
                  the article is a little out of date, as it still lists will 
                  toale as the show lead, but if you'd like to read more about 
                  the business side of things, you can do so by following 
                  this link.  



news 
                  posted march 7, 2006 



day 
                  one of filming is complete!
 
                  just a quick update that we have heard that the first day of 
                  filming on the pilot episode is complete and we hear that justin 
                  hartley is "a great swimmer." here's to hoping it's 
                  a smooth production! 



news 
                  posted march 6, 2006 



more 
                  pilot details surface
 
                  some more storyline details about what will happen in the aquaman 
                  tv pilot have now surfaced.
click 
                  here for some spoilers! 



news 
                  posted march 4, 2006 



another 
                  big name signs up: lou diamond phillips is tom curry

lou diamond phillips, who was last seen on the wb in 
                  the series finale of jack & bobby, will be playing 
                  a.c.'s father, tom curry, who we believe is an officer with 
                  the coast guard.
phillips 
                  is known for a wide range of tv and movie work over the last 
                  20 years. he was also a one-time tony award nominee. major film 
                  credits include young guns, courage under fire, la bamba, 
                  and stand and deliver. he appeared in the scifi channel 
                  miniseries the triangle, so he should be used to bermuda 
                  triangle weirdness by now.
to 
                  see who else is cast in the pilot, visit the aquamantv 
                  cast page. 



news 
                  posted march 2, 2006 



a 
                  better look at "atlanna"
 
                  unaware to us, the photo we posted of daniella wolters 
                  (atlanna) was a bit out of date.
thankfully, 
                  we've been able to get better images of the actress who will 
                  be playing a.c.'s atlantean mother.
click 
                  here to take a look. 



news 
                  posted march 1, 2006 



more 
                  casting news: atlanna, young a.c. cast
 
                  playing the role of a.c.'s atlantean mother, atlanna, in the 
                  soon-to-be-filmed pilot episode will be daniella wolters,
sometimes 
                  credited as daniella deutscher.
previous 
                  credits for ms. wolters include playing the lead role of julie 
                  connor on the nbc series hang time, and guest shots on 
                  24 and las vegas. she was also at one time a model 
                  in japan.
graham 
                  bentz will be playing young a.c. in a flashback sequence. 
                  imdb lists an episode of judging amy as one of his previous 
                  credits. we imagine the photo with this article is a few years 
                  old. 
the 
                  aquamantv cast page has now been 
                  updated to include these additions. if you feel the need to 
                  duplicate information from that page, please also place a link. 
                  thanks.  



news 
                  posted february 23, 2006 



adrianne 
                  palicki is a "siren"
 
                  playing a "siren" in mercy reef will be adrianne 
                  palicki, who fans of smallville might remember as proto-supergirl 
                  "kara" in a third season smallville episode.
recent 
                  credits for adrianne include an appearance on supernatural.
click 
                  here to read the aquamantv cast page! 



news 
                  posted february 22, 2006 



welcome!
 
                  we'd like to welcome all of the new fans who are now visiting 
                  aquamantv who are coming following the news of justin hartley's 
                  casting. justin's huge fan base from his role as fox on passions 
                  already seems enthusiastic and excited for this role, and we 
                  hope you all enjoy visiting the site for the latest on the aquaman 
                  project.  



news 
                  posted february 21, 2006 



breaking 
                  news: toale out, hartley in as a.c.
 
                  the rumors are true: will toale will no longer be the cw's new 
                  aquaman.
replacing 
                  him is 28-year-old justin hartley, a familiar face to 
                  fans of the nbc soap passions.
you 
                  can find a lot more information and pictures of justin at justin 
                  hartley online. 
update:
this recasting has now been confirmed by the hollywood 
                  reporter. the hollywood reporter had some additional things 
                  to say about the replacement of will toale, which you can read 
                  below:
"will 
                  is a talented actor with a promising career and we hope to work 
                  with him in the future," a cw spokesman said. "we 
                  have made the decision to go in a different direction with the 
                  aquaman role and wish him the best of luck in all of his endeavors."
sources 
                  said the move to recast the lead role was a result of last month's 
                  surprise announcement by cbs corp. and warner bros. entertainment 
                  of plans to shut down cbs-owned upn and warners' signature network 
                  in order to start a jointly owned network, dubbed the cw, in 
                  the fall. upn president dawn ostroff is set to oversee programming 
                  for the cw.
sources 
                  said that after the upn team began taking a look at wb's pilot 
                  development prospects, the decision was made to proceed with 
                  "aquaman" but with a new lead. sources said cbs corp. 
                  president and ceo leslie moonves, who is known for his interest 
                  and savvy in pilot casting decisions, weighed in on the matter 
                  and recommended that they seek a new star, though toale was 
                  still said to be in the running to keep the role as of last 
                  week.
special 
                  thanks goes out to andrea for the awesome "orange shirt" 
                  manip   



news 
                  posted february 20, 2006 



ving 
                  rhames cast as mccaffery
 
                  we have just learned that golden globe award winner ving 
                  rhames (kojak, mission: impossible iii) has been 
                  cast on the cw aquaman project as mccaffery, the lighthouse 
                  keeper and a.c.'s mentor.
stay 
                  tuned to aquamantv for more big news later this week.
update:
this casting, as well as the casting of denise quiñones 
                  as rachel, have both now been confirmed in variety. 



news 
                  posted february 13, 2006 



denise 
                  quiñones joins mercy reef as "rachel"

denise quiñones, who was recently seen in the 
                  smallville episode "vengeance" as andrea, the 
                  "avenging angel," will be hanging out with another 
                  future superhero soon as she has been cast in the role of rachel, 
                  a young woman who is a potential love interest for the a.c. 
                  character.
quiñones 
                  was crowned miss universe in 2001 after being named miss puerto 
                  rico the same year. denise was born in ponce, puerto rico on 
                  september 9, 1980.
click 
                  here to read the aquamantv cast page! 



news 
                  posted february 3, 2006 



aquaman 
                  mention in tv guide insider
 
                  an online interview with tv's original man from atlantis, patrick 
                  duffy, has its tv guide interviewer making an aquaman 
                  casting suggestion: 
tvguide.com: 
                  me, i'd like to see the man from atlantis as aquaman's dad on 
                  the smallville spin-off.
                  duffy: that would be a very nice wink-wink, nudge-nudge 
                  kind of thing. i'm open to all of it. i am of the age now where 
                  i'm not going to be the swashbuckling superhero, and that's 
                  perfectly fine.
you 
                  can read the entire article here. 



more 
                  aquaman roles being cast
                  special thanks to: ms. info
filming 
                  for the aquaman tv pilot is less than a month away, and 
                  that means some more roles for the pilot episode are being cast. 
                  these roles will include one or two that are very important 
                  to the aquaman mythos.
click 
                  here to see what they are. 



news 
                  posted january 28, 2006 



entity 
                  to create aquaman fx
 
                  entity fx, who have done the special effects work for smallville 
                  since its second season, will also be doing the effects work 
                  for the aquaman pilot, according to this 
                  press release.
hopefully 
                  we'll have some more aqua-related news soon. 



news 
                  posted january 24, 2006 



upn 
                  & the wb merge; what does this mean for aquaman?
 
                  it has been announced that both upn and the wb television networks 
                  will cease operations and merge as one network - currently called 
                  "the cw" - that will premiere in the fall of 2006. 
                  this will create a 6-night network of combined programming consisting 
                  of the best of the wb and upn.
unfortunately, 
                  this means fewer timeslots will be available on the fall schedule, 
                  and that competition for those slots will be tougher.
stay 
                  tuned and we'll post updates as we hear more. at the current 
                  moment it sounds like aquaman's future is still solid. 



news 
                  posted january 23, 2006 



cfq 
                  talks to gough about aquaman
 
                  the american science fiction and genre magazine cfq 
                  has a 2-page feature on the aquaman pilot in their january/february 
                  2006 issue.
here 
                  are some highlights from edward gross's interview with executive 
                  producer alfred gough.

on 
                    what will separate this aquaman from the version of the character 
                    we saw on smallville: "i think the character in 
                    that episode was a little further along in his development 
                    than we want to do on the series," gough told cfq.
on 
                    what makes the young version of aquaman, "a.c.," 
                    markedly different from smallville's clark kent: "i 
                    have to say that if clark kent is luke skywalker, then arthur 
                    curry has got to be han solo."
"batman 
                    is perceived as cool, whereas characters like aquaman and 
                    superman are perceived as kind of lame goody two-shoes. certainly 
                    five years ago superman was perceived as a boy scout. it's 
                    a challenge, but it's fun because there lies the ability to 
                    surprise people with what you do," gough says.
about 
                    a.c.'s powers: "he can breathe underwater and swim faster 
                    than humans and has super strength underwater," gough 
                    tells cfq. "he can operate on land, but we're 
                    playing with the fact that if he's exposed to water, his powers 
                    kick in on land. this is being done for a couple of reasons. 
                    one, we want to tell stories on land and not just spend entire 
                    episodes on the water. two, this gives you the ability to 
                    expand his crime-fighting abilities on land as well. what's 
                    also good about aquaman is that his kryptonite is that if 
                    he doesn't get water, he dehydrates, gets sick and weakens, 
                    which is much easier than looking for a kryptonite rock." 
                    later in the interview, gough says "what we're thinking 
                    is that his exposure to water on land gives him limited super 
                    strength. it's kind of like popeye with spinach, which is 
                    the easiest analogy."
gough 
                    reveals that there are many story opportunities for an aquaman 
                    series. "the stories themselves will deal with stopping 
                    polluters, there will also be bermuda triangle stories, there 
                    will be stories involving the military, there will be stories 
                    on land. in the real world we just had bandits robbing cruise 
                    ships - that's a good aquaman story," he says. "in 
                    some ways, i think you'll have a lot more story opportunities 
                    than we initially did on smallville, because there are so 
                    many areas that we will be able to pull from."

if 
                  you want to read the full article (which features many more 
                  quotes from gough), the latest issue of cfq is now available 
                  on newsstands - look for king kong on the cover. you can also 
                  learn more about cfq at cfq.com. 



more 
                  aqua-details in gough tv guide online interview

tv guide online has spoken to executive producer alfred 
                  gough about smallville's 
                  100th episode, and within there was some talk about that aquaman 
                  tv pilot. here are the new details which surfaced:

tvguide.com: 
                    you mentioned aquaman before. where do you stand with the 
                    pilot?
gough: we cast aquaman, obviously — will toale 
                    — and we are prepping to start shooting in march in miami. 
                    
tvguide.com: 
                    does alan ritchson feel gypped? was there any unsaid agreement 
                    that, having guest-starred as smallville's a.c., he'd 
                    get dibs on the series?
gough: no, there wasn't, because at the time we did 
                    the episode, we had no plans for doing a series. we think 
                    alan did a great job in that episode, but when you see the 
                    series, it's a different version of the character than what 
                    you saw on smallville.
tvguide.com: 
                    the basic "hook," no pun intended, is that a.c. 
                    runs a dive shop?
gough: he lives in the florida keys, and again, it's 
                    a guy in his twenties who really doesn't know about his destiny 
                    and has these abilities. he uses them to have fun and get 
                    laid, but then in the pilot, destiny comes knocking at his 
                    door and he realizes what his true calling is, which is that 
                    he's the exiled prince of atlantis. we liken him to prince 
                    hal in henry iv, before he becomes henry v. 
                    it's about getting his act together because his future holds 
                    bigger things than running a dive shop.
tvguide.com: 
                    will it be a struggle to keep his adventures land-based? i 
                    mean, how many sea horses can he summon to apprehend a bank 
                    robber?
gough: there will be a fair amount of tank work, but 
                    we're not going to atlantis or anything like that. plus, you 
                    obviously also have the bermuda triangle down there as well, 
                    so that plays a part.
tvguide.com: 
                    who knows what sort of creepy crawlies can come out of there?
gough: right, who knows what could come out 
                    of the bermuda triangle?


you 
                  can read the entire interview by clicking 
                  here. be warned of potential 
                  smallville spoilers. 



news 
                  posted january 20, 2006 



smallville's 
                  gough on crossovers
 
                  should aquaman's tv pilot lead to an ongoing series, 
                  don't necessarily expect for there to be immediate crossovers 
                  with that other superhero tv series executive produced by alfred 
                  gough and miles millar.
in 
                  an interview with our companion site kryptonsite, here's what 
                  gough had to say about the potential for crossovers:

k-site: 
                    will the aquaman series take place in the smallville universe? 
                    is there any chance of a crossover?
gough: 
                    will we crossover? my guess is down the road, perhaps there 
                    will be some crossover. i don't think in the first season, 
                    but don't hold me to that, that could all change. i think 
                    you have to establish a show on its own terms before you could 
                    start to do that kind of stuff. it's not like a buffy/angel 
                    thing where you're spinning a character that you've lived 
                    with in one show into another show, so it feels obvious that 
                    you cross people over.

to 
                  read the entire interview, click 
                  here. be warned that the interview contains spoilers for 
                  smallville episode 100 and beyond. 



news 
                  posted january 14, 2006 



pilot 
                  to begin shooting march 6
 
                  the january 20, 2006 issue of entertainment weekly has 
                  a brief article about will toale's aquaman casting and notes 
                  that the pilot is scheduled to begin march 6. the issue is available 
                  at newsstands now and features a photo of toale that we don't 
                  even have in our extensive gallery.
here's 
                  what they said, including quotes from series creators alfred 
                  gough and miles millar:

what 
                    -- besides the ability to make orange spandex pop -- qualifies 
                    an actor to play aquaman? let's check in with smallville 
                    co-creator al gough, who just signed newcomer will 
                    toale to star as the king of atlantis in a pilot he's 
                    devloping for the wb. "like all great wb stars, he comes 
                    from the great white way," gough quips of the streetcar 
                    named desire vet. "the fact that he's good-looking 
                    is just an accident." (gough and co-exec producer miles 
                    millar also cite toale's "warmth, strength, and charm.") 
                    but back to the spandex: toale -- who despite what imdb.com 
                    says, appears fully clothed in his sole film credit, uptown 
                    girls -- will play twentysomething florida dive shop owner 
                    a.c. (that's arthur curry for the aquaman-lore impaired.) 
                    the team starts shooting the pilot march 6, and gough, who 
                    has demonstrated with smallville that he's undaunted 
                    by big ideas, promises the following: "if i'm going to 
                    give you the pretentious literary influence, it's henry 
                    iv."
 



news 
                  posted december 28, 2005 



aquaman 
                  pilot mentioned in tv guide
 
                  still no news on the aquaman pilot, which is still casting... 
                  we did, however, find a feature in the latest issue of tv guide 
                  where they speculate on who should star in the series.
some 
                  results are obviously humorous, but thanks to meda saber, we 
                  have a scan. enjoy! 



news 
                  posted november 18, 2005 



gough 
                  talks about aquaman in entertainment weekly
 
                  an article in entertainment weekly about the current 
                  tv season's success stories had a large focus on smallville 
                  with quotes from executive producer alfred gough. 
                  at one point in the article, gough talks about what will differentiate 
                  the aquaman project from its precursor.
"smallville 
                  is puberty with superpowers. this will be about adulthood - 
                  you have this power, so what are you going to do with your life?" 
                  gough said.
you 
                  can find scans of the article at kryptonsite. 
                   



news 
                  posted november 14, 2005 



spoilers 
                  round-up 
 
                  we have collated the information we have so far about the plot 
                  lines that we may be seeing in an aquaman tv project. 
                  click here to be one of the first 
                  to visit the aquamantv spoilers page! 



more 
                  aquaman details revealed in daily variety
daily 
                  variety's  print editions today revealed more about the 
                  aquaman project. here are some highlights:

creators 
                    millar and gough are hoping to create "a grounded version 
                    of the aquaman mythology." the focus will be on an arthur 
                    curry who "knows what he wants to do with his life, which 
                    is to protect the oceans."
curry 
                    will have some superpowers, though he's only still beginning 
                    to understand them. powers will include breathing underwater 
                    and super-strength underwater. even a little bit of water 
                    will enhance his power, which will allow the producers to 
                    explore some stories on land.
wb 
                    entertainment's david janollari said that when work on the 
                    smallville episode "aqua" progressed, "it 
                    became clear there was a wb series in aquaman... potentially 
                    the next-generation hit for us in the vein of smallville."
while 
                    gough and millar considered a possible lois lane series, "this 
                    was the first idea where we really thought we had a franchise, 
                    where we could see 100 episodes," millar told variety.
popular 
                    smallville director greg beeman will be directing the 
                    series pilot, according to daily variety.
 



news 
                  posted november 13, 2005 



new 
                  aquaman won't be alan ritchson
a 
                  new face will be playing the role of arthur curry in the aquaman 
                  tv pilot, which is tentatively said to be shooting in florida 
                  in early 2006.
warner 
                  bros. 
                  is searching in many places - from new york to los angeles, 
                  miami, canada, even australia - in the search for a new aquaman. 
                  the "new guy" will likely be in his early twenties.
a 
                  casting notice went out in early november looking for the following: 
                  
arthur 
                  curry (aka aquaman): 18-24 years old. blond or light brown hair, 
                  drop dead handsome with an incredible swimmer's body...series 
                  regular
trade 
                  reports imply that the smallville "aqua" episode 
                  was not intended to be a template for the new series, so there 
                  may be some tweaks and changes from the initial interpretation. 
                  to further hammer home that this is a different project and 
                  not a smallville spin-off, ritchson was "not even 
                  a contender" for the series. "he did a wonderful job 
                  on the show, but this is going to be a different version of 
                  the 'aquaman' legend," executive producer alfred gough 
                  said in today's variety. the pilot "will be different 
                  than what you saw on smallville. that was our out-of-town 
                  trial version."
the 
                  florida keys and the nearby bermuda triangle may be locations 
                  and settings that will come into play in an aquaman series. 
                  also, don't look for the show to necessarily be called aquaman. 
                  "there's a mystery surrounding the disappearance of 
                  (curry's) mother and the bermuda triangle," gough told 
                  variety, adding that other weird occurrences related 
                  to the triangle will provide plotlines. it was also revealed 
                  that arthur will live with his adopted father, an officer with 
                  the coast guard.

and 
                  that's all we have for now! stay tuned to aquamantv for more 
                  information as it becomes available. 



the 
                  hollywood reporter confirms 
                  aquaman pilot
the 
                  hollywood reporter has confirmed that the wb has made a 
                  "put pilot commitment" for an aquaman tv series. 
                  it, like smallville, will be created and executive produced 
                  by alfred gough and miles millar. "the project is envisioned 
                  as a contemporary reinterpretation of the character who lives 
                  in the deep sea and enlists sharks and other oceanic creatures 
                  to help him in his crime-fighting endeavors," the article 
                  says. it also reveals that this character will be in his early 
                  twenties.
click 
                  here to read the hollywood reporter article! 



news 
                  posted november 9, 2005 


ausiello 
                confirms aquaman rumors
tv 
                guide's mike ausiello has confirmed in his 
                weekly column that the rumors of an aquaman spin-off from 
                the creators of smallville are true.
should 
                  this pilot actually happen, you can rely on aquamantv as being 
                  your source for the aquaman tv project much like kryptonsite 
                  for smallville and gotham 
                  clock tower for birds of prey in the past. as you 
                  can see below, there is certainly a demand for such a project, 
                  as 59% of fans polled said they would at the very least consider 
                  watching an aquaman tv spin-off. "aqua" was 
                  one of smallville season 5's highest-rated episodes thus 
                  far.
discuss 
                  this development on the aquamantv forum at kryptonsite! 



click 
                  here to read some older headlines
 

















