



second floor music












































we publish jazz combos (quintets to octets), big bands, sax quartets, piano folios and method books. our charts were written and recorded by jazz legends and contemporary jazz masters. think of our site as a toolkit: we'll help you find the chart you need and give you the information you'll need to teach and play it effectively.  listen to our new easy sextet set: (click on title for realaudio clip)sonny's mood (sonny clark)grant's tune (grant green)nice and easy (johnny griffin)in walked horace (j.j. johnson)al's mist (al grey)the clan (curtis fuller)  










			if you've never been here before, choose composer list from the left navigation bar, go to a composer you know (click on the first letter of the composer's last name), click on a song title (they're underlined), and you'll see the instrumentation & analysis of the chart. you can hear a sound clip of the recording if you click on the realaudio button in the detail screen, and you can also read a brief biography of the composer and link to a site to learn more about the composer. if you play jazz or teach it, explore our site. order through your local music dealer, call music dispatch at 1-800-637-2852 or check out one of the online music stores through our "to order" links.  you can always return to this home page by pressing the sfm logo in the upper left corner of the side navigation bar, or press the back button on your browser.


©2000 second floor music, all rights reserved.















in addition to the many arrangements and publications here, be sure to check out our digital site jazzleadsheets.com for more music ready for immediate download. also check out our latest prize-winning nonet composition, evolvent by yuriy galkin, available at ejazzlines.com.- - - - - - - -now there are three ways to get great music to play: -- immediate gratification at jazzleadsheets.com with downloadable pdfs -- get rare jazz charts from jazz lines and the don sickler jazz lines editions -- get sfm print publications from halleonard.com  at jazzleadsheets.com you can download great jazz lead sheets and more from second floor music jazz composers.every lead sheet is available in c treble clef, b-flat, e-flat and c bass clef get musical & historical info hear a sample of every song links to online sources for the audio recordings (itunes, amazon, etc.)  transcribed solos by trumpeters clifford brown, art farmer, booker little, tenor saxophonist hank mobley, alto saxophonist gigi gryce, and more. pay by credit card then download your files. no waiting. a fantastic way to learn new music. don sickler editions. jazz lines publications and don sickler have teamed up to offer this exciting new series! featured are classic hard bop combo charts written for and recorded by legendary groups such as the jazz messengers and the jazztet by important artist composers/arrangers such as hank mobley, art farmer, kenny dorham, and other great artists and arrangers! these small group combo charts are being published exactly as they were recorded. to purchase sfm charts online, go to halleonard.com for combos, big bands and methods.- - - - - - -hear it and sing it! exploring the blues with judy niemack. includes 14 new songs and two cds featuring judy and guest vocalists, plus accompaniment-only tracks.












