


index.htm












 






 


         
				
 

				your hobby is our business!


jet model products

17702 s emerald 
				view dr

raymore mo 64083

ph/fax: 
				816-331-0356
 

email tom cook



tcook@jetmodelproducts.com










 

                                                   




 

 
		
 
		
 
		
 
		
 
		


 
		
 
		
 
		
 
		






new!!!     new!!!   new!!!   new!!!    new!!!   new!!!   new!!!   new!!!


improved air trap 
		design!

		                                                                            
		


 
jmp is now 
		releasing its newly designed air traps. our earlier air traps worked 
		great with its internal filter. in most cases, the filter would last 
		several years without replacement. but, when filled with debris, they 
		had to be returned to us for re-build. in most cases with good fuel 
		filtering they went a long way and continue to function properly in many 
		models. the problem here is that too many modelers used these traps 
		until they totally clogged and failed. this should never happen on 
		expensive models as an engine out  was usually the result. 


our new design air traps have several upgrades. 
		the machined parts inside and out are absolute perfection. the 
		fiberglass body is made of multiple layers of a special fabric and 
		resin. the clear plastic bodies you often see make end seals far less 
		reliable and not always leak proof. our fiberglass bodies are prepared 
		and permanently epoxied to the air trap end caps. we have changed over 
		to an entirely different air bubble diffuser and core. the diffuser 
		breaks up air bubbles completely before they enter the final fuel feed 
		line going to the pump.  the used core and diffuser can be easily 
		unscrewed from the air trap body and replaced with the new core and 
		diffuser. it should only take a couple of minutes. in fact, you might be 
		able to do the replacement of the used core and diffuser without 
		removing the air trap body from the model.  just remove the fuel out 
		fuel line from the center fitting on the core and unscrew the used core. 
		a 5/8” deep socket is all it takes. 

the screw-in removable core is not 
		available in the small size air traps because of the small diameter of 
		the body. the same bubble diffuser used in the medium size air trap is 
		built inside the small size air trap. we will be able to install a new 
		diffuser in the small size air trap, but it will need to be returned to 
		jmp.

it is going to take some time to know 
		when to replace the air trap core and diffuser. obviously, there are 
		many variables on this. as of now i would say once a year or 100 gallons 
		of properly filtered fuel to be safe. 

it takes a long time and quite a few 
		people flying new parts in their jets for me to be sure we have a good 
		part. this does not often happen in our hobby. it is more normal for 
		many jet companies to just make some parts, copy some others, and throw 
		the product out on the market. we have been making air traps longer than 
		anyone else in this business and for a good reason. excellent design, 
		proper testing and great product support.  i am very hesitant to show 
		the new air trap air diffuser, but here goes.  as we continue to set the 
		standard on air traps, i don’t think it will be long until our 
		competition makes similar changes. 

we still have quite a few of the older 
		design traps that can be final assembled and shipped. most are of the 
		vertical design in all sizes. the small and x-large sizes are still 
		available in both vertical and horizontal design. we can discount the 
		older design air traps at 50% until existing stock runs out. this is a 
		good deal and will not last long.

air traps
           small 
		horizontal mount-1.5”x 3.25”-2.9 ozs................ 127.12    
           small 
		vertical mount-1.5” x 3.25”-2.9 ozs..................... 99.28
           
		medium horizontal mount-1.75” x 3.75”-4.66 ozs........ 129.04
           medium 
		vertical mount-1.75” x 3.75”-4.66 ozs............ 100.72
           large 
		horizontal mount-2.25”x 4”-8.8 ozs................... 171.71
           large 
		vertical mount-2.25”x 4”-8.8 ozs....................... 133.31
           extra large 
		horizontal mount-3”x 5”-19.5 ozs............. 183.11
           extra large 
		vertical mount-3”x 5”-19.5 ozs................. 145.79


     
  choose 
		one option for each fuel line:

       1. number of “fuel in” hose 
		fittings 1___or 2___
      2. size of 
		“fuel in” hose fittings 1/8”___or 3/16”___
      3. size of 
		“fuel out to pump” hose fittings 1/8”___or 3/16”___
      4. size of 
		“fuel/de-fuel” hose fitting and fuel line plug 1/8”___ or 3/16”___

replacement cores

      large/extra large 
		................................................................. 45.00

      
		small/medium 
		........................................................................... 
		35.00



flush fuel vent 
		system

                  
		                      
		

fv-1 ……………. 
		37.00

the jmp fv-1 flush fuel vent system 
		begins with the main threaded fitting. a 3/8” hole is drilled into the 
		fuselage and the threaded fitting is secured with the 3/8” washer and 
		panel nut. there are two sizes of fuel line choices for the vent line, 
		either 3/16” or 1/8” id.  this fuel system vent line attaches the 
		internal right angle fitting to the main fuel tank vent.  if you are 
		using the fv-6 forward facing vent, or, “scoop”, time the two mount 
		holes of the threaded fitting to point the “scoop” forward. 




fv-6 
		………………… 28.80

the fv-6 forward facing vent, or 
		“scoop” is screwed to the main chassis with (2) #2-56x3/32 socket head 
		cap screws.  this “scoop” is usually installed if there is excessive 
		fuel exiting the main fuel tank vent line. this residual fuel on the 
		fuselage is often caused by aggressive flying including inverted pushing 
		maneuvers.  sometimes, the fuselage boundary layer near the external 
		vent can also cause fuel to exit the flush fuel vent. the fv-6 
		scoop/vent may help eliminate this problem. however, the fv-6 scoop/vent 
		will make the attachment to the overflow tank difficult.



fv-2 
		………………24.55

the fv-2 magnetic fitting assembly is 
		available to attach the overflow tank line to the fv-1 flush fuel 
		fitting.

if your flying style is very 
		aggressive, a catch tank will stop vent line fuel from spraying out onto 
		the rear fuselage.



fv-5 
		……………………………… 20.95

also available 
		is a magnetic plug and flag that can be inserted during model transport 
		to prevent fuel leakage.



new 
		overflow tank ………….. 60.00

our new style overflow tank can 
		receive the magnetic probe once disconnected from the model’s flush fuel 
		vent.


 jmp external fueling assembly




efa-1……………….100.00

the jmp external fueling assembly 
		efa-1 allows a neat filling port on the side of the fuselage. an 
		interior manual ball valve attaches to the air trap fill/drain port, 
		eliminating the standard air trap blocking plug. 




fv-2 ………………24.55

this assembly requires the fv-2 
		magnetic fueling probe that inserts into the flush fitting on the side 
		of the fuselage. just insert the magnetic fueling probe, open the manual 
		ball valve, fill the fuel tanks and shut-off the manual ball valve. then 
		disconnect the magnetic fueling probe. 


molded offset gear 
		door hinges

  

  
		
we 
		have finished the molds for our new offset hinges. these hinges are 
		beautifully molded from high quality fiber filled plastic. all part 
		design, material and molding are done here in the united states.

		the three sizes of offset hinges begin with the ½” pivot length, which 
		is the same as the molded size of the past. the middle size has a ¾” 
		pivot length. the large size has a 1” pivot length. the hinge axles are 
		alloy steel and each set includes two mounting pads. 

		current models with large doors can be improved with these parts along 
		with many other in our expanding line of accessories. sold 6 per pack.

		1/2" pivot......24.00     

		3/4" pivot......36.00               
		1" pivot......48.00


brake valve

		 




the jmp brake 
		valve is produced in two versions. the first is a stand alone design. 
		the second version as part of the jmp multi spool block valve. the brake 
		valve plus 1-circuit block valve would normally be used for models with 
		retract gear and brakes. the brake valve plus 2- circuit block valve is 
		for models that have brakes, retract gear and gear doors. any of these 
		valves can be mounted directly to the control board or used with our 
		pcu-v2 frames which also include a manifold for the gear and door air 
		lines.
the size of the 
		jmp brake valve is 2”x 7/8” x ½”. the height is designed to line up with 
		a jr 8711hv servo. just use our zero-flex grommets and the standard jr 
		two side control arm.  also available is a machined attach link to keep 
		the install as compact as possible. 
connect the 
		brake air supply line to the “air in” side elbow fitting and the “air 
		out” fitting on the lower side of the valve to the wheel brakes. when 
		the push rod is fully depressed, full system pressure will be delivered 
		to the brakes. when the push rod is fully extended, the pressure to the 
		wheel brakes is zero.

$92.00




brake valve plus 
		retract valve

		 





		 

brake valve plus 
		retract and door valve



		 



		 

here are jmp's new brake valves plus 
		1-circuit retract valve and our brake valve plus 2-circuit retract/door 
		valve.   the proportional brake valve will activate most wheel brake 
		designs in use today.  to work best your brake servo should have at 
		least 100 in.oz. of torque. we use a jr 8711hv servo for this. the brake 
		valve requires about .5 inches of stroke to operate from zero to full 
		system pressure. lesser servos will work but will buzz more 
		when applying maximum braking. as you increase the system pressure, it 
		requires progressively more servo torque to deliver this pressure to the 
		wheel brakes.  

the gear and door spools are our 
		standard hi-flow design with the gear circuit using machined fittings 
		and aluminum air line locknuts. just set servo end points to push the 
		spools from end stop to end stop to retract the gear or close the doors.
		

we have several fitting sizes 
		available for custom installations. the stock setup uses 1/8" air line 
		fittings on the brake valve circuit. the door circuit uses 1/8" 
		fittings. the retract gear circuit uses 4mm fittings with air line 
		locknuts.

		brake valve plus retract valve         
		$155.00

brake valve plus retract and door 
		valve      $185.00

pcu v-2 frames

(valves and servos not 
		included)

   
		     

pcu v-2 frame for brake valve plus 1 
		circuit      $135.00

          
		

pcu v-2 frame for brake valve plus 2 
		circuits      $170.00

		 
the jmp pcu-v2 
		or pneumatic control unit is designed to control the brakes, retract 
		gear cylinders and landing gear door cylinders of the most complex r/c 
		model aircraft. the goal of the pcu is to eliminate the complexity and 
		disorganized nature of model pneumatic systems. most installations have 
		many t-fittings which cause unavoidable pressure drops across the entire 
		system. this is eliminated with the pcu. the overall size of the completed pcu-v2 is 7.0” 
		in length and 2.6” in width.  
either standard 
		1/8” od or 4mm fittings with aluminum lock nuts can be ordered. large 
		models with increasing air cylinder diameters often now use 4mm size air 
		lines. when ordering, let us know the number of retract gear cylinders 
		and gear door cylinders.  the proper fittings will then be installed. 
		unused ports on the pcu lower side manifold can be plugged, but changed 
		later for some other model with different cylinder counts. many 
		combinations of fittings and control possibilities can be imagined.
		

our connecting links are made 
		especially for this application and others.




machined gear/door manifold


 

all air lines for as many as three 
		retract gear cylinders and three to six gear door cylinders can be 
		attached to the retract/door manifold. for example: six individual air 
		lines coming from the three retract gear cylinders can be attached to 
		the manifold. just decide which row of the captive nut fittings will be 
		the retract gear up lines. the other row of captive nut fittings will be 
		the retract gear down lines. the captive nut fittings on the front edge 
		of the manifold will be power to the gear up and gear down rows of 
		fittings. the other two rows of the smaller hose barb type fittings are 
		attach points for the gear door cylinders.

the retract/door manifold should 
		eliminate most of the t-fittings which mess up installations and cause 
		pressure drops throughout the system. the manifold is usually mounted 
		near the central and lower part of the model or to the bottom of the 
		fuselage. all lines from the retract gear cylinders and gear door 
		cylinders will attach to the retract/door manifold. in more complex 
		installations with multiple gear door cylinders there can be as many as 
		18 individual air lines. once organized and neatly attached to the 
		fuselage and the manifold, these 18 air lines are now only 4 air lines 
		of sometimes referred to as 4 circuits (gear up, gear down, doors up and 
		doors down). these 4 air lines will pass upward and attach to the 
		operating valves on the control board. 

shown in the photo the manifold has 3 
		sets of retract gear cylinder fittings that are 4mm.

there are also 6 sets of 1/8” fittings 
		for the gear door cylinders. just about any number of attach fittings 
		and air line sizes can be ordered.

we have several retract gear, gear 
		door and brake operating valve choices available along with a great door 
		sequencer.  

retract/door manifold         
		$89.95
                    
		         
		

v-2 fill panel
checkout our 
		jmp fill panels in either 1-circuit, 2-circuit or 3-circuit designs. these fill 
		panels come with precision 1-way fill valves and air gauges. a neat 
		front panel and a machined mounting plate attach the fill panel to the 
		model. normally, our tapered filling adapter is used with our 1-way fill 
		valve.  also available is a 1-way valve with a screw in fill fitting.
                
		                    
		                        
                         1-circuit fill panel   $159.00

		                  
		2-circuit fill panel    $289.00

		                                                                                 
		3-circuit fill panel     $378.00




professional series air 
		tanks

all 4 sizes now in stock!!!

		 

jmp’s professional series air tanks 
		come in four sizes:

		230 ml-small……………….$35.00      360 ml-medium……………$36.00

		700 ml-large……………….$37.00      1000 ml-extra large…….$40.00

		 all of these air tank sizes can be ordered with installed fittings as 
		follows:

		 straight fitting: 1/8” or 4mm air line

		90 degree fitting: 1/8” or 4mm air line

		t-fitting: 1/8” or 4mm air line 

		the extra large size has nearly half again more volume than the standard 
		large tanks currently in use.

the air tanks assembled with 90 
		degree fittings are used when installations have no clearance in the 
		front. t-fittings are used when multiple air tanks are installed or when 
		using an air gauge. 

		our air tank fittings are machined to maximize compressed air flow 
		rates, and include a clamping nut to eliminate air line blow off. all 
		assembly which includes lid crimping, permanent sealing of the fittings, 
		and leak checking is performed at jmp. 

		 make jmp your first choice for quality accessories in all your modeling 
		projects.     

                                     
		



jmp 
		door cylinders

		3/8" i.d. x eight stroke lengths
 


 
                                    
		cylinder 
		pricing:
                                  
		.5" stroke......39.50    1" stroke......41.00
                                
		1.5" stroke......42.50    2" stroke......44.00
                                
		2.5" stroke......45.50    3" stroke......47.00
                                
		3.5" stroke......48.50    4" stroke......50.00

		used for years by quality minded modelers, the jmp door cylinder is now 
		available in eight stroke lengths. these door cylinders are perfectly 
		machined and carefully assembled with each one required to pass a 
		“bubble tight” leak check.

		they are designed with a precision fixed orifice that stops the “snap 
		action” and door slamming of other styles while eliminating the 
		additional cost of separate restrictors. the piston rod has 4-40 thread 
		for quik-link, rocket city or ball link attach points.

		available in 1/2" increments from .5” of stroke length through 4” of 
		stroke length. 

		also, pictured below is the 1” stroke length cylinder with the custom 
		machined cylinder pivot post for secure mounting. the pivot post fits 
		every cylinder length.

		pivot post......8.00




2-way retract hex valve

    
		
jmp’s new 2-way 
		hex valve is now available. this servo controlled valve features six 
		output fittings which will directly operate a common three air cylinder 
		retract system.  the hex valve will often eliminate most or all of 
		the t-fittings. the spool design has definite end stops which eliminates 
		over travel. this is the highest flow retract cylinder operating valve 
		available and can be ordered with hose barbs for 1/16” i.d. air line or 
		4mm air line.
these hex 
		valves are perfectly machined and carefully assembled with each one 
		required to pass a “bubble tight” leak check.
also available 
		is a very compact connecting link to finish the servo to hex valve 
		connection. 

		hex valve.....63.00    connecting link.....15.00


shut off valve and machined mount


 

complete assembly.....45.00     
		mount only.....25.00
the mount 
		securely holds the shut off valve to the model jet’s control board. 
		locate the shut off valve between the pump and the turbine engine. the 
		machined mount can be purchased alone or with the shut off valve.


jmp air trap

four sizes in either vertical or 
		horizontal style are now available.



the jmp air trap uses a proprietary 
		fiber membrane to filter fuel to 10 microns and virtually eliminate air 
		from entering the final fuel pump suction line. smoke systems are also 
		improved with use of the air trap. this design is extremely robust with 
		properly designed end caps that deal with positive and negative 
		pressures often found during fast fuel filling and draining. the jmp air trap comes completely assembled, leak checked, and 
		ready for installation. 

the air trap has positions for two 
		“fuel in” hose barb fittings that can be used for twin main fuel tanks. 
		one of these “fuel in” fittings can be blocked if there is a single main 
		fuel tank requiring only one fuel inlet fitting.  a center hose barb 
		fitting attaches to the fuel filter membrane. this is the “fuel out” 
		position which delivers fuel to the turbine fuel pump.  also, a 
		drain/fill line is provided. 

hose barb fittings: the jmp air trap 
		is available with hose barbs to fit either 1/8” i.d. or 3/16” i.d. 
		tubing sizes. many combinations of the two are also possible.  

construction: the air trap is 
		constructed from aircraft grade aluminum and the finest west systems 
		epoxy with a main body that is translucent. it is easy to visually check 
		for system air leaks and overall fuel system performance.

proper filling: the fitting with the 
		smaller hole is for the fueling/de-fueling line. do not allow any air to 
		enter this line when removing the fill line from the fueling station. 
		fold this fill line over in your hand when the tanks are full and 
		install the plug. very little air should show in the air trap when the 
		fuel tanks are completely full.

proper operation: typical clunk 
		style fuel systems found in model jets do not deliver fuel perfectly, 
		especially when the model fuel tanks are near empty. some air is normal 
		to see in the air trap. an amount of air that would leave the air trap 
		half full is not good. either the main fuel tanks were run very low or 
		there may be a leak upstream in the fuel system. this should be checked 
		out.

proper orientation: the vertical 
		design air traps are normally mounted straight up and bolted to the 
		model control board. the horizontal design air traps are normally 
		mounted with the mounting tabs bolted down to the model control board. 
		on the horizontal design, this keeps the “fuel in” fitting to the top. 
		if you decide to mount the horizontal design air trap upside down to the 
		bottom of the model control board, you must reverse the “fuel in” 
		fitting and the “drain/fill” hose barb fittings. drain/fill must always 
		happen from the lower side of the air trap. just remember that air in 
		the system must be forced up and out during the filling cycle leaving 
		the air trap completely full of fuel. 

                
		
 available 
		in 4 sizes and 2 mounting options!


       
		
                                     
           small 
		horizontal mount-1.5”x 3.25”-2.9 ozs................ 127.12    
           small 
		vertical mount-1.5” x 3.25”-2.9 ozs..................... 99.28
           
		medium horizontal mount-1.75” x 3.75”-4.66 ozs........ 129.04
           medium 
		vertical mount-1.75” x 3.75”-4.66 ozs............ 100.72
           large 
		horizontal mount-2.25”x 4”-8.8 ozs................... 171.71
           large 
		vertical mount-2.25”x 4”-8.8 ozs....................... 133.31
           extra large 
		horizontal mount-3”x 5”-19.5 ozs............. 183.11
           extra large 
		vertical mount-3”x 5”-19.5 ozs................. 145.79


     
  choose 
		one option for each fuel line:

       1. number of “fuel in” hose 
		fittings 1___or 2___
      2. size of 
		“fuel in” hose fittings 1/8”___or 3/16”___
      3. size of 
		“fuel out to pump” hose fittings 1/8”___or 3/16”___
      4. size of 
		“fuel/de-fuel” hose fitting and fuel line plug 1/8”___ or 3/16”___

 



2-way valve 59.95

the new jmp 2-way valve is the 
		finest and most robust servo controlled valve built for rc models. the 
		spool design uses quad seals with definite end stops. its vertical 
		design allows the air lines to remain hidden. it is truly a high flow 
		valve and may be ordered with hose barbs for 1/16" i.d. air line or 4mm 
		air line. 

		 



the new jmp 1-way fill valve is a 
		precision machined check valve. it uses a checking concept found in 
		expensive demanding aerospace equipment. mounts to the model's control 
		board using a washer and nut. the jmp 
		tapered fill 
		adaptor provides easy 
		connect and disconnect to the air supply. available with hose barbs for 
		1/16" i.d. air line or 4mm air line. 
new  jmp 
		1-way fill valve 39.00

tapered fill adaptor

20.00


a simple but 
		effective way to couple your air pump to the 1-way fill valve. just push 
		the tapered nylon fitting into the valve to create a temporary seal. 
		assembled with 2 feet of retract tubing.


fuel tank fittings



these large fuel fittings are 
		designed to minimize tank and pump pressures during fueling-defueling and running of the 
		turbine. for 3/16" i.d. (bottom row) and 1/8" (top row) tygon fuel tubing.

large 50.00 / 
		set

small 48.00/ set

		individual parts available. please contact us for pricing.

machined arms and mounts are available 
		for the hitec 5755 metal gear servo. 
		these parts are designed for heavy-duty applications requiring power and 
		holding strength. the servos are somewhat larger than standard sizes and 
		feature an extremely large and tough gear set. 
 

    
		
 

          
		machined servo arm....... 75.00   
0-flex mounts......25.00  




this new 
				twin vent overflow tank is designed for models with one or two 
				fuel vents. the extra-large fuel fittings and tubing help to 
				lower the pressure caused by fueling at a high rate.  
twin 
				vent overflow tank 55.00

jmp’s hustler 100 oz. center 
		fuel/smoke tank


this custom 
		fiberglass tank will deliver either turbine engine fuel or smoke fuel 
		engine. a jmp accumulator is embedded into the tank to save valuable 
		fuselage space and deliver a bubble free fuel supply to the engine or 
		smoke pump. the center baffle controls rapid fuel weight shift. a 
		machined aluminum truss provides for easy mounting in the hustler 
		airframe or other similar model designs. this jmp fuel tank comes fully 
		assembled and leak tested for the perfect fuel delivery system.

		smoke tank     250.00
 
 

please visit the "accessories" page for more great products.





 

  



 



		 

		 
 

 
 
 
 
 
                     
		

		 

		 

		 

		 

 






                    
			                              









		 

 
 

		                                        
		

		                                       
		                      
		

                                  
		

		 



 



		 

		  
 
 



 


 


 


 


 


 


 



      
         
			                                                                  
			                   
			                 
			                                                                      
			
 
 
                         
     
            
             
            
 

  

               

                      

                 
            
                                                          


               
              

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

