    online bank account | personal banking | santander bank - santander                                     online bank account | personal banking | santander bank - santander                     close    login to retail online banking  

user:



password:



please enter a valid user id and/or password


							login
						



									first time user? enroll now!
								



									forgot user id?
								



									forgot password?
								










online services





retail online banking

        retail online banking  mortgage accounts  business online banking  investment services  consumer credit cards     ok                                 fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government                navigation menu             login     



                personal   small business   commercial   about us   private client        find a branch/atm                 checking             checking overview    santander select checking    simply right checking    essential checking        savings and cds             savings overview    santander select money market savings    santander money market savings    santander savings    certificates of deposit (cds)        credit cards       personal loans       investing & planning       resources       prosper and thrive                          



                   find a branch/atm                  personal         checking         checking overview     santander select checking      simply right checking      essential checking        savings and cds         savings overview     santander select money market savings      santander money market savings      santander savings      certificates of deposit (cds)        credit cards       personal loans       investing & planning       resources       prosper and thrive                           small business    commercial    about us    private client                         the best financial tools and advice for every need.    simple and secure personal banking available in person, online, or on your device.   choose your checking account                   get $400 when you open and use a simply right® checking account1   simply open your account online and have $5,000 or more in direct deposits2 within the first 90 days.   see offer details   additional requirement apply. see details below.                            log in to your account  

user id:



password:



please enter a valid user id and/or password


							login
						



									first time? enroll now
								



									forgot user id?
								



									forgot password?
								



















 



helping people bank 











 









savings & cds
that make it convenient to earn more as you save.







 









checking
options for even easier everyday banking.







 









personal loans
to help you reach your goals.







 









credit cards
with a range of benefits and rewards.













 












 






 


 


 

invest with confidence

santander investment services* offers a wide range of solutions that provide the guidance you need to set investment goals and the tools you need to achieve them. start working with a financial advisor today.
 






start investing 















 










 






news and updates












 






download your 1099-int tax form today. find it under “statements” in online and mobile banking.
download now 














 












 

let's meet in person
 schedule one-on-one time with a banker.





 


 


book now













 












 


 



		santander mobile banking for anywhere convenience
		


 

make mobile check deposits, set up alerts, manage cards, and more, all from the santander mobile banking app. it’s the simplest, most secure way to manage your money on the go.








download our highly-rated app

4.7 out of 5 rating. based on 369k ratings on the app store as of 11/21/2024








get started with one of our mobile app tutorials:


   mobile check deposit       set up alerts       manage cards              scan qr code to open app.                                    freedom withsantander protechtion   mobile and online banking with santander protechtion safeguards your information with several layers of technology.   learn more                                       santander® private client    a banking experience designed around your individual goals your dedicated relationship banker can provide you with access to our best rates on deposits, as well as preferred pricing on lending and investment products*.    learn more                                 community-oriented action our support for inclusive, sustainable growth helps customers and communities build paths to prosperity today, tomorrow, and for the future.           68,000+ volunteer hours    $33.3m given in support to nonprofits    400+ nonprofits supported          learn more                                 financial advice to reach your goals faster                      save up   how to set financial goals  read now         master debt   7 debt payoffs that boost your credit score the most  read now         live life   preventing fraud: 6 ways to protect yourself  read now                  view all articles                        find us   branches across the northeast and in miami, florida, plus 2,000+ atms.    find a branch   book an appointment                                        1get $400 when you open a new santander select® checking, simply right® checking, or santander® private client checking account ($25 minimum opening deposit on all) by 12/31/2024 and have direct deposits totaling $5,000 or more post to this account within the first 90 days. the 90-day period begins the day of account opening, unless the account is opened on a weekend or holiday, in which case the period begins on the first business day after account opening. offer is transferable until redeemed by the addressee and we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to limit the number of times this promotion code may be used. you must be 18 years or older. offer is not available if any account owner is a current checking customer of santander or had a santander checking account in the last 12 months prior to account opening. offer cannot be combined with any other bonus offer. promotion code must be entered at new account opening to be eligible for this offer, and cannot later be added to an account, or changed, unless it is presented and applied within 14 days of account opening. the account must remain open in an eligible account type until payment of bonus, which will occur within 30 days thereafter. in addition, the account must remain open and in good standing to be bonus eligible. bonus is considered interest and will be reported to the irs on form 1099-int. if multiple accounts are opened with the same signer, or maintained with the same ownership as of the date the bonus is payable, only one account will be eligible for the bonus. for new checking account customers only. offer is only available to residents of nh, ma, ri, ct, de, ny, nj, pa, or fl (florida eligibility: this offer is only eligible online in zip codes within miami dade, monroe, and broward counties, including zip code 34141). as of 09/01/2024, the annual percentage yield (apy) for santander select® checking is 0.01%, and santander® private client checking is 0.03%. rates may change at any time and after the account is opened. fees may reduce earnings. offer expires 12/31/2024. this offer is subject to change at any time. offer is only valid with use of a promotion code. promotion of this offer may end at any time. 2qualifying direct deposits include your paycheck, pension, government benefits (such as social security), or other eligible regular monthly income from your employer or the government electronically deposited to your checking account. direct deposits do not include teller deposits, wire transfers, debit card transfers, atm, online and mobile banking transfers or deposits, person to person transfers (such as zelle® or venmo), or a merchant advancing payroll using a debit card.          *securities and advisory services are offered through santander investment services, a division of santander securities llc. santander securities llc is a registered broker-dealer, member finra and sipc and a registered investment adviser. insurance is offered through santander securities llc or its affiliates. santander investment services is an affiliate of santander bank, n.a. santander securities llc u.s. registered representatives may only conduct business with residents of the states in which they are properly registered. please note that not all of the investments and services mentioned on this website are available in every state.       investment and insurance products are:   not fdic insured not bank guaranteed may lose value   not insured by any federal  government agency not a bank deposit                     santander bankpersonal banking investing small business commercial private client    about careers our commitment leadership media center shareholder relations work café    support services servicemembers civil relief act (scra) benefits help for homeowners having difficulty paying their mortgage    resources & help find a branch/atm personal banking resourcessmall business resources security center site map      privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility | ©  santander bank, n. a -  equal housing lender - member fdic                                               parameter control for banner ! should be at bottom of page !         hidden                      