





casa tina - healthy, fresh, authentic mexican















home
about
menu
team
news and events
community giving
contact
gift cards






 


home
about
menu
team
news
community giving
contact
gift cards





for up to date info on events please check out our facebook page. 








to order take out click here
take out hours:
    mon - thurs 11am - 9pm
    fri - sat 11am - 10pm
    sun 11am - 8pm 
in house menu click here
inside and outside dining!
    mon - thurs 11am - 11pm
    fri - sat 11am - 11pm
    sun 11am - 11pm 


casa tina's dia de los muertos community oftenda
  728 douglas ave save the date - october 19th


casa tina's 32nd cinco de mayo fiesta
    sunday may 5 
    fiesta - 11am - 10pm 
    street party - 1pm - 10pm
check facebook for schedule







welcome to casa tina
fresh, healthy, authentic mexican food.




fresh, healthy, authentic mexican cuisine served by our family and our fabulous staff as well as our commitment to community giving makes casa tina's more than just a culinary destination.
watch the video








watch the video




casa tina final (1080p) from tina avila on vimeo.









menu
a sampling of some of our flagship dishes
all of our sauces, rice and beans are vegetarian, many vegan options available, no additives, starters or bases so all of our dishes are natural, no msg and mostly gluten free! view our full menu here 









all
/

appetizers
/

specialties
/

comida tipica








 



ceviche
click to view all images






 



pescado a la veracruzana
click to view all images





 



mole poblano
click to view all images





 



chiles en nogada
click to view all images





 



duck sopes
click to view all images





 



rajas tamales
click to view all images





 



enchiladas verdes
click to view all images





 



posole 
click to view all images














la familia
talents behind our success
"we are family!" from our children who grew up taking naps in our booths and helping peel tomatillos in the kitchen to our dozens of staff that have been our co-workers for multiple years (over a dozen have celebrated more than 10 years of service) we believe in long term relationships and friendships that last a lifetime. let us introduce you to a few...






javier and tina marie avila
partners for life with a passion for adventure!



amanda, javier, tina marie, and christian
we love being together whether working or traveling and we all share a passion for music and the arts as well as our kitties!



a few of our lovely servers amanda, ashley, heather, anne, katelyn and sara
this group is a mix of students, dancers, yogis and more. and all are always excited to serve you!



three of our managers linnea, danny, and eileen
both danny and linnea have more than 10 years as part of the family and eileen tops the charts at 22 years!



talented mixologist duanne, kc, sam, and ryan
their love for what they do shows in the amazing libations and tales they serve up in the bar.



nayeli, anna, sabrina, jessie and lauren
this eclectic bunch from the left food runner and mother of two, casa tina cook for 15 years! artist and mom, yogi and mom, and nurse. how do we find such talented ladies!



jose, fernando, elijio, a seasonal cook and alejandro.
these guys grew up in our kitchens moving from washers to cooks over a 10 year period. we consider anyone with us less than 3 years a newbie so these other guys still have dues to pay to to earn their sonority!



christian, kirsten, nacho, flanked on the sides by a couple of our seasonal staff
this team works tirelessly to provide a seamless dining experience. kirsten grew up with us in the tarpon music program and nacho's wife vale took care of our children!



carlos and rogelio
always goofing around in the kitchen.










"for a few hours leave your worries and troubles behind and enjoy the celebration of food and life at our house."
-tina








news and events
the latest happenings here








october 23, 2022

casa tina's 30th dia de los muertos
please join us for our best and biggest dia de los muertos ever! open 11-11 but street party from 4pm-10pm. you won't want to miss our incredible event showcasing the traditions and customs of this beautiful mexican holiday!
to include: mini theatre adaptation of the movie coco, beautiful dances by grupo folklorico mahetzi, 3 incredible music acts- madera sol, trio potencia huasteca, and classical cellist lizann glushko. also a fun dance performance by patricia ann dance studio. don your best dia de los muertos attire for our highly anticipated costume contest at approximately 5:30. 1st, 2nd and 3rd place prizes for both children and adults. and finally march with us in our beautiful candlelit procession led by the incredible casa tina's bateria (drum line) directed by aj vega!
new this year.... casa tina's premium tequila and mezcal tasting. $30 wristbands for all the incredible samplings and a raffle ticket to many incredible baskets including a paddle board compliments of tequila 512. featured spirits such as del maguey single village mezcals, los altos premium 100% agave tequilas and many more










may 5, 2018

casa tina’s cinco de mayo fiesta - the best street party celebrating our beloved mexico!
did you know that cinco de mayo is not mexican independence day? well if so, kuddos to you on knowing some mexican history. but for the rest of you...










september 15, 2018

viva mexico! viva mexico! viva la independencia! come celebrate the real mexican independence day at casa tina’s
the power of marketing is pervasive and remarkable. the story and rise of cinco de mayo celebrations is very closely tied to the marketing of corona beer. think about it...










october 20th, 2018

dia de los muertos 
our most beautiful event celebrating mexico’s dia de los muertos , an annual holiday which pays reverence to those passed...










march 22, 2016

"hola! my name is tina and i'll be your server."
customers get the biggest kick out of me still waiting tables after 30 years in this business. but to javier and i, it's the greatest way to keep in touch with our customers and understand the rigorous demands made on our staff...









all news and events









community giving is central to our mission and culture.




we dont just make burritos, we give back.
find out how to partner with us








contact us
shoot us an email or call: (727) 734-9226 









name must not be empty


please provide a valid email


message should not be empty





send message
 

tina@casatinas.com












gift cards available in $25, $50, $75, $100 

 
 
 
 













casa tina
copyright © 2022
(727)734-9226
365 main street. downtown dunedin, fl 34698
monday-thursday:11am - 10pm
friday and saturday: 11am-11pm
sunday: 10am-10pm (brunch 10am-1pm)





