



chattooga county school district / homepage














































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

chattooga high
lyerly elementary
menlo elementary
leroy massey elementary
summerville middle






sign in
register


search our site














home


district information
"
welcome message
administrator handbook
cognia
beliefs
board meetings
boe agenda / minutes
board policies / board members
district benefits page
district calendar
georgia department of education
gifted program manual
mckinney-vento
mission statement
motto
teacher induction plan
organizational chart
professional learning plan
public notice
request for proposals
staff directory
vendor information
vision
translation/interpretation procedures
federal programs policies and procedures
splost schedule
school system financial information
public participation request form
tax digest and 5 year history
budget - tentative
budget - approved
annual ctae program notice
district report card
open records request
safety





parents and students
"
strategic plan
georgia milestone assessment
student portal
parent portal registration
enrollment & withdrawal handbook
complaint procedure & forms
open transfers for students
student insurance
district parent / student handbook (spanish version)
student/parent digital resource center
quarantine guidelines for student work
attendance handbook
parents bill of rights
district testing windows
district calendar
district parent / student handbook
parents right to know
parent portal setup instructions
parent resources to support reading development
parent letter for early literacy act and dyslexia





departments
"
k-12 enrollment center
testing protocol
chattooga county school nutrition
curriculum k-12
english language learners (ell / esol)
federal programs
financial
fte / student records
hospital homebound
human resources
maintenance, facilities, & grounds
rti / sst
school council
school nurse
school social worker / homeless liaison
section 504 plan
special education
curriculum resources
technology
transportation
student services
title ix
report card
success team1





swmisc
"



board agendas and minutes
staff listing
slideshows
public calendars



title 1
"



drivers education
home school 
gifted & talented 
summer school 
ged program



covid-19
"
covid weekly reports
6-month plan review
short-term and extended closure plans


quarantine guidelines



hb 581
"



hb581

calendar








































mission






enable all students to become productive, contributing citizens who can communicate effectively, gather and use information, make responsible decisions, utilize technology, and adapt to the challenges of the future.

 


























welcome to chattooga county school district
                                                                    dear students, parents, and community members,it is with great pleasure that i welcome you to the chattooga county school district for the 2024-2025 school year. as your new superintendent, i am honored to serve in a community dedicated to excellence and deeply rooted traditions. our mission at chattooga county school district is to educate and provide an environment that inspires our students to excel academically and encourages them to become connected through fine arts, ctae programs, athletics, and community service. to our returning students and families, welcome back! your ongoing support and trust are the foundation of our school district's success. for our new students and families, allow me to extend a warm welcome. we are excited to have you join our school community, and we look forward to getting to know you and supporting your educational journey. to our outstanding faculty and staff, your dedication makes us great! your passion and commitment move us forward and ensure our success. i am ready to work alongside each of you in the new year to continue creating exciting learning opportunities for our students.as we embark on this new school year, let's embrace the opportunities and challenges ahead with optimism and determination. together, we will foster a culture of excellence, respect, and inclusivity where every student is supported and valued. as superintendent, i look forward to working with all our stakeholders to continue moving forward and making progress.here's to a successful and fulfilling school year ahead!warm regards,michelle heliesuperintendent


























announcements






fy25-26 school calendar 



comments (-1)







tax digest and 5yr history advertisement


comments (-1)







 

2024-2025 school year calendar

 


comments (-1)





















district headlines











clever portal link



comments (-1)




















upcoming events



there are no upcoming events to display.

view calendar

























the policy of the chattooga county board of education is that no person because of race, color, religion, sex, age, physical disability or national origin will be discriminated against in employment, by a program or activity administered by this agency, or in any way be excluded from participation in or benefits of such program activities. this employer participates in e-verify.  the authorization user number is 485149 and the authorization date is 1/06/2012if you, or someone you know, needs special assistance with a disability to access any content on this website, please contact us 706-857-3447.photo copyrights: leann hill photography and avery anderson
























chattooga county school district

33 middle school road, summerville, ga 30747
706-857-3447 706-857-3440




k12 payment center (lunch)
chattooga smoke signals
success team



stay connected

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
pinterest
linked in
flickr
vimeo
rss







site map

scroll back to top





the policy of the chattooga county board of education is that no person because of race, color, religion, sex, age, physical disability or national origin will be discriminated against in employment, by a program or activity administered by this agency, or in any way be excluded from participation in or benefits of such program activities.  if you, or someone you know, needs special assistance with a disability to access any content on this website, please contact us 706-857-3447.











questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















