




kayak sportfishing kayak fishing resource





aincest.com


kayak sportfishing 
dedicated to the art of kayak fishing



online store
photo gallery 
message board
forums
weather
equipment
tackle n' tips 
rigged kayaks
journals
product reviews
guide services
links
directory
recipes
regulations




 
headlines
kayak fishing in the land of the giantsfull story 
hooping for lobsters full story 
kayak sportfishing's big tourney returns to dana point 
the southern side of big sur...
set that pot to boil, it's lobster time full story 
forecast no deterrant for kayak sportfishing tourney...
tres amigos pescando en tres lugares full story 
hawaii 5-0 full story 
san onofre, ca paddle fish adventure full story 
colonet dos full story 
and it looks so easy full story 
puerto vallarta tuna full story 
thresher obsession full story
con suerte mi amigo" east cape, baja full story
kayak fishing the palos verdes penninsula full story
a close encounter of the whale kind full story
your costa rica connection full story
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




our sponsors 











 
kayak fishing tournaments & events 
the 3rd annual kayak sportfishing tournament
  192 kayak anglers fished the dual division kayak fishing tournament at dana point, ca. robby mott won the bass c & r division with a 5 bass-combined weight total of 14.875 lbs. robby won an ocean kayak prowler 15 angler edition package generously provided by ocean kayak. robby also took home a wilderness sytems tarpon 160i and an adventure technology carbon paddle he won in the mega raffle. kiyo sato took 1st in the big fish division with an 8lb 14oz california halibut. kiyo won a new hobie adventure kayak package generously provided by hobie and dana point jet ski & kayak center. 
  
previous kayak fishing tournament info 
upcoming kayak fishing tournament info

 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
   
 




about us
kayak sportfishing has been online since 2001 spreading the kayak fishing gospel through first hand experiences and informative content. our community is an active hub for newcomers and seasoned kayak anglers alike. while you're here be sure to stop by the kayak fishing forums, with over 8,000 registered members and growing, it's the ideal place to share reports, ask questions, and see what's new in kayaks, paddle equipment, tackle & fishing gear.

sunrise at aliso beach in laguna beach, ca
     i took this picture just moments before the group launched on what would be yet another paddle fishing adventure - aka pfa. laguna to dana point.

paddle fish adventure or pfa  (definition): a route in which the participants unload their gear at a predetermined kayak launch site, drive their vehicles to the designated landing zone (19th hole), always leaving at least one member of the party behind to observe and protect the group's fishing and kayak gear. said volunteer(s) with suvs, vans, and/or limosines - chauffer the individual pfar's back to the launch site. it's a one way - hopefully down current - drift and downhill troll but for reasons beyond normal mortal comprehension, these seemingly innocent paddle fish excursions have been met with less than ideal (snotty) weather and conditions time and time and time again.

pfa adventures 2011
    stay tuned.... 
kayak fishing directory
interactive map allows visitors to search by state for the very best retail stores specializing in tackle, kayak fishing, kayaks, canoes, and paddle gear and accessories. a work in progress. 
kayak fishing directory






kayak fishing spotlight






yak angler necessities

de-fishing soap is specially formulated to lift odors from hands and neutralize them. de-fishing 
soap doesn't simply mask odors, it completely eliminates them. squid, mackerel, and other odors are tough to remove but they're no match for de-fishing soap. 





kayak fishing seats 

the  gts expedition from surf to summit tops out their high-end line of gts seats with a new model that boasts solid back support and a thick luxurious cushion for the boo-tay.






kayak fishing on tv 

kayak fishing on the travel channel jim "saba slayer" salazar and jason "jas" morton ferry over to catalina island to show the host from cash and treasures how to catch lobsters from ocean kayaks. fantastic above and below footage. currently airing.





fishing gear 

 accurate boss 2-speed reels huge cranking power in a small package. all the features of the larger atds but only a fourth of the size. twin drag, 7 bearings, patented accucast control system. visit accurate reels online 





eyeware

costa del mar costa 400 sunglasses scratch resistance polycarbonate polarized lenses, virtually indestructible frame,  8-base wrap and spring hinges to help maintain the perfect fit. visit costa del mar online





fishing gear 

team daiwa luna levelwind baitcasters are as smooth as they are tough. built to handle just about anything a freshwater or inshore saltwater angler can throw at them. visit daiwa online 





fishing kayaks

ocean kayak prowler trident caps off the prowler series of fishing kayaks with a stable, fast, and dry platform. new features include the "rod pod", & sonar shield. visit ocean kayak online 





paddle gear

werner performance touring handcrafted blades constructed from high quality continuous weave carbon fiber, adjustable ferrule system, carbon shafts, 4 models with foam core blades...more detail





electronics


humminbird performance 383c combo fish finder features a brilliant color 320v x 240h 3.5" display, advanced dualbeam plus sonar with 2400 watts ptp power output, and gps chartplotting with built-in unimap. ...more detail






trips and travel

santa catalina island, ca what an amazing trip! so close to los angeles and yet it still feels like you're a world away....full story 






 






 about us | contact info  | ©2011
  kayak sportfishing 



