






sanface software







sanface software
we use power of perl combined with our products to develop tools that create pdf files dynamically and we can customize to your requirements.
our tools run on all operating systems supported by perl (also openvms, os/390, z/os, mpe, as400, iseries).
you can use a binary version on windows, linux, solaris, hp-ux, aix, mac os x.


news |
shareware |
resellers |
projects |
partnerships



leave us a message sanface@sanface.com and anface@yahoo.com

few references
we're happy to cite a customer note about txt2pdf: "i've been downloading numerous txt -> pdf applications for many days now, trialing them to no avail. with large text files in which i'd like to convert to pdf the programs always seem to hang on me. not yours! your's is the only one that doesn't hang with larger text files and i'd just like to take 5 minutes of my hectic day to thank you for creating this innovative software. big thanks. keep up the good work."
miag belongs to the metro ag and assume the centralized payment and its guarantee, as well as some international co-ordination for our european affiliated companies and their suppliers. in this connection we develope solutions for our customers, the suppliers of the metro group, to deliver the payment advice as a pdf. also we provide the pdf on our internet portal for download. the monthly output is about 150'000 pages.
  costa crociere, a company of carnival corporation, is converting their mainframe textual reports to pdfs with lotus domino agents and txt2pdf pro
hachette filipacchi media u.s. is using txt2pdf pro to convert thousands of acknowledgements and invoices made by their 100% cobol application.  this is a sample hachette filipacchi media u.s. bill.
the halifax herald limited is using txt2pdf pro to convert its classified ads.  this is a sample herald bill.
frequestis uses txt2pdf to convert parts lists which are generated out of sap r/3 from ascii to pdf.




search this site
 
powered by freefind



 


last 5 important news items 
01/01/2020 we writing the new sanface software site using html5 without db, php, javascript
04/07/2019 after swreg our new official reseller is mycommerce: same group, a better platform.
11/28/2018 sanface software has a new important brasilian official reseller: osb software
9/19/2018 new versions of sendemails and sendemails prosendemails 4.0 and sendemails pro 4.0 are out! reply-to feature is the new feature of these command line tools to send emails.
3/29/2018 mandala has been using txt2pdf protxt2pdfpro allows us to provide customers the option of a pdf attachment via email that is an exact replica of the pre-printed monthly statement.




news |
shareware |
resellers |
projects |
partnerships


sanface software, the developer of txt2pdf



