






aventura marketing council



























toggle menu


        skip navigation
    














                board members
            



                membership
            



                directory
            



                amc committees
            



                gallery
            




                board meeting
            



                breakfast meetings
            



                business development meetings
            



                chairman’s roundtable luncheons
            



                evening networking receptions
            



                law committee meetings
            



                professional women’s council
            



                special events
            



                speedbiz meetings
            



                technology meetings
            



                zoom recordings
            






                young stars showcase
            




                young stars showcase
            



                about yss
            



                photo gallery
            



                video gallery
            



                yss auditions
            






                contact
            




















become a member







aventura marketing council
chamber of commerce
join now













15th annual gulfstream park young stars showcase coming up sun.nov. 17th













supt.  jose dotres keynotes student-run breakfast meeting sponsored by jackson north medical center













chairman’s roundtable members visited international artist romero britto at his britto palace  with meeting sponsor, iberia tiles













charity bowl-off  at pinstripes  celebrates  captain of winning team with  aventura mayor howard s. weinberg, esq  and sponsors













breakfast meeting sponsored by uhealth at hilton aventura features aventura: state of the city



















about
the 35-year history of the aventura marketing council/chamber of commerce is filled with accomplishment, pride, and growth. created in 1988 to carve out a niche for this upstart community, the founders of the aventura marketing council did just that...and so much more.
in addition to the many events, networking functions, and other member benefits, the aventura marketing council/chamber of commerce has organized several committees for members.
learn more









aventura
marketing council
chamber of commerce












aventura
marketing council
chamber of commerce
















who we are
south florida's premier chamber of commerce serving the area's businesses for 35 years.
learn more






what we do
the aventura marketing council/chamber of commerce holds multiple breakfast, lunch and evening networking events for its hundreds of members to help them build lasting business relationships, grow their business and foster a stronger economy.
learn more












×





with a 35-year history of leadership and business advocacy combined with the power of the business community, the aventura marketing council/chamber of commerce continues to foster a dynamic economy, delivering value to members and ensuring that the greater aventura community remains a world-class destination for businesses, residents, travelers, and shoppers.











×





since 1989, the aventura marketing council/chamber of commerce has worked to connect members, help them grow through networking and corporate exposure opportunities, providing valuable programs and resources to ensure a vibrant business climate.










recent events




















































































































































































































































































it’s good business to do business with aventura marketing council/ chamber of commerce members








young stars showcase



view all





























































































                            20900 ne 30th avenue, suite 200 aventura, fl 33180
                        


p: (305) 932-5334
e: elaine@acouncil.com






© 2023 aventura marketing council / chamber of commerce. all right reserved.











































