





calvin coolidge presidential foundation | 


































 
















menu






















home
2023 centennial
about calvin coolidge
virtual library
coolidge quarterly
coolidge scholarship and senators
speech & debate program
donate
foundation
contact
membership
store
photo gallery
 






calvin coolidge presidential foundation




read george f. will’s keynote address from the winter gala








news and events




the inspiration of the declaration
the 250th anniversary of the signing of the declaration of independence presents americans with an opportunity for reflection. the declaration: continuity and commerce helped start the national conversation about how the principles of the declaration inform our politics today…
read more



new coolidge review out now
attention coolidge review readers! the newest edition is out now. print copies are on their way to those on our mailing list. not on the list? sign up on coolidgereview.com to get the next issue. in the meantime, visit the review website to read the latest articles today!
read the new articles








coolidge calendar






coolidge arkansas open




march 15




the calvin coolidge presidential foundation is proud to host the coolidge arkansas open, a one-day debate tournament that will be held on saturday, march 15, 2025, at rogers heritage high school in […]




read more









latest essays from coolidge review








a unique presidential feat…until 2024
when donald trump won the 2024 presidential election, he did something that had happened only once before in american history: he took back the white house after being defeated in the previous election. the only other president to have achieved nonconsecutive terms was grover cleveland…



read now









coolidge scholarship








the coolidge scholarship honors president coolidge’s dedication to academic excellence by awarding full-ride, four-year, merit scholarships to america’s most promising students. unlike other top awards, “the coolidge” can be used at any accredited college or university in america. to learn more, click below to visit the coolidge scholarship website.



learn more









coolidge debate








the coolidge foundation is setting out to find the top high school debaters in america. our premier tournament each year is the coolidge cup, a national debate tournament that attracts top debaters from across the country to president coolidge’s historic hometown of plymouth, vermont, to compete for the prestigious coolidge cup, along with the $7,500 robert l. luddy coolidge cup scholarship.



learn more









coolidge in washington








the foundation is excited to open up coolidge house in washington, d.c., which serves as a base for expanded operations of the calvin coolidge presidential foundation.



learn more









visit the notch








there is no better way to truly understand president coolidge than to visit his hometown, the picturesque hamlet of plymouth notch, vermont. you are invited to visit the president coolidge state historic site, considered one of america’s best-preserved presidential sites. come to see the modest home where president coolidge was born, step inside the family homestead where coolidge took the presidential oath of office, pause for reflection in the warm, wood-paneled church where the coolidge family worshipped, and gain inspiration from the humble grave site where president coolidge rests alongside his family.



learn more













donate • newsletter
privacy policy | terms of use
copyright © 2025 calvin coolidge presidential foundation, inc.all rights reserved.




coolidge webcam


outside cam
inside cam




 




 




×













