








home - cherry hill orchards


























































skip to content








 









about us
our orchard
the market
garden center
dates & events
 

 

about us
our orchard
the market
garden center
dates & events
 











contact us


















 



















over 100 varieties of fruits & more 






















view our picking calendar



















market hours
 



monday – saturday: 8 am to 6 pm 







come visit 



400 long lanelancaster, pa 17603 







pick-your-own hours 



see our current pick-your-own availability and hours here.  




















welcome 



to cherry hill orchard 

















 
 










in business since 1970 



for over 50 years, families from all over have come to cherry hill orchards to view the beautiful countryside and pick fresh, tree-ripened fruit directly from our fruit farm trees. as the largest pick-your-own fruit farm in the county, our orchard events provide plenty of things to do for kids while visiting lancaster, pa, so make sure you stop back often to see any new events we post. 










about cherry hill




















visit us 



fun for the whole family 















 



farm market 



our farm market offers you a wide variety of delicious and nutritious choices. we stock plenty of locally-sourced fruits and veggies, selecting only the freshest and most flavorful, all year round!  






learn more











 



the orchard 



there’s nothing quite as yummy or delicious as picking your favorite fresh fruit and immediately enjoying the fruits of your labor. visit our beautiful orchards to pick your own fruit directly from our trees. 






learn more











 



garden center 



the garden center at cherry hill orchards has a wide variety of annuals, perennials, vegetables, herbs, shrubs, and houseplants. in the fall you can find pumpkins and other seasonal items. as the holidays approach we carry fresh christmas trees and greens.  






learn more














view our calendar 



















follow us on social media! 










facebook
 



instagram
 






























 





 







contact us 







 
(717) 872-9311





 
400 long lane lancaster, pa 17603










facebook
 



instagram
 










pick your own hours 



our pick-your-own hours change through the season. click here to view current hours.  



market & garden center hours 



monday – saturday: 8 am to 6 pm(store is open year round) 







about 



cherry hill orchards is the largest pick-your-own fruit farm, farm market and garden center in lancaster, pa. stop by to pick your own fruit, assemble your own basket or choose from many of our gift or fruit baskets. shop in our market and pick up fresh fruits, vegetables, baked-goods, and more!  







© 2022 cherry hill orchards  |  all rights reserved  |  privacy policy  |  login  |  website design & hosting by 270net technologies, inc. 


















 




							call						














 




							map						














 




							calendar						














 




							contact						





































