








mark roesler | the official licensing website for mark roesler











home - the official site of mark roesler


























































 























about

biography
timeline
rules for success
curriculum vitae
published works
business ventures
familiar faces
awards
philanthropy


services

expert witness testimony
consulting
speaking engagements
valuation


press center

interviews

60 minutes
cashed out
the wow factor podcast


press kit
articles archive


cmg worldwide

about
clients
services
technology


legal

right of publicity
damages
state statutes
copyright
trademark
case law
famous domain names
legal battles


foundation
 





select page


  
 



 



 









 
 
 






 
 
 
 
 





 

the comprehensive guide to economic damages, sixth edition
 
this new edition, edited by nancy j. fannon, jonathan dunitz, jimmy pappas, bill scally, and steve veenema, features 49 chapters drawing on the expertise of nearly 70 financial experts and attorneys, including mark roesler who coauthored chapter 26: damages and right of publicity infringements.
the comprehensive guide to economic damages, 6th edition combines the economic expert’s knowledge of damages calculations and methods with legal and case analysis. it provides a deep and rich resource for financial experts and attorneys seeking guidance on appropriate remedies and related damages calculations, and addresses many of the problems that may arise in any case. with each successive edition of this guide, the editors and authors have drilled deeper into existing topics, and broadened the scope of damages material covered. the breadth and depth of topics discussed, along with 300 court case digests, makes the guide the most comprehensive body of knowledge relating to economic damages available.
 
learn more and buy

 
 
 



watch mark roesler on 60 minutes
 



 

mark roesler
in his 40th year of representing the world’s most famous personalities, cmg worldwide founder and chairman, mark roesler, has successfully positioned his marketing and management company as the dominant force in the evolving intellectual property arena. “before we started working in this area, deceased celebrities or their estates had limited rights to their name or images,” roesler said.
read more
 

instagram

facebook

twitter

linkedin

 
 



 
 
 



representation
cmg routinely works with law firms engaged in entertainment and intellectual property litigation to help construct a strategy that will result in a fair resolution.
read more
 
 

celebrity valuation
the value of an individual’s intellectual property rights is an issue which arises frequently.
read more
 
 

expert witness
mark roesler has been called upon for his expert witness testimony in a number of trials.
read more
 
 
 
 



 



 
 
cmg worldwide
 

an unparalleled reputation and the recognized leader in the field of celebrity branding, marketing, licensing, clearances, intellectual property management and event services.

 
 
 
 






 




 




 
 
 


 


 










mark roesler is the leader in intellectual property rights and valuation. for all inquiries, business and otherwise, please complete and submit this form.

your name*
 

your e-mail*
 

your phone
 

your message*
 



* denotes a required field



 
 
 
 
 


 

mark roesler
ceo
cmg worldwide
 
 




mark@cmgworldwide.com
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




mark roesler © 2024  

 
 
 



 




























