


we design visually engaging print & web solutions that are scalable & robust, giving you a unique solutions for your business. - mindwatering
































home


design & development
lotus application developmentprint designweb site developmentrequest a design quote

solutions & consulting
notes and domino application developmentlotus domino administrationsecurence mail filteringunitrends backup and recoverylotus notes / domino appsfree lotus notes apps

hosting
web site hostinglotus application hostingcheck your mailrequest a hosting quote

publishing
media and publishing

sound


client services
help & supportmake paymentclient access - workboardbilling & payment policiescopyright & liability policiespricing & turnaround policiesprivacy statement

contact
e-mail mwget filessend files












   
 



we build visually engaging solutions that are scalable and robust, giving you a unique soundtrack for your business. ™

mindwatering, south main studios, and south main media are a unique fusion of a full service technology consulting and design company, a professional recording studio, and a new media publishing company. mindwatering, the canvas of the three ensembles, was founded in 1996 by east coast business, art, and music creatives, tripp & nicki black. what began as concentrated, but small beginnings, grew steadily into a now worldwide client base with services provided on nearly every continent, from local mom & pop businesses up to global fortune 500 companies. 

mindwatering, south main studios, and south main media services include: 


cloud hosting
website & software application development & design
integrated registration databases for websites
lotus notes/domino consulting, training & admin
online product galleries
individual projects like logos, business cards, brochures, etc.
full corporate identities/branding for digital & print
magazine & newspaper ads
digital ads
banners for social media
apparel artwork design
book dust jacket/cover artwork & design
book interior layout design
cd/dvd/audio book cover & insert design
music recording/engineering - from demos to full albums
spoken word recording/engineering
voiceovers for television/radio/webcasts
custom audio soundtracks for training materials
audio book recording/engineering
fiction & non-fiction book publishing
children & adult book publishing
pre-publishing consultation
printing vendor consultation
isbn purchase
filing with the united states library of congress
submission of book to u.s. & int'l online resellers
book editing
book/music press kit design
poster & table top display design


we know how to work smart and cost-effectively. we value integrity. 

mindwatering believes that each business is unique and should stand out from its competitors. we work hard to deliver solid, cost-saving solutions with expedient turnaround times. mindwatering is dependable and trustworthy, and we will not make recommendations that would direct you to spend more money than necessary, or buy services you do not need. our attention to detail and relational customer assistance, coupled with our smart and straight forward consulting, results in us giving our excellence toward everything that we do. 

our customized and client-focused approach will not give you a homogenized and impersonal solution or experience. 

you are not "cookie cutter", so why would you want to represent what you do to look just like anyone else? our solutions are carefully tailored to each client's business processes, functionality, and aesthetics. we ask the important questions to find out how your business works, and how you want to grow your site, applications, cloud infrastructure, and brand presence. what's more, we don't outsource or offshore our customer service, either. when you contact us, you will be talking to a real person here at mindwatering. 

we have over 3 decades of expertise working in our industry.  

our team brings together a high level of real application and wisdom across all of our offerings, from web and app development, technology consulting and instruction, cloud hosting, design, sound engineering and recording, right on through to our customer service and accounting department. we know our wheelhouses very well, and are continually expanding and building upon our knowledge so we can serve you better. take a look at our mindwatering logo. it represents the building blocks to a strong foundation for a reason.  

we are intentional to get the job done right, every single time.

mistakes waste valuable time and money, and even trust. we want successful outcomes for our clients, and we want all aspects of the project to move forward without unwanted surprises. we stay on top of the details right from the very beginning with an in-depth exploration of your needs, budget, compliances, and workflow. we prefer to have a real working relationship with our clients in order to understand how to design complete solutions, keeping your total business in context. we collaborate with you each step of the way, from ideation to the final product because simply, we are personal and quality-focused. 

what is our client demographic?

mindwatering has a diverse portfolio of clients, ranging from individuals right up to larger global enterprises. we work with businesses, non-profits, governments, entrepreneurs, music artists, authors, artists, and other strategic thinkers to leverage their visions and improve their partnerships with their customers and audiences. 

we are a full service solution.

whether you need a website, emails, and hosting, a full brand identity with business cards, letterhead, and apparel, a soundtrack for your voice mail system, animation for your products, social media advertisements, or any of our other services, mindwatering can oversee all of those offerings with ease and personalized customization. even if you choose to use a print vendor of your own choice for your print materials, we are happy to handle the communication, project management, and file maintenance between you and your vendor for quality control and peace of mind. 

we give back to our global community.

very importantly, giving back to the community is a fundamental part of who we are as a company, and as individuals. mindwatering, south main studios, south main media are committed and active sponsors of non-profit global community outreaches and cross cultural music organizations that positively impact and enrich the world in which we all live. 

contact mindwatering for a  free online quote, or call us at 919-556-3691.
 


 







 

check your mailsite hostingsupport helpsmsclient access (workboard and hosting)

copyright 1996, 1998, 2003, 2006, 2008, 2011, 2013, 2016, 2017 mindwatering, all rights reserved.





 


