




how to build enclosures for reptiles - custom snake cages - arboreal snake cages - snake keeping cage info - homemade reptile cages




















 
home

faq
about us
contact us
 




				    i have never looked at your newsletter before, but i do like it!...thanks
			      for the great website and info!
			      tim				  
hi, my name is bill and i love the news letter it is helpful.....have
			      a good one and keep up the great news letter.
keep up the excellent and very informative letter. jeff
thanks for the awesome news letter.  i keep them all.  jesse





 



i have recently built my own viv thanks to your ideas...
	    keep up the good work its beneficial to people like me!!!!!!!!!!
	    jason

in closing thought i would say thanks for the plans and other
	    info it has helped me out greatly.
	    jeff

"thanks for the ideas!!"
rob leeds 
	    i
		      am ... very happy with your plans, the organization that you have
	      put into it and i am extremely happy with the response i have gotten from
	      you when i have encountered a problem. 
	        it sure does save money. at the same time it allows me and others
		      like me to experience making the cage for our animal (animals) that we
		      care so much about. i think that when someone takes the time to sit down
		      and make something like this for their animal it really shows how much
		      they care for them and respect them.
 with your plans
	  you can also alter the cage to each and everyone's specifications, or needs.
	  i think what you are doing is wonderful and i want to thank you again.
sincerely
	robert hansford



 


		   "this is going to make an 11 year old and his lizard rex very happy".


 

spent $108.00 at lowes, another $65.00 at home depot buying things
			  that lowes didn't have..... spending
			  time with my son in a hardware store....
			  priceless!"

 


								  "overall, the best thing i have found from the cage designs... is that:
								  they work!!!! 
they allow you to view and touch your iguana from all sides, this is a must! 
once you have the material list you don't go back to the hardware store. 
just follow the instructions and it comes out perfect. 
your maintance will be much easier. 
your iguana will thank you 
once again, you will have built something cool. "
regards and best to all our green iguana friends, lance and joey portwood glidden, texas ". 



 

						"very well thought-out designs"
 

 

 
 



best viewed with ie 5+ or mozilla firefox
now you can
             build the perfect reptile cage in       10
             easy steps for a fraction of
             the cost of custom snake and other reptile cages
 
including guaranteed ways
	              to save you money and have
	              fun with these plans to make a reptile cage that make
	              it so simple, absolutely anyone can
	              build homemade reptile cages and save hundreds of dollars doing
	              it
from: mark chapple
        saturday 2.00pm
 
hi fellow reptile keepers,
if you’ve ever kept reptiles or snakes, you will have wanted
	        to build your own reptile cages. almost all of us have. 
most of you will have asked the question “how do i build
	        a homemade reptile enclosure”? it must be secure.
	        it must be comfortable. it must be one they cannot escape from. one
	        that you can be proud of. one that looks good and doesn't break the
	        bank.
where do you start?
these days custom
	          snake cages are sooo... expensive. some are thousands!
well, these reptile enclosure plans show you in 10
	          simple steps just how easy it is to build your own reptile
	          enclosure for a fraction of the cost of pet shop reptile cages
	          or snake enclosures! and they look great.
 guaranteed
and it can be up to hundreds of dollars cheaper
	        than a basic custom reptile or snake cage.
 


    "thanks again for offering these books...this is exactly what i was looking
      for."
karen



 
whether you’re an experienced hand or a
	        complete novice looking for a snake starter kit, reptile cages or
	      snake cage set up ideas, these plans can help you.
 jam-packed with pictures, information and tips,
	        these snake cages and other reptile enclosure plans are especially
	      designed to show you exactly how to build a reptile cage. we make is
	      so easy, anyone can do it. 
if you want custom snake cages, these plans are just what you
	        need. we guide you each step of the way with a simple step-by-step
	      process using detailed pictures and show you how to build a lizard
	      cage or snake enclosure that you’ll love.
even an absolute beginner can follow
	          these instructions. with the cost of custom snake cages being
	          so expensive many of us are forced to look at do it yourself - diy
	          - snake cages. i know i did. 

        i just wanted to drop a note and let you know  how pleased i am with the reptile cage plans. honestly--i was hesitant, but  glad i made the purchase. the plans are very detailed, yet easy to follow, and  definitely easy to build. you've included every thing!
        greg t. pa


i went from shop to shop and looked at many, many cages but i
	          could not justify the price – many hundreds to thousands
	          of dollars. 
finally, i thought, heck, why not build
	          a reptile enclosure! it should be possible for anyone to learn
	          how to build home made enclosures or terrarium for reptiles.
not knowing where to start, i went back to the shops and carefully
	        examined how they made their reptile cages.
now i’ve build plenty of things before in my life. i built
	        my own kitchen and bathrooms, built wood boxes and spice racks, chairs
	        and workbenches. but i had never built snake enclosures or lizard
	      cages. 
this was new territory. 
where to start? 
where do you find snake keeping cage info?
but, because i had built other things i knew what to look for.
	        i was able to go home and plan exactly how to build custom snake
	      cages to suit my purposes. i had to work out how to build
	        a snake cage from scratch. 
 


"i purchased your ebooks and love the plans."
    phillip a. 



 
i looked at lots of different plans and ideas but i also wanted
	        to keep it simple. some of the reptile and snake cages were
	        very well made but would take a very long time to build. most people
        do't have the time you would need.
the good part is i saved enough
	        money on my first
	        snake cage to buy the heat mat, thermostat, locks, lights and everything
	        else and still remain well below the cost of a
	        smaller snake cage i
	        had seen in one of the shops!! 

i couldn't have done this without your e-book.  i was  really sceptical, but figured i would only be out a few dollars, so  i figured what the heck.  boy was i wrong.  i"m a 52 year  old female credit manager with a little carpentry skills, and i built  this, all by myself.  it's awesome and wasn't hard to do.  i took my  time and did it right.  i had this completed in 2 weekends.  the  existing table i was going to use wasn't working out, so i looked at the plans  to make the stand, and a few hours later, taa daaaah!!  i've linked your  web-site to the snake forum i belong to, so i hope they too buy this  e-book.  i can't say enough good things about this.  please feel to  use this on your site if you would like to.

        one very happy customer,
        gail 
        north carolina, usa
        (you can see gails cage and stand here) 


i saved enough on the second homemade snake cage to buy myself
	        some extra tools. and  had the satisfaction that
	        you get from building something yourself. 
i’m not one for being fancy when you would do better being
	        functional. i wanted the snakes and reptiles to be secure
	        so they can’t
	        escape – my wife’s not exactly a fan of my hobby - and i
	        keep my reptiles in the house so, security is important to me – and,
	        more importantly, her.
my snakes also have to be comfortable. i don’t want my
	        pets suffering in any way. i like to see my snakes looking bright
	      eyed and healthy and curious. 
 
well,
	          these reptile and snake cages fulfill all of those needs
 


	        " all i can say is "wow and thank
	        you" .
	        they will make my cage making a much easier and a more fun task.
	        once again thank you for your web site and you prompt support"
    burt tejada 



 
now
	          i can make them to any size and type i like. with these snake enclosure
	          plans you will learn the exact same skills to be able to do that to! and
	          save money on every one – even if you ever only build
	          one, you’ll still save heaps of money.when i first started keeping
	          snakes and lizardsi had no idea. i knew a little through friends
	          but i was uncertain about how to go about building your own snake
	          cage. 
i had tons of questions like:

   where
                could i find reptile cage construction
                plans? 

  how
          do i make a reptile cage? 
   where
                    can i find information on how to build enclosures for reptiles?

   what’s
                    a temperature gradient and
                    how do i make one?

   how
                    do i ensure the temperature is right? 

   what's
                    the best material to make it out of?

   what other
          snake keeping cage info do i need?
   how
                big should it be?

   how
                      do i ventilate it properly?

   how
          do i make it secure?

   what
		  other cage designs can i make?
   how
		  do i set up my reptile cage?
   how
		  can i make waterproof cage?

being the sort of person i am, i like to find out as much as possible. i
	          read everything i could get my hands on, asked questions, trialed
  ideas and made mistakes like everyone else. now, you
	          can benefit from the mistakes i made and the things i found
	          out. 
i’ve
	          done all the hard work for you. i’ve made all the mistakes on
	          your behalf! you can just jump right in and
	          use these snake enclosure plans to build you own snake cage, knowing
	          that they will work and that i’ve done the research and testing
	          for you. you can benefit from my knowledge and mistakes (and believe
	          me – it’s easy to make mistakes and waste money!). 
 

	      all i can say ... is wow!!! you have obviously put a lot of work into
	      this project and done it like a pro. prices, supply lists, detailed
	      photos... you've got it all. i plan on putting your
	      link on and posting it to various newsgroups as "you
	      gotta see this". 
	      again, from what i have seen so far, there is nothing
	      else like this, it's great.
bennett greenberg
	      www.beardiedragon.com



 
i’ve
	          wasted plenty of money and materials though my mistakes and boo-boos.
	          but now there's no more asking “how do i build a reptile
	          cage?” without
	          making mistakes. i’ll show you how to make  a reptile or
	          snake cage with these simple, step-by-step snake enclosure plans
	          for custom snake cages. you get the benefit from knowing that your
	          reptiles are secure and comfortable. 
you can
	          enjoy watching them knowing you have built a great environment and saved
	          lots of money in the process. plus, its fun to build you own
	          deluxe reptile tank. 
think how
	            much better they are than acrylic reptile cages or terrariums!whether
	            you want a ball python cage design, an australian blue tongue
	            lizard shelter, a home made cage for a bearded dragon, a coastal
	            carpet python enclosure, a snake enclosure for
	            an australian childrens python, corn snakes, garter snakes, hog
	            nose snakes, rat snakes, king snakes, red tail boas, dumeril's
	            boas or cages for just about any type of snake or lizard, these
	            home made reptile cages will suit your pet.
 
"i really enjoy the e-books, they are awesome."
chris w.





 
so
	                what will you get when you download these snake enclosure
	                plans and instantly start planning?
   enjoy
	            the personal satisfaction that comes from creating your own
	            snake enclosure. 

sit back and admire your handiwork, knowing
          you were the one that made it!    get that great feeling of accomplishment and satisfaction that
    comes from knowing you did it yourself!

   the plans are awesome by the way. i'm really looking  forward to getting stuck into them. 
   scott i. vic


  done!!! in
      10 easy steps. the step-by-step instructions come with full color pictures
      and make your task a cinch.

even if you are a complete beginner, these plans show you
            in detail what to do and how to do it, saving
            you time – no guess work for you. you can have fun building your cage and be happy knowing we’ve removed the
      problems for you.

   just wanted to say the book is freaking awesome! me and my girlfriend love my new cages. i didnt feel like i could assemble nice enclosures till your book, i even had some fun. thanks again for the great book. 
     rigoberto r


   discover
        a host of snake cage set up ideas.

when you get your snake enclosure plans for your custom
            snake enclosure, you get more than one plan. yes, that’s right.
            our plans come with a range of options to suit your budget and other
        money saving tips. we suggest materials you can use and help you to make
        the decision on the best ones to choose for your snake and you. you
        save money whichever material you use. and you get great ideas!
   save
          up to hundreds of dollars by building your own snake cage

            why pay the cost of purchasing someone else’s time when
                  you can save
          money and have the joy and personal satisfaction of making it
          yourself. the money you save can go to enhancing your cage even further
          with great accessories for your snake or lizard.
 

thank you for your help..the plans are awesome..
              thanks again
            dave g 



   save time shopping for the parts with a complete list of materials
            and sizes already written for you

these snake enclosure plans come with a complete shopping
            list, saving you time and money. you save time because you
            don’t
            have to think about what you need – it’s all done for
            you. no third and fourth trips to the hardware to get materials. you save money because wastage is reduced. you save money because
            you did it yourself – for a fraction of the cost! 
   these
              reptile enclosures save you time and money. sturdy construction methods
              means they
              last longer.

you build your snake cage and you know that it’s well
            made. the sturdy construction methods mean it will last
            a long time,
                      saving you the need to replace cages, broken doors and
            put up with shoddy workmanship. plus there are tips for you to make
                      cages even stronger. all this means you pet is more secure.
            your cages last a lot longer and you feel content knowing they are safe
              and secure. every dollar you spend goes farther.

awesome! i was very hesitant to order this and was concerned about what the content would entail. after looking through the pdf briefly i can see this is all i wanted and more. i am very excited to sit down and absorb this info.
          paul d. 


   you’ll look very, very clever! learn the tips and tricks to building
                a professional looking snake enclosure. 

we make it easy for you with
                            our straight forward tips and tricks as you go along.
                      we show you how make stackable, lockable
                      cages. your snake or reptile is secure and safe. your valuable reptile cannot
          escape.
   stack
                your cages and save space
these cages are stackable. you
            can put them on top of each other and have two, three or more cages
            stacked, saving you space and keeping you reptiles together. long,
            or short, it doesn't matter. 
 

		    thanks mark, very useful stuff....
pretty proud of myself considering i have never made anything in my life!
                
              dave




 
   make
              money by selling them to your friends!

make cages for your friends or a local pet supply.
why not make cages for a bit of extra cash. it’s
fun and easy to do! and you can make money. why not have a small business
                  earning a bit of money with the skills you learn from these
                  snake enclosure plans. you have full rights to use them to
          make cages to earn money.
   you’ll never have to buy a pre-built cage again.

once you have these snake enclosure plans you will not need
      to go and pay big dollars for custom snake cages ever again. save
      money every time you need to build a snake cage or upgrade
      a snake enclosure. once you know how to build a reptile cage,
      building another one is even easier. you’ll
          be an expert in no time. bragging rights are free!

            i can't tell you how helpful your book was. it gave me the confidence to make my own tank which is great b/c i could customize it and not overpay for a prefabricated one. i stained the inside which looks great and painted the outside to match the room it's in.

          more than you wanted to know, i'm sure but i wanted you to know just how much freedom your book gave me!!

          take care.
            jennifer d. nc


 
   no matter what size of your pet, the tips, tricks and techniques will ensure
                      you build a snake enclosure perfectly suited to your snake or reptile.

you can simply change the sizes to suit your reptile. big,
small – it
                      does not matter. just build the snake cage to suit your
pet. you’ll
                      feel good knowing that the cage is the right size for your
snake and they are housed in a cage that is the optimum size. saving
                      you time and money. don't spend your time and
                      money guessing or trying out different sizes and wasting
                      money making a cage only to find out your snake enclosure
                      is too small or too big.even if your snake is only young,
                      we’ve got you covered. need a large reptile cage?
                      no problem - we can show you how.

            thank you for creating the great ebook reptile cage plans. i'm pretty handy, but having your ebook made building my first snake cage which will be the future home for my new baby dumerils boa a whole lot easier. you have built these lots before and learned the best way, so by following your directions i was able to build my very first cage the best way without any prior experience. thanks for creating an easy to follow guide to building snake cages for the world, i loved the supply list and dimensions sheet for a four foot by two foot cage.

            andrew m


  
   rest easy in the knowledge your pets are comfortable, safe and secure

the solid construction means your snake cannot escape.
            correct ventilation means they are comfortable but not
  losing too much heat. we show you how to create the best
  environment for your pet. if your snake or reptile is happy
  and healthy then you’re happy and can rest easy knowing they are being looked after properly.
    find what the correct size of your cage should be.

how large will your pet be? find out how large your
                          cage should be to suit your snake or lizard. that way you can know that your pet will be comfortable and not too cramped or feeling too overwhelmed.
 

          ..it took me awhile to decide whether to buy, but i am very happy with your   simple break down of the step-by-step cage plans.  definitely money well spent. 
            douglas


 
   download
                            it immediately and start planning right away.

easy download means you can start planning right away.
                            inside you’ll find the all the information you need and the tools you
                            require to get started right now. even if it’s three o’clock in
                            the morning! no wasting time
                            drawing up plans and redoing endless
                            diagrams – and
                            that can be a long process. it’s all been done
                            for you! 
   discover
                              what are the best materials to build reptile cages from.

reptile and snakes cages can be made from a variety
of materials. we'll tell what they are and which ones
are the best for you. what should you make doors from
and how can you make them? what's an easy way to make
a door? how can it be made totally waterproof? 

          i just wanted to drop a line and say thanks for putting  together this little "book of secrets".  i had a corner in my basement where i  envisioned building a closet type room into a lizard cage.  i already completed it once before finding  your website.  this spring we had some  torrential downpours and our basement leaked.   some of my construction methods didn't hold up to the test of time, and  it was due for a remodel.  although my  cage is quite different from your designs, i was able to use a lot of the ideas  for doors, waterproofing, fake rock walls, decorations, etc.  i just wanted to show off the cage a little  and say thanks once again.
          jason r. 


 
   discover
                                ways to make your cage with a minimum of tools.

even if you don't have all of the tools necessary,
we'll tell you how to make the cages with the minimum of tools.
                                            i've used these exact same methods
    when building kitchens and bathroom cupboards.

   learn
    how to make great cage accessories
included in the plan downloads are instructions make accessories for your
  cage. cage furniture can cost a small fortune, but not any more, when we show
  you how to make
  them for next to nothing. 
 



right now you’re probably thinking these have got to be expensive.
well, they should probably sell for twice what i’m asking,
after all i’m going to save you well over $100 to start
with on even the most basic cage and hundreds of dollars on
larger cages..
and if you’re a reptile owner you generally don’t stop at one. 
am i right? 
 


 

  "just put my texas indigo snake into a new 
72" by 24" enclosure i built with your design book - we're both loving
it!" 
bill




 
you will save a minimum of 4 times the cost of
    these plans on any cage you build, probably much more. i saved well over $150
    on the first cage i ever built, based on the most basic cage i could find and
    even more on the second (i worked out a few things about the local suppliers).
    you can save
	       many hundreds of dollars on a large terrestrial or arboreal cage!
	       i found some very ordinary cages that ran from $350-$650. 
not only that, to make the deal even better, i'll throw in some added bonuses
  - for free.
 


 

bonus number 1
snake keeping – “proven
                        techniques everyone can use”
by barry nielsen
 (value $27.95)



this ebook (over
                  60 pages) is packed with information that
                  both beginners and old-timers find invaluable.no longer
                  in print and available only through this website, this is a
                  fantastic resource for any snake owner. 
barry is a well respected
                    breeder and herpetologist who has been breeding snakes and
                    dispensing advice for 20 years. he knows what he is talking
                    about. i had to prize this book from him so i could offer
		  it to you. highly
                      recommended.
here’s
          what some have to say:
"if you own snakes now, or if you are merely
	        entertaining the notion of buying one, you owe it to yourself to
	        read this book."
phillip samuelson, editor of reptiles
"even though i have some experience
      at maintaining snakes, i was able to learn things i did not know or ways
      to improve upon what i am currently doing. i particularly appreciated your
      in-depth information on shedding."
john d.--ohio
"thanks a lot for your book. it really is
	        a wonderful book for keepin (sic) captive snakes healthy and strong.
	        i wish i had this book when i started out. many little accidents
	        would never have happened."
german f.--venezuela
nuff said... 

 
                bonus
                      number 2
how to build iguana
                                cages
by keith
                      van zile
 (value
                        $27.95)

 
undoubtedly the
                  best iguana cage on
                  the planet or at least "it's
              the best value for the money of any cage i've seen". 
even
                  an absolute beginner can follow these instructions.
keith really knows what he is talking about and has been making
              cages for years, sending them all over the country. this really
              is a great bonus. these cages are also suitable
              for water dragons & angle
              headed dragons.
some of the
                great features these iguana cage plans include are:
 easy
                  to clean
the construction
                materials are easy to look after and wipe clean. 
 clever lightweight
                  design - very mobile.
you can move
                these cages around simply and easily on your own. included are
              design ideas to make this even easier.
 simple
                  to construct -
              easy to follow instructions anyone can follow!
the diagrams
                and pictures make the construction a cinch. the materials are
                commonly available and there is a complete materials list included
                with everything you need to build the cages.
 swinging
                  doors that allow you to walk in and care for your pet.
the cleverly
                designed doors allow for full access. you can go right in or
                use the partial access to add food trays, change water or clean
                areas.
 hanging
                  basking spots
iguanas love
                to be up high. these cages cater for that and the wonderful hanging
                basket arrangements allow for the iguanas to climb up to the
                top and happily bask for hours under the lights. these basking
                spots are designed to look good, be comfortable
                and very functional. your iguana will love them.
 great visibility
                  for the iguana
your iguana
                can observe the happenings around them form their basking spots.
                good viewing areas means they will take an interest in their
                surrounding and not be bored. you can also keep
                a close eye on them and make sure they appear healthy and alert.

              i started on the big iguana cage yesterday and am very close to finishing.  just wanted to let you know how great the cage looks and how easy the plans were.  i have a 6 year old iguana (about 3 feet long) and the cage i currently have him in sucks.  he is going to feel like he is in the taj mahal with his new cage.  so glad i found you on the internet.

              robin p.
              pecos, texas

 fantastic talking
              point
imagine the
                feeling when people come into your home and see this fantastic
                looking cage with a heathly iguana eye-balling them back! "who
                made this?" "i did!"
 look
                  fabulous (you should see what some owners have done with them!!
                  - almost works of art)
these cage
                designs offer you the ability to create fantastic cages to show
              your own personality and style. some owners have created wonderful
              cages that are showpieces.
 iguana cage ideas
these plans
                have ideas for different materials, floor structures, sides,
                backs and ways to set up your cage.
 make indoor
                  or outdoor iguana enclosures
equally at
                home indoors or outdoors. many owners have an indoor cage and
                an outdoor cage for those sunny days. lots of vitamin d for your
                pet outdoors when the sun's out and back inside when the weather's
                unsuitable.
how
                to build a raised floor - great idea.
you can add a raised floor to your cages. this can be useful for
                cleaning up mess, fodd etc. or adding a tray.
 full color  images
all of the
                steps are in full color and follow the construction of the cage
                step-by-step to show you how to construct each section and what
                it should look like.
 can
                be made with the minimum of tools
you hardly
                need any tools. a few basics and an inexpensive jigsaw (ideally)
                and you're away. borrow one if you have to - you don't need a
              lot and you don't need any experience.
there
                  are three full plans
                  for iguana house habitats  to suit everyone's needs - including
                those of your iguana - as he or she grows (and they will grow!).
 



                            click image to enlarge (uses
                            popups ie hold ctrl to overide) or click here 
mini
                          jungle gym
3.5
                          feet wide, 2.5 feet deep and 5.75 feet tall.
fantastic
                          starter cage or cage for those smaller spaces or lizards.
                          great outoor cage for those sunny days.



                  click image to enlarge(uses
                    popups ie hold ctrl to overide) or click here 
big
                          jungle gym
5.5
                          feet wide, 4 feet deep and 5.75 feet tall.
got
                          a larger iguana that wants a little more room? why
                          not have one of these outside? very comfortable for
                          any iguana.



                    click image to enlarge (uses popups ie hold ctrl to overide)
                        or click here 
jumbo
                          jungle gym
 8
                          feet wide,  4 feet deep and 5.75 feet tall.
the deluxe cage - your lizard can move about and be part
                          of the family. an awesome cage that will be a real
                          showpiece. imagine what some decorations and foliage
                          will make this look like!


just
                how good are these plans?
don't just
                take my word for it, ask merlin the iguana for
                a testimonial:
 


"i
                      thought i would send you a pic of merlin in his new cage.
                      i cannot begin to tell you how much he likes his new home.
                      his attitude has improved 100% since moving in. i can actually
                      pet him and spend quality time with him now. he is extremely
                      happy and content. sometimes he waits for me to move his
                      food to his basking hammock where he spends almost all
                      of his time.. stretched out.. legs dangling down and looking
                      out the window. you should feel really good about your
                      cages.. they are good for the iguana soul.."
lw
                    in az



these
            are great cages!
 


 
 
bonus
                          number 3
making  heat mats for reptile
                        cages
(value $17.95)
 
thermostatic
                  heat mats are expensive items. this bonus item shows you how
                  to make inexpensive, safe and long lasting heat mats for use
                  with a thermostat. i use them and i know many others who use
			  this exact same method. 
why
                  pay big bucks when you can do it yourself for so much less cost and get a far
                better result? 
many of the
                commercial rocks and mats can burn reptiles. i had  to throw
              out one as it buckled timber and was far too dangerous. i use this
              method now and it has been fantastic.
                  used by many, many owners, this is one of the best,
                  cheapest and cost effective ways to heat cages. once
                  you've made one you can make them again and again. 
 


 
bonus
                          number 4
reptile resource sheets plus
                          12 common reptile care sheets (including iguanas and
                          an iguana resource sheet)
 (value
          $17.95)

 
this is the
                quick start/reference guide for the most common snakes and reptiles.
            included reptiles are: 

ball pythons
corn
                    snakes
bearded
                  dragons
rosy boas
jackson's
                  chameleon
iguanas
blue tongue
                  lizards (skinks)
african
                  skinks
box turtles
savannah
                monitors
 these quick
                reference care sheets will get you up and running with valuable
                tips. what to do and what to avoid. a must
                have for quick reference.
plus a  range of informative and valuable information sheets essential
              to any owner of reptiles, including 

lighting and it's use in herpetology
how to build light covers
snake and lizard quick reference sheets
salmonella q & a information
pest control
toxic vegetation list for reptiles

 

 

			  bonus number 5
"how to make a reptile cage stand in five 
easy steps" 
(value $12.75)


 this reptile cage stand is  
		      very sturdy, practical, inexpensive and versatile. 
 specifically designed for aquariums, vivariums and reptile
			    cages, it is also very simple to build, having  only three sizes
			    of timber, straight cuts and  the minimum of tools.
these plans include easy, step-by-step instructions, full
			      color pictures			    and detailed diagrams - pus a host of useful tips and tricks.
			    they tell you how much timber to buy, what tools
		      you need and guide through each step of the building process. 
you'll
			      be pleasantly surprised at how much you'll save when you
			    build your own. 
 

 
 
bonus
                            number 6
starting with reptiles and amphibians
(value
                        $17.95)
contents:
this booklet was written by a herpetolgist and reptile keeper with over
35 years experience. especially designed with the new owner in
mind. if you're just starting, this is a must have reference that will get
you up and running, cover off the basics and give you  direction. 

introduction
are reptiles & amphibians suitable as pets?
which animal should i choose?
why do i want to keep reptiles & amphibians?
handling, housing
heat & light
substrate & decor
cleaning & health
feeding
species reccommended for beginners
species not reccommended for beginners


 
 

bonus number 7
how to build a reptile wall & artificial plants 
(value $12.75)
here's a choice for
          you...
pay
               a bundle of money for a fake rock wall decoration
               or artificial plant or build
               one for next to nothing that
               looks as good as the bought ones.
which is it? no need
	       to look any further, we'll throw these easy to follow instructions in
	       for you - for nothing. so clever and ingenious that you'll have to make
	       more. and more...
these would enhance
	       the looks of any reptile enclosure or outdoor or indoor iguana house
	       or habitat. 
based on the cost of
	       only the artificial plants at my local supplier, these alone
	       can save you the cost of the plans. (in fact they were over
	       $40) 
 




bonus
                          number 8 
''best of the best'' snake
                          care faq's
(value
                          $27.75)


gathered over
		          five years by experienced snake and reptile keeper and breeder
		          and filtered from hundreds		          of emails these
		          are the best of the best in
		          faq's and quick tips. you'll want to keep reading them over
		          and over again. 
this is a superb supplement for any owner.
		            more than 50 pages of valuable information and advice from
		      an expert herpetologist, provided to owners from around the globe. 
these include:

faq--feeding snakes
faq--health issues
faq--skin shedding
faq--snake cages
faq--miscellaneous

(including the story about
		        a 10 foot long python with an eye problem and
		        the woman who sleeps with it uncaged in her waterbed!)

 



bonus number 9 
"how
                                  to build an incubator from scratch in less
                                  than a day" 
(value $27.00)


save money
                and discover how to build your own incubator.
seven                designs
                to choose from. this handy manual comes complete with 
                illustrations and material lists. easy
                to follow, step-by-step instructions, hints  and tips.
whether you're
                new to breeding or an old seasoned hand, this book is sure to
                have something that will help you  successfully incubate your
                valuable herps.



how certain am i that
	     you'll succeed making your own reptile cages when you use this book?
definite enough to offer
	     you this no-holds-barred, 100%, iron-clad guarantee...
 



i personally
                 guarantee that if, after trying out the amazingly simple ''how
               to build your own reptile enclosure book'', you are not completely
               thrilled within the next 12 months, i will refund you 100% of
               your purchase price without question or delay. that means you'll
               receive the entire book to test out, but if you decide during
               that time -- for whatever reason -- that it can't work for you,
               then i will cheerfully refund your money, with nothing deducted
               from what you paid. it's my iron-clad guarantee
                 to you! plus, you'll come out ahead because you'll get to keep
                 all the bonuses worth over $160 as a thank you for giving it
                 a go.



 
yes please, i would like
	     the custom snake enclosure plans including snake keeping cage info for
	     $37.95. 
i understand that i may
	     send back the book within the next twelve months if i am not completely
	     happy, and keep the bonuses.
if you order
	       before midnight  
  we’ll drop the price to $27.95. that’s over 25%
  discount! (in fact if you include the other products its well over
  $180 worth of great products) 
order
	     now and avoid being disappointed. 
download
	       the "building your own reptile cages"
  book immediately
  and start making your own cages today








 
 order now and start planning right away! why wait until tomorrow? get these plans now and have
	     a fantastic cage built within the week! 
(order now through our secure server,
  and get instant access!)








 and
	       get started immediately. i'll  send you the download instructions
	       as well as all nine super bonuses!!
 


           kind regards
  mark chapple,

p.s. remember,
	       you have nothing to lose. you keep the bonuses, whatever you decide.
	       in the meantime you can use these snake enclosure plans to build a
	   reptile cage that you can be proud of. why pay hundreds of dollars
	   for a custom snake cage when you can build your own snake cage for a fraction
	   of the cost? remember you’ll save at least 4 times the cost of these
	   plans on one cage alone. plus you'll save even more when you make your
	   own cage furniture and fittings. 
p.p.s. you
	     have full rights to make as many cages as you wish. you can sell them,
	     give snake enclosures away or simply keep on making reptile cages
	   for yourself. and you are getting all of my bonuses thrown in for
	   nothing! this is great value. remember my iron-clad guarantee too. if
	   you are not satisfied you can return the book within 12 months and we’ll
	   refund your full purchase price. order now and avoid being disappointed.
	   if you are serious about saving money and you keep reptiles you cannot
	   do better than this offer.
 
click
	       below now to get immediate access to the 
"building your own reptile cages" book
  using our safe and secure paypal server











 
reptilecageplans.com
  po box 382
  balnarring, victoria 3926
  australia 


resources
links 


 
 
 





 ©copyright reptile-cage-plans.com
  all rights reserved.







