




about us | maine potato board









































 









 
mpb_animated







































































207-769-5061 | mainepotatoes@mainepotatoes.com

potatoes recipes
newsletter signup





 


menu
home
all about potatoes

nutrition
faqs
recipes
people
sustainability
videos


for growers

industry reports
research reports
crop health & development
farm classified
industry links
board members


sustainability
resources

2025 maine potato summit
2024 maine potato summit
2023 maine potato summit
job postings
dealer list
board directory
seed certification
seed potato board
paul cyr photography


contact
 


 








maine potatoes
a heritage of the highest quality





sustainability
learn more about how maine potatoes are made with sustainable growing practices!














about us

the maine potato industry prides itself on producing a high-quality product, whether that product is potatoes destined for your table, french fries, potato chips, or other processed potatoes. the maine quality trademark is your guarantee that the contents are only the highest quality. in fact, before those potatoes can bear that trademark, they are inspected and pass requirements stricter than the united states department of agriculture’s u.s. no. 1 grade. just look for the red, white and blue state of maine trademark the next time you’re shopping for potatoes.

in the news…


seed potato import requirements for the state of maine
growers wishing to import seed potatoes into the state of maine must be aware that there are conditions/testing that must be met to obtain an import permit from the maine department of agriculture conservation and forestry. there is also a fee for the activity: $35 per permit plus $0.40 per cwt for bags or bulk […]
read more >


new marketing assistance now available for specialty crop producers
usda makes $2 billion available to support expansion of current and development of new markets washington, dec. 9, 2024 – the u.s. department of agriculture (usda) farm service agency’s (fsa) $2 billion marketing assistance for specialty crops (masc) program, aimed at helping specialty crop producers expand markets and manage higher costs, is now accepting applications […]
read more >



read all news >








about the
maine potato
 

awesome
recipes
 

sign up for our
newsletter
 

growings &
sustainability
 

industry
reports
 


contact us 744 main street, suite 1
presque isle, me 04769
phone: (207) 769-5061

 







get the scoop on sustainability							

sign up for our newsletter							

find us on facebook							

delicious potato recipes							

© 2025 maine potato board | designed by sutherland • weston

 
 




