




our laughing place travel – travel




















































 




skip to content











homedestinations

disney destinations universal studios sandals & beaches
blogour storycontact ussign in / jointoggle website search










menu
close






home
destinations

disney destinations
universal studios
sandals & beaches


blog
our story
contact us
sign in / jointoggle website search




 






















 


















 











our laughing place travel has been planning magical vacations for over 21 years.  











our trademark is knowledgeable service. we make it our business to know the ins and outs of disney vacations and how to make travel planning fun and effective. our travel agents, or as well like to call them, travel pixies, are specially trained and ready to help you plan your vacation from the ground up. are you ready to plan your vacation? 






let's go!

















 












 




















 




disney destinations 








 




universal studios 








 




sandals & beaches 














joychristee at olp travel has been planning our disney and universal vacations for years now. she has graciously helped with every last minute change of plans no matter what they were.  christee has always taken the time to get to know our family and had made recommendations on restaurants, shows,  etc that we might enjoy. she even follows up throughout the trip to make sure everything is going well. i highly recommend her and her team.laureltracee has planned one disney park vacation and two disney cruises for our family and we could not be happier with the experiences.  planning for meals and fast passes in the parks can be intimidating, but tracee made the process seamless.  her knowledge and recommendations from personal experiences made each of our activities special memories for our family.  i will always call upon tracee for disney planning! ashleywe traveled in november 2020. i had no idea what to do to plan a vacation to disney and felt pretty overwhelmed, but andrea did all the hard work for me! there were great deals bc of the virus and we didn’t mind wearing a mask all day as it wasn’t super hot. as we were getting ready to leave, a hurricane was just hitting florida which freaked me out but andrea helped to to book a few more days so we didn’t have to waste our park tickets on horrible weather. i couldn’t recommend her more! thanks andrea!!mandythe idea of going to disney has always overwhelmed me.  but andrea dixon took care of all of the hows and whats and whys for our trip in january 2020.  it was an absolutely perfect trip ... thanks to her!!  andrea went above and beyond to make sure that our arrangements were perfect, our fast passes were booked, and our experience was magical.  she answered my endless questions and made fabulous suggestions. we will ... without hesitation ... recommend andrea to our friends ... and use her again for our future disney vacations! 


 

 














 







 







 















 




our laughing place travel has been planning magical vacations for over 21 years. let us help you plan yours!  









 









olp@ourlaughingplace.com 













 









724-222-5970 













 









follow us on facebook 











 



would you like to receive travel updates from olp travel in your inbox? keep in touch, and subscribe to our newsletter below. 




name



email address: 
		




leave this field empty if you're human: 












© 2021 all rights reserved 
















log in
become a part of our community!





username





password




 remember me



login


forgot your password? get help




reset password
recover your password





username or e-mail





send my password


a password will be e-mailed to you.


back to
login



×







close panel



 






































