











homepage – project childsafe






































































skip to content

get a free safety kit here.





















about
law enforcement
in your community
educational materials
news
blog
 















donate




be a responsible firearm owner

gun storage check module
securing your firearm
hunt s.a.f.e.


talking gun safety with kids

understanding gun safety
discussing mental health


donate
 











 
 securing your firearm







 
 bring project childsafe to your community







 
 youth mental health and suicide prevention resources









 

 
project childsafe is the nation’s most comprehensive firearm safety and education program—created by gun owners, for gun owners.

our story									






by the numbers




41
m+



free gun locks since 1998




15,000



law enforcement agency partners




13,000
+



retail stores, conservation groups, hunting clubs & safety instructors joined








toolkits


our toolkits help supporters, law enforcement officers, non-profit advocacy groups, safety instructors, trainers, range owners and health professionals spread awareness of project childsafe’s purpose and share the necessary resources to assist others eager to learn more about gun safety.





 
law enforcement






 
supporters






 
non-profit groups






 
safety instructors









 

 
secure gun storage can prevent access by children, theft or unauthorized use by a person who may pose a danger to themselves or others.







 

a teen’s suicide prevention story
hear the real-life story of a teenager who took all the right steps, including using a project childsafe gun lock, to prevent his girlfriend from attempting suicide. knowing the warning signs of suicide and limiting access to lethal means, including firearms, for at-risk teens can help save lives. project childsafe has resources designed specifically for teens to help them identify suicide risk factors, take steps to start a conversation and get support from trusted adults who can help.
play video













visit our project childsafe communities

see events											






 






 



i know from raising my own family that just because kids aren’t asking about gun safety, doesn’t mean they don’t have questions. as a parent, if you have guns at home, it’s vital that you have a conversation with your kids about gun safety. even if you don’t have guns, the conversation is still important.
u.s. army veteran, shooting sports champion, hunter, mom



 















talking gun safety with kids
securing your firearm
hunt s.a.f.e.
 





be a responsible gun owner
gun storage check module
understanding gun safety
discussing mental health
 





support our mission
in your community
contact us
educational materials
news
who we are
 







 











sign up for our quarterly newsletter to stay up-to-date on new project childsafe resources, news and events.
	


email
































project childsafe® is a program of the national shooting sports foundation. the own it? respect it. secure it.® initiative is a safety message campaign of project childsafe®. © 2025 project childsafe, inc. all rights reserved.

terms of use									
linking policy									
privacy statement									





















