






parallelepipedish – bill and brenda sutton


















































parallelepipedish






and they said it wouldn’t lastbill suttonbeerbill’s musicsutton family genealogytrainsbill’s live journal (bedlamhouse)brenda suttonbrenda’s musicbodhránista!bodhrán carebodhrán etiquettebodhrán jokesbodhrán pronunciationbodhrán tipshow to hold the bodhránseisiún termstipperswritinga.d.d. gardenerfoodentreesbeef tomato stir fryrock cornish game hens stuffed with wild riceshrimp curryinside-out chicken cordon bleuthe world’s best lasagna! no…really!their musicbill and brenda suttonbed & breakfastbed and breakfast facebook pagebooking informationconcertsdiscographylyricsbill’s lyricscaretakershand in the cookie jarhigh fantasymind, hands and heartserenityune chanson sans amourvorwomen with drumsbrenda’s lyricsabsolutely bonkersall the nac mac feeglesall the way from italy (maria lucia)amanda/sarekangry birdsdrinking with the man in the moonname me jonathan!sex after cpapthis turn of the wheelcollaborationssense of wondertake it step by stepwhere’s my flying car?contact









bill & brenda sutton

2022 blessings
2022 has been a year of loss for so many people, whether sudden or expected. the entire tenor of the year seems to be one of spoilage – we should be getting back to a comfortable new normal and yet so many days have been filled with the disruption of rights, access, and lives. on… 
december 20, 2022


2021 wishes for light
well, that – like so many things this year – almost got away from me. but it is still the day of the winter solstice, and as such the return of light to our lives is still much on our minds. things are a bit better than last year for many, not so much for… 
december 21, 2021


2020 holiday blessings
seldom does the winter solstice so mirror the actual events in our lives. even in the midst of some of our darkest hours, with increased covid-19 infections and deaths, continued economic inequality and impact from pandemic-incited unemployment, and isolation from our friends and families we can see a glimmer of light on the horizon. it’s… 
december 20, 2020


st. patrick’s day gigs updated
it’s almost here! we’ve updated the st. patrick’s day gigs, so check them out and come join us! 
march 9, 2018


greetings of the season
it’s an odd year. certainly this is the warmest december since moving to indiana (and the irony of atlanta getting 6″ of snow when we haven’t had enough to show a rabbit’s tracks yet is neither lost on me nor pleasant). we were late getting decorations up due to weekends spent doing other things –… 
december 19, 2017


gig schedule updated
our gig schedule for 2017 has been updated – we’ll be adding more as the summer days approach. hope to see you there! 
april 24, 2017


california, here we come!
we’re so looking forward to spending some time out in the bay area as the music guests of honor at consonance, march 24 – 26, 2017.   it will be loads of fun getting to play with canadian singer leslie hudson again. at ovff she crammed nine of us on stage, and we had a blast… 
march 16, 2017


st. patrick’s day gigs
bill and brenda’s irish pub duo, bed & breakfast, performs twice this st. patrick’s day. the first gig is a family show from 5pm to 8pm at pizza paradise on main street in danville, indiana. then at 9pm they bounce across the street to diesel’s and play the rowdier songs until the wee hours. come… 
march 16, 2017


set up recaptcha
unfortunately, with the spam inundation, i’ve had to set up some of that annoying “are you a human” stuff. hopefully this will work. 
november 21, 2016


le disque compact nouveau est arrivé!
we are back from fencon and have the full shipment of cds on hand. the first step is to mail the cds to those who pre-ordered – some have volunteered to receive their cds at ovff and this is especially appreciated for those outside the us. i will be conducting a survey to confirm this.… 
september 27, 2016



older posts→














parallelepipedish

		proudly powered by wordpress 










