



index.htm



























jordan's galleries


jordan's art











galleriesspecialdoodleshomefloralsflorals tooflowerssurrealabstractsdecoranimalsportraitstraditionalart pillowsart totespatternswearable artpainted tiesbric a bracstatementlivin magazineshowspressopeningsenvironmentalcorporateart showsprintspsychicnew apple






















jordana sands (jordan) is the creator of these art works managed by artdeco digital asset management are currently
         on sale or sold at the nft marketplaces. for details please visit:www.artdecodam.com   or email: contact@artdecodam.com 



  preparing for new art show "yesterday today and tomorrow" the yesterday and today is on this site. here is a peek at tomorrow     

 
welcome to jordan's art by
         design gallerytraditional
         - abstracts - impressionist - surreal - fantasy - visionary - spiritual - pop - expressionist 

eally "many times when i am painting, i am unaware of what
         i am painting, i only know that i am painting. i am often shocked when i see the finished product. a dealer once suggested
         i was taken over by the spirit of georgia o'keefe. well, not to my knowledge. though there are times i begin painting
         a landscape only to wind up with a flower. i start a still life, it turns into a flower.  there are times i feel as though
         someone other than myself has taken over my brush. "

 "jordan, who is
         constantly compared to georgia o'keefe,  is a favorite of the celebrity world and her paintings hang in collections
         around the world. a true visionary artist, jordan uses her psychic ability to explore the inner world of the spirit as well
         as the universal energies to bring us visions of great tomorrows."



click on the images below to enter
         the galleries 

traditional - abstracts - impressionist -
         surreal - fantasy - visionary - spiritual - pop - expressionist



















































art mugs for sale



art pillows for sale    

don williams of chanel 4 tv news filmed a live
         interview of jordan in her studio . they also filmed her visual and performing art show at cinecitta to commemorate john lennons
         birthday. john lennon's portrait "strawberry fields" was on show for that entire year. this coverage brought a number
         of psychic imprssionist celebrity portrait commissions. jordan along with her art has been touted on tv, newspapers, magazines,
         and even in the famous cindy adams column as well as many art  publications. 





































































































available on amazon 

jordan along with her psychic portraits were on the joe
         franklin tv show a number of times and jordan presented joe with his own portrait at her grand central gallery opening. jordan's
         portrait of madonna entitled "mad-donna" was published in "madonna in art" in the uk. jordan has painted
         numerous psychic impressionist portraits of celebrities for charity functions, tributes and memorials. 






















jordan writes under the name jordana sands and sings under the name sandy jordan
jordan's
         original paintings retail in the thousands and prints and limited editions (signed/unsigned) under a thousand.to
         purchase art wholesale directly from the artist: studio 212-832-7657






















artists direct email studio: 212 832-7657all art on this site is covered by copyright.

come visit my store on cafepress!
  art
         created by the well known celebrity psychic artist sandra g. jordan. there are a total of 350 paintings available for shows and for sale
         in the current collection.you can select a painting from her collection or comission one to suit your particular needs. 










































