










        
    home

    



































skip to main content











  
                login
            



                register
            

































    101 west love street | troy, al 36081 | ph: 334.566.1850
















search































top navigation menu





home


                                schools
                                


banks school
goshen elementary school
goshen high school
pike county elementary school
pike county high school
troy-pike center for technology
center for advanced academics and accelerated learning


about


                                departments
                                


superintendent
system administration
federal programs/instructional
instructional support
prevention and support
child nutrition
academic academy information
technology
school operations
health services
finance & human resources


job opportunities


                                board
                                


board members
board meetings


notifyme
pike county schools education foundation













































































































































































































































































































































































































































previous



next















welcome to pike county schoolsthe mission of pike county schools is to provide excellence in education, producing graduates ready for college, careers, and life-long success. with an unwavering commitment to stem education, the pike county board of education ensures that students are equipped with the critical skills and knowledge needed to excel in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics; thereby empowering them for success in our ever-evolving world. the school district's guiding principles are 1) maintain high expectations and performance standards for all students and adults, 2) ensure academic accountability, fiscal responsibility, and clear communication, 3) initiate and sustain effective collaboration with families, community agencies, and business industry partners, 4) engage in research to provide innovative instruction, proficient technology use, and expanded student opportunities, and 5) deliver friendly and courteous service in safe, clean, well-maintained schools. the school system as well as each school maintains cognia accreditation and stem certification. student performance on standardized assessments is competitive with surrounding systems in southeast alabama. we encourage you to utilize the data provided at the alabama state department of education website to review this information.dr. mark bazzell, superintendent












academy applications are being accepted from february 1 - 21st.academy application

























download our app 







skip facebook content


























































links 












































































teacher leadership academy




accountability reports




quick links




policy manual




anonymous alert






















        district news
    








                        live stream of pike county board of education meeting - february 24, 2025
                    





wed jan 29 01:31 pm










                        press release - powerschool data breach
                    





fri jan 24 10:50 am










                        2025 - 2026 academic calendar
                    





tue jan 14 09:18 am










                        pre-k pre-registration
                    





tue jan 14 09:02 am










                        sarha mobile health center
                    





mon jan 13 11:10 am







            view all
        












        school news
    








                        african american history month program - goshen high school
                    





wed feb 05 01:37 pm










                        2025 - 2026 academic calendar
                    





tue jan 14 09:18 am










                        pre-k pre-registration
                    





tue jan 14 09:02 am










                        sarha mobile health center
                    





mon jan 13 11:10 am










                        gateway weapon detectors for events
                    





wed aug 21 09:10 am







            view all
        












calendar links












                                    pike county schools
                                








 export
                










month


week


day


list





[date]






































































































pike county schools is committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of technology or ability. this website endeavors to comply with the best practices and standards defined by section 508 of the u.s. rehabilitation act. if you would like additional assistance or have accessibility concerns, please contact stephanie snyder at 334-566-1850. we are always striving to improve the accessibility standards of our website. it is the official policy of the pike county board of education that no person shall be denied employment, reemployment, or advancement in any program or activity on the basis of sex, age, marital status, race, religion, belief, national origin, ethnic group, or disability.





































































copyright © 2025 pike county schools


 
















