

introduction to logic







 

 





 
 






this web site provides, through a range of materials 
        and tools, an introduction to the study of elementary logic covering propositional 
        and predicate calculus. it  is hoped that the site may be 
        useful more widely, for anyone who would like to investigate the subject. the material here is intended to be used in conjunction with wilfrid hodges' logic. this text was used for the introduction to logic course until 2008, when hodges' text was replaced with the logic manual
 
        as set text. these webpages are no longer maintained and appear here as an unsupported resource only. 
the materials are structured as a series of eight 
        detailed tutorials, which introduce the main concepts and definitions 
        together with examples and exercises. the tutorials start with the notions 
        of consistency and validity, and proceed to introduce a language and system 
        of proof for propositional logic and for predicate logic. they include 
        a tutorial on designators and a tutorial on relations. the language and 
        system of proof (by means of tableaux, i.e. trees) are those to be found 
        in w. hodges, logic, 2nd edition (penguin, 2001).
within each tutorial topics have been arranged 
        sequentially, care being taken to provide a reasonable amount of information 
        per page so that study can be undertaken step by step. the site is also 
        designed to aid quick navigation so that relevant materials can be quickly 
        reached from various locations. for instance, there is always available 
        in the lefthand frame a link to an a-z index, which lists most of the 
        terms covered in the tutorials, and links each to relevant sections of 
        the text.
a special feature of this site is tableau3, a program 
        to enable students to practise doing tableau (i.e. tree) proofs for propositional 
        and predicate logic. tableau3 is similar in functionality to a much earlier 
        program, tableau2, but is written in java (rather than dos), and so can 
        run on most computer setups, either over the web or on a local machine



 


 









 




  

the logic web project has been directed 
        by hugh rice at the faculty of philosophy.
        this site has been developed by the academic 
        computing development team
initial development and design 
        carried out by martin rhys jones.
tableau3 has been developed by 
        nik roberts.
acknowledgements 
        





