     waupun group dealer in waupun wi - new and used group dealership beaver dam fond du lac ripon mayville wi                                             











homan auto group






call now














925 w main st
waupun, wi 53963
        







finance







map







contact



















homan auto group




      call    directions    

                  new   search inventory   value your trade     custom order   order a vehicle     used   search inventory    vehicles under 20k   homan certified vehicle   value your trade     sell your vehicle   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     finance   payment calculator   get pre-approved     service & parts   our service locations   order parts   our services     about us   our group   careers   meet our staff     our locations                    home   new   search inventory   value your trade     custom order   order a vehicle     used   search inventory    vehicles under 20k   homan certified vehicle   value your trade     sell your vehicle   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     finance   payment calculator   get pre-approved     service & parts   our service locations   order parts   our services     about us   our group   careers   meet our staff     our locations          



    inventory search  371 vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       










 homan chrysler jeep dodge ram of waupun


 homan chevrolet



homan ford



homan chrysler dodge jeep ram of ripon



homan chevrolet gmc of ripon




      search new inventory     search used inventory        










service department
at homan auto group, our highly qualified technicians are here to provide exceptional service in a timely manner. from oil changes to transmission replacements, we are dedicated to maintaining top tier customer service, for both new and pre-owned car buyers! allow our staff to demonstrate our commitment to excellence.
service locations



















vehicles under 20k
not everyone can afford to buy a new car, but that's not necessarily a problem. check out our affordable used vehicles under $20k and find the right one for you. shop for a used car with confidence.
search under 20k











     

 group dealership serving waupun and ripon, wi
welcome to homan auto group
at homan’s our goal is to always give our customers super low prices, award winning service, a great selection, and a relaxed buying atmosphere. we are one of the leaders in the state for sales performance and have received chrysler and gm’s top dealership sales and service awards.
we want to “make you feel at home – at homan’s”. we want you to enjoy your experiences with our dealership and make you feel comfortable in your dealings with us. no games, no high pressure tactics, - very simply – we want to treat our customers the way that we would like to be treated.
we are a family owned, locally owned dealership group that has been in business for over 40 years and look forward to serving our customers for many more years to come.
more about us


     



follow us on social media


        


                            


group dealership in waupun, and ripon, wi 

               welcome to homan auto sales! we are the premier family of auto dealerships in the madison, wisconsin, region. we have dealerships in waupun and ripon. we serve the areas of beaver dam, fond du lac, mayville, lomira, juneau, and other local communities. with dealerships specializing in chrysler, dodge, jeep, ram, chevy, gmc, and ford vehicles, we're confident we can get you behind the wheel of your next dream car.            




about homan auto sales

homan auto sales has delivered outstanding vehicles with top-notch customer service as a family-owned business since 1974, a very long legacy of service to our local communities. we have grown from a small used car lot to the region's premier family of dealerships. we have gotten where we are by having a laser focus on one aspect of our business, and that's customer satisfaction. without you, our loyal customers, we don't enjoy the success we have.


that's why we treat everyone who comes through our doors as a member of our own family. from a smile and a warm handshake to our no-hassle, zero-stress approach to sales, you're certain to find both the vehicle and car buying experience you want. stop into homan auto sales today and experience our honest and transparent sales process.



unparalleled selection

               at our dealerships, you're sure to find the exact vehicle you want in our unparalleled selection of hundreds of new and pre-owned vehicles. whether you're looking for a pickup truck like a chevrolet silverado, gmc sierra, ford f-150, or ram 1500, a chrysler pacifica minivan, an suv like a chevy equinox, jeep grand cherokee, gmc terrain, or ford escape, or any other kind of car or truck, you'll find it here.            

if we don't have the exact combination of body style, color, trim level, and features you want, we can get it in from the factory in no time at all. you're also free to take all the time you need to explore our inventory and test drive the vehicles that interest you so you can find the perfect companion for your travels along the roads of life. our goal isn't to sell you a vehicle — it's to help you find the perfect vehicle for your needs.



outstanding ongoing service

not only will we get you a great vehicle with unbelievable interest rates and payment plans, your partnership with us only begins the day you drive your vehicle home. we're here to make sure that your vehicle keeps running in tiptop condition all the years you own it. in fact, one of our specialties is that we offer a lifetime powertrain warranty on most new and used vehicles. that means you're covered for the entire time you own your car.


when you do need repairs, our service crew will take care of the problem with speed, efficiency, and a focus on details. they work from a state-of-the-art repair bay and use genuine, factory oem parts to ensure that your car leaves the shop running like it did on day one. if you're ready for a car buying experience like no other, we're ready to help.




                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | homan auto group | 925 w main st, waupun, wi 53963             




















      