







whitney laboratory for marine science | university of florida
























skip to main content

whitney laboratory for marine science
school logo link








menu
 




university of florida









resources


contact
events
employment
internal lab
volunteer





info for










  university of florida 

menu






about


about
location
history
mission
housing


facility rental
live & work
idea
employment
contact





news & events


signup for newsletter
news
events
media


tours
evenings at whitney public lectures
whitney magnified - art of science 2024
50th anniversary
whitney past events





people


current research faculty
administrative & support staff
sea turtle hospital staff


postdoctoral associates
boards & committees
emeritus & retired faculty





conservation & sea turtle hospital


about the sea turtle hospital
sea turtle hospital tours
sponsor a turtle
sea turtle hospital news
sea turtle hospital internship
sea turtle tracking
sea turtle links & facts
washback sea turtles


indian river lagoon clam restoration initiative
fish restocking and conservation initiative
oyster restoration initiative
matbio: matanzas biodiversity initiative





academics


graduate programs
center for biological imaging & discovery
undergraduate & reu program


journal club / data club (jc / dc)
research seminar series
excellence in scientific communication award
icoast





education


our commitment to education & conservation
k-12 school programs
online education


summer camps 2025
matanzas biodiversity journey
discovery walk





support


give to the whitney laboratory
new marine research institute building


sponsor a turtle
volunteer information

























st. augustine, florida


whitney laboratory for marine bioscience


a full-time uf research center for biomedical research and biotechnology located in st. augustine, florida. researchers at the lab are on the front lines of a variety of scientific areas.
learn more







whitney laboratory news









bailey-niblett family endowment helps fund trip to society of integrative and comparative biology (sicb) conference 
friday, february 14, 2025











sea turtle hospital patient adrift released
wednesday, february 12, 2025











research in the news: devil ray feeding inspires innovative filtration technologies
monday, february 10, 2025











travel awards help fund trip to society of integrative and comparative biology (sicb) conference 
friday, february 7, 2025







more news






























in the news: devil ray feeding inspires innovative filtration technologies
research on the physics of filter-feeding in devil rays paves the way for the development of high-performance bioinspired filters, which could be used to remove microplastics pollution or improve wastewater treatment.

oceanographic magazine article





























welcome new whitney lab director dr. veronica hinman!
please join us in welcoming whitney laboratory director and professor of biology dr. veronica hinman! her research focuses on grns and the evolution of development and regeneration, mainly focused on cis-regulatory mechanisms and comparative functional genomics using echinoderms (sea stars, sea urchins).

hinman lab





























sponsor the care of our winter turtles!
this time of year can be particularly challenging for our flippered friends. cold air temperatures and offshore winds often push weakened sea turtles ashore.

sponsor





























new research building and sea turtle hospital 
uf whitney lab begins constructions of new research building and sea turtle hospital with state and local support - the new building and sea turtle hospital overlooking the matanzas estuary will more than double current research. slated for completion in summer 2025.

palm coast observer article









upcoming events




view all events
sea turtle hospital tours













advanced research
internationally renowned faculty specialize in using marine animals to address fundamental questions in science and apply that knowledge to problems of human health, natural resources and the environment. researchers at the lab are on the front lines of research in biodiversity, ocean health, marine chemistry, neuroscience, sensory biology, evolutionary genomics, embryology, and cell regeneration.
learn more












sea turtle hospital
the sea turtle hospital at whitney laboratory is helping to conserve threatened northeast florida sea turtles by providing rehabilitation, research and education. scientists and researchers are furthering the understanding of fibropapillomatosis (fp), a global disease epizootic (animal epidemic) that is hampering sea turtle conservation.
learn more













lifelong learning 
whitney laboratory provides lifelong learning opportunities to serve as an integral part of the surrounding community. science education efforts at the lab are focused on school age children to university levels to post doctoral research training. 
learn more










  













new building
dpr construction and the sea turtle hospital at uf whitney laboratory celebrate world sea turtle day
  













imaging
center for biological imaging & discovery - a powerful new vision at whitney laboratory
  













edna research
sea turtle conservation gets boosts from new dna detection method
 
 












 









department logo





facebook icon



twitter icon



instagram icon



youtube icon





contact
university of floridawhitney laboratory for marine bioscience
9505 ocean shore blvd.
st. augustine, fl 32080

wlmb@whitney.ufl.edu
904-461-4000


resources
contact
events
employment
internal lab
volunteer
media


whitney laboratory
about
news
faculty
give to the whitney laboratory


learn more
graduate programs
k-12 school programs
sea turtle hospital






© 2025
                                  university of florida


accessibility


privacy statement


acceptable use policy


text only
















