




a bible devotion











a bible devotion






      saturday, february 15, 2025
    
don't be afraid to die







john 11:25 nkj
25 jesus said to her, "i am the resurrection and the life. he
who believes in me, though he may die, he shall live.
the sting of death has been removed for the christian believer
by jesus our lord.
1 corinthians 15:55 nlt
55 o death, where is your victory? o death, where is your
sting?"
i am not afraid to die. there is no reason for any follower of
jesus to fear death.
revelation 12:11b nlt
11 and they did not love their lives so much that they were
afraid to die.
i'm in no rush to die, for it's best to live a full life on
earth and finish our race here. but after we finish on earth,
death for a christian believer is a promotion.
there are many people who claim to have visited heaven and came
back. i have never heard one indicate they wanted to leave and
return to earth. they all say it is wonderful there beyond
words.
what else could we expect from our wonderful lord jesus!
1 thessalonians 4:13-14 nlt
13 and now, dear brothers and sisters, we want you to know what
will happen to the believers who have died so you will not
grieve like people who have no hope.
14 for since we believe that jesus died and was raised to life
again, we also believe that when jesus returns, god will bring
back with him the believers who have died.
when a christian dies, they leave their body and go to be with
jesus (who loved us enough to die for us). why should we be
afraid of that?
2 corinthians 5:8 nkj 
8 we are confident, yes, well pleased rather to be absent from 
the body and to be present with the lord.
philippians 1:21-23 nkj
21 for to me, to live is christ, and to die is gain.
22 but if i live on in the flesh, this will mean fruit from my
labor; yet what i shall choose i cannot tell.
23 for i am hard pressed between the two, having a desire to
depart and be with christ, which is far better.
say this: i am not afraid to die and go to be with jesus.








    enter your email address to receive the message each day by email:
  










email address


subscribe



 












    your email address will never be shared with anyone else.
    easily unsubscribe with one click any time you wish.
  

 

  to hear audio teachings by the author of this devotional, click here.

 

  previous messages:
  1 day ago -
  2 days back -
  3 days back 
4 days back -
  5 days back -
  6 days back -
  7 days back


frequently asked questions


get this by rss feed.


bible reading plans


message archive


give an offering.






  email: web@adevotion.org | www.adevotion.org



