












plymouth guitar lessons























tel. 0778 750 2172















home
                  (current)



about


lesson info


contact













jon boyes
plymouth guitar lessons
one to one acoustic and electric guitar lessons in plymouth from an experienced teacher, whether you want to play using a plectrum (pick) or fingerstyle. 
			  tuition covers technique, theory and skill development strategies to help you make rapid progress towards your goals.
if you have any questions please get in touch.
message jon

































about me plymouth guitar teacher
if you are looking for private guitar lessons in the plymouth area that will be both fun and inspiring, you've come to the right place. 
								  whether you want to be the next taylor swift/ed sheeran, play guitar as part of a gigging band, or simply want to improve for your own satisfaction and enjoyment, i can help you achieve your goals.
for most of my life i have been a professional teacher/trainer and it's this expertise that i can draw upon, together with many years as a working musician, to help you make faster progress than you would by yourself.
message jon

















30+ years teaching
a qualified adult teacher/trainer, i have been teaching all age groups and abilities for more than thirty years, including ten years at the university of exeter.  i also have experience working with children and am dbs certified.







20+ years performing
i have extensive experience as a performing musician from fronting rock bands and playing at student fresher gigs through to solo and duo guitar performances at concerts, music festivals and private functions. 







40+ years playing
i picked up the guitar in my early teens and whilst my early years were spent playing rock, later i became more interested in acoustic/classical styles and 
				played spanish guitar professionally for 20 years. i have a grade 8 in classical guitar.












get started with your guitar lessons
i teach acoustic and electric guitar, pick and fingerstyle based, covering many genres including pop, rock, metal, blues, grunge, indie, alternative...as well as classical guitar, travis picking, modern fingerstyle and more... want to work towards grades? no problem, i can teach the trinity and rockschool syllabuses.
my guitar lessons are designed to meet your needs. everyone is different and i don't usually follow a specific book/syllabus unless you are working towards an exam grade.
it's my belief that lessons should be fun, and highly motivating. it's my job to inspire you to pick up the guitar as often as possible and, with the right guidance, become the player you want to be.
message jon






£30
one hour




£20
45 mins




£15
30 mins




 in person
or online


lessons take place in my home studio in the plymstock area of plymouth.  i also offer online tuition which is ideal if you are not local, get nervous playing guitar in front of others or simply prefer your own space.














areas served all plymouth districts
i provide guitar lessons to the plymouth, devon uk area, including the city centre (the hoe, barbican, devonport, stoke village) as well as neighbourhoods in pl2 districts
(beacon park, ford, keyham, north prospect, pennycross, and home park) and the pl3 areas (efford, hartley, laira, mannamead, milehouse, peverell, and higher compton).
i also teach guitar to students in the plympton area and pl4 areas (lipson, mount gould, mutley, greenbank, prince rock, st. judes) and pl5 (crownhill, ernesettle, honicknowle, whitleigh, st. budeaux, tamerton foliot)
and neighbourhoods such as derriford, eggbuckland, estover, leigham, roborough, southway, woolwell and bickleigh in pl6.

i am based in pl9 so students from the plymstock area; including mount batten, hooe and elburton as well as wembury and heybrook bay; only have a short distance to travel.




how to find me

 if you are unable to travel to me, i can come to you or teach you online via zoom. message me for further information
















find out more
get in touch to check availability, ask questions, or just say hi.




























send message















contact details

14 the green
hooe
plymouth
pl9 9pj
tel. 0778 750 2172








useful links


mark barnwell - spanish guitarist
a great choice for weddings and events in the south west

sound unlimitedplymouth's guitar shop - the place to go to for guitars, accessories, set ups etc.



additional pages

privacy policy
cookie policy













copyright © 2025 plymouth guitar lessons, jon boyes. all rights reserved.














