


easy traveling
























    
	easy traveling
	
  








friday, april 11, 2008



	 

	 travelling in a car with kids
	 
    


travelling with kids to any destination by any mode oftransportation is not an easy feat, but with preparation, asense of humour, and plenty of bribe material, it can be done. adriving holiday is as ideal a choice as any when you havechildren to entertain. they have easy access to all their stuff,you can have as many loos stops as you please, and you canchoose when and where to travel. every parent is looking for optimum flexibility, which isguaranteed with a hire car. you can travel in safety and instyle, with pick up and drop off points in central andconvenient locations. the goal is to spend time together, travelto amazing places and have fun at the same time, which ispossible even with a lot of kids.there are a number of points that will help you maximize yourfamily driving holiday: 1) firstly, keep it simple. factor in enough time each day toensure that children have ample rest and relaxation. if youritinerary is so jam packed with trips here there and everywhereyou won't enjoy yourselves. there will be plenty of great photosbut you will all be exhausted and cranky. it's better not tovisit as many attractions and save some time for relaxation andchilling out with the kids. children do not have as muchpatience as most adults, and trudging from one place to anotherevery hour of the day can stretch the family to breaking point. 2) pack well. if you are prepared, you will enjoy yourself moreon your holiday. plan, write lists, stock up and always pack anextra amount of clothes and food supplies in case ofemergencies. its great to travel light, but another bag does nottake up a lot of room, and that spare tracksuit or muesli barmay come in handy. all children get the munchies, so a few extra treats for thoselong drives will instantly help the trip become more enjoyable.don't pack them in the middle of your largest suitcase furthestaway from you, rather have them easily accessible at the front.your handy bag should always include sunscreen, hats, insectrepellent, small first aid kit, bottle of water and a washcloth.and of course the treats. don't forget the favourite travel games, perfect for childrenwho are bored and have had enough of endless scenery. the oldfashioned notepaper and pencils will always come in handy, andfor teenagers you may have to give in and allow some extratechnology. another great idea is for the older kids to havetheir own camera and travel diary to record their own holidaymoments. your children may never fight for their space in the back seat,but for most of us who endure this generational curse, somesimple masking tape will ensure that boundaries have been set inplace. simply stick in a straight line to mark out each child's'territory' and they should keep their fingers and toes tothemselves. 3) remember who's in charge. this point seems obvious enough,but it's amazing how the rules can bend when one small child isscreaming loudly in the back seat sending another into a smallfrenzy resulting in instant travelling chaos. the solution wouldseem to be to pull over (again) and sort the kids out, but ifyou are only half and hour from your destination, you have triedeverything and their needs have been met, sometimes it is betterto just keep pressing on and put up with the high noise levels.the good news is that it will soon be over. you will also be requested time and again (from the back seat)to stop at a lookout or pull over at another service station.it's ok to stop for a stretch and a run, but if you stop everytime they get bored you will never get to where you are going.they will have a great holiday, but you will be frustrated andbehind schedule. the simplest rule is, stick to your schedulewith adequate stops, and remember that you don't have to seeeverything that everyone in the family wants to see. your kidswill soon realise that it's as much your holiday as it isthere's, and will sit back to enjoy the rest of the trip. the aim of a family holiday is to create lasting memories andrelax at the same time. to do this well you need to plan asimple itinerary that includes all the main attractions andplaces you want to see, pack carefully and stay in control. youwill find with some strategic planning that your holiday will beall you could imagine. you will have time to enjoy adventurestogether in plenty of fantastic places, and have such a greattime you will be soon be planning to do it all again next year. about the author:jenny brewer is a travel agent whose passion is writing. afterspending her leisure time writing time writing childrensstories, she now enjoys writing about travel destinations. formore of her articles visit href="http://www.discovery-carhire.com.au">car hireaustralia



posted by amigo at 7:32 am
       |
         9 comments






friday, april 04, 2008



	 

	 tips for traveling abroad
	 
    


traveling abroad can be extremely exciting, especially if youhave never been to a foreign country. there are so many thingsto see and experience, so many different cultures and so manythings to learn. it is also important to consider the inherentdangers as well. being aware of these can make you trip saferand more pleasurable.1)the first suggestion i can offer when going to another countryis to consider travel insurance. travel insurance is good forseveral reasons, it protects you from flight cancellations, lostluggage and also any unexpected medical cost that could arise.2)another thought is to copy all of your documents likepassports, id's, boarding passes, credit cards, travel vouchers,and medical prescriptions. this is just in case the event arisesthat anything is stolen or goes missing you can still prove whoyou are which is a huge potential burden off of your shoulders. 3)when it comes time for you to begin your journey, it's best toarrive early. this way you can check in your bags and have timeto get through all of the added security. have passports,boarding passes and anything else you need to get throughsecurity readily available this way you don't have to fumblethrough your bag every time you're asked.4)when you arrive in a foreign country awareness is the key. tokeep your property safe, keep it close at all times. try to takethings with you that you are bit going to need. also make sureto avoid scams that locals like to play on travelers. finally,stay in public places, avoid wondering off down the dark alleyways in the middle of the night.5)lastly it's a good idea to know the currency exchange rate. agood website to check is www.xe.com/ucc/. go to a bankpreferably because they offer the most current rate. finally youmay want to consider travelers checks, you can purchase themfrom your local back.the key point is, when you travel internationally you want yourtrip to go as safe and hassle free as possible. do a littleresearch, make preparations and don't forget to take some greatpictures.for more informations visithttp://slapyourtravelagent.blogspot.com/ orwww.slapyourtravelagent.comabout the author:kyle combs is an independent certified travel professionalspecializing in teaching others how to travel at half price. hehas been exposing the closely guarded secrets of the travelindustry for a number of years. you can find out the hiddensecrets of the travel industry and save thousands atwww.slapyourtravelagent.com



posted by amigo at 6:38 am
       |
         4 comments






friday, march 28, 2008



	 

	 some tips for good travel photography
	 
    


photography and travel photography in particular have been apassion of mine for a long time and now i would like to sharesome of the most important stuff i've learned over the yearswith our dear readers. i started with a nikon em slr making mostly slides and upgradedto digital in 2002. the slr had served me very well but irealized i could cut the cost of photography to almost nothingwith digital technology. making dozens of shots of the samesubject means you're bound to have a good one eventually! only acouple of years later i discovered the benefits of image editingsoftware like photoshop. enough history, let's move on to my tips. in this article iassume you have some experience with (digital) photographyalready and i concentrate on the specifics of "shooting on theroad".first, choose the right equipment. i like a semi-pro camera witha fixed lens and long zoom. the panasonic lumix series forexample has exceptional value for money. best travel photoshappen fast. most of the time you don't have time to changelenses. fixed lens also means you have fewer problems with dust.i always keep my camera on auto-focus and auto-exposure.remember, best photos happen fast. you can lose the actionand/or the right light in seconds. gone forever!also, have a decent quality back-up. i like my second camera tobe quite small. if you get invited to a party usually nobodyobjects to photos taken with a small innocent looking"toy-camera". the same goes for temples, gatherings etc.however, do respect other people's privacy and local customs.a small light-weight tripod is useful for night/sunrise/sunsetphotography. make sure it folds into your day-bag. secondly, learn to use your equipment at home before you travel.know it inside out. practice, practice, practise. when you getthat once-in-a-lifetime shot you don't want to ruin it byfiddling with your camera. also, read a few good books about photography in general andalso on digital shooting techniques. read them again andpractise different techniques. ok, so now you're on the road. you see something captivating.start shooting! shoot a lot, maybe 10-20 shots of the samesubject. vary angles, shoot from distance and go closer, by footor with your zoom. where is the light coming from? what isessential for the shot? how to compose the shot? if you havedone your homework, it helps.photographing people: this is a sensitive issue. basically, youshould always ask first. even pointing at your camera andlooking like a question mark is usually enough and you get apositive nod. if you are told "no", respect it. you'll find lotsof people who actually want you to take their picture. if youtalk with people, maybe show them some of your shots on your lcdthey often get relaxed and trust you. hang around later and youcan shoot all you want. they might even pose for youvoluntarily. photographing landscapes: put your camera on aperture-priorityand experiment with different apertures. do you want a fulldepth of field or bring out details focusing on somethinginteresting and using a wide aperture setting? if you shootearly in the morning or just before sunset you can get a muchlivelier and a more "three dimensional" photo because of theshadows. this is especially important for rural landscapes asfields of any crop look really flat without shadows. some maintenance tips: remember that moisture, salt and dust arereal digital camera killers! if the conditions are difficultkeep your camera in its bag until the last moment. take yourshots, wipe out any visible moisture and dust (carefully!) andput your camera back in its bag. if it starts raining heavily,wrap your camera bag in a plastic bag. when you get back to yourhotel, clean your camera at once. don't give corrosion a chance.take out the battery, memory card and everything else that comesoff. clean everything, preferably with a camera care kit. don'tforget to wipe the lens and filters. fully charge your batteriesand delete unwanted shots to free space on the memory cards. you get home and download the treasure to your hard-drive. nowbegins, at least for me, the most rewarding phase. but wait asecond! calibrate your monitor first. many monitors ship withcalibrating software. if yours didn't, most image-editingsoftware come with something similar. if everything else fails,just use your eyes! do pictures on this or any other site looknatural to you? adjust your monitor's brightness and contrast ifnecessary. make a hard-copy of your photos on cd/dvd and start playing withimage-editing tools. delete really bad shots. copy the best onesto a different folder and edit them to your liking. i like tocrop my photos a lot to bring out what is essential in everyphoto. also adjust colours, shadows etc. print on paper, put onyour website or upload to flickr or some other photo sharingsite for everyone to enjoy and comment on. done! can't wait for the next trip... practice more, read books,seek information over the internet, maybe join a camera club,attend photo exhibitions, even have your own? ask at locallibraries, shopping malls etc if they allow you to post yourpics. this is the equipment i use currently. 1. primary camera:panasonic lumix dmz-fz30 , a real bargain these days with its12x leica lens, 8 mb and excellent usability 2. uv filter toprotect the front lens of the camera 3. polarizing filter forshooting early in the morning and late in the evening 4.manfrotto tripod . these are widely regarded as the best 5.camera bag 6. lots of 2 gb sd memory cards and spare batteries7. plastic bag to protect my camera when it rains 8. cameracleaning kit 9. backup camera: nikon coolpix 3200 10. photoshopfor image editing the following are the best photography books in my opinion. ireally like lee frost's clear no-nonsense writing andstep-by-step approach to showing you things. lee frost's creative photography handbook covers photography ingeneral from basics to advanced issues, giving you lots of soundadvice on composition, using light and other essential stuff.this book is a must if you want to learn from the master. he has several other books published as well. i particularlylike the a-z of creative digital photography which is all aboutdigital shooting techniques as well as lots of very usefulphotoshop hints for polishing your photos. some other tips showyou how to make really weird, yet interesting creations usingphotoshop's filters. i've had many days of fun with this book!thank you for reading!about the author:andy siitonen spends all his spare time travelling to remote andexotic countries and getting to know new people and cultures.travel photography is one of his great passions.website: http://www.farandfurther.com



posted by amigo at 8:56 am
       |
         2 comments






friday, march 21, 2008



	 

	 ship condo: the ultimate in luxury
	 
    


if you love to go on cruises but want more luxury, you shouldbuy a ship condo. a ship condo is similar to a cruise ship,except that you own your suite or room. you can go on vacationat any time you want and visit fantastic destinations. you caneven live onboard year round if you want.these special cruise ships travel all over the world each year.they visit places like the panama canal, new orleans, lisbon,gibraltar, casablanca, paris, st. petersburg, and cape town. theships often time their visits to match up with popular events inport cities, like mardi gras or the cannes film festival.many of the ship condos that sail the world are the ultimate inluxury. they often include things like swimming pools, tenniscourts, driving ranges, health spas, movie theaters, and firstclass dining options. some have world class lectures, classes onvarious topics, revolving art exhibits, and fully stockedlibraries. another popular feature on many ships is the integratedtelecommunications and technology system. this allowsindividuals to surf the web, talk to clients or businessassociates all over the world, and work on board ship if theywant to. some individuals run their businesses from the ship,while they enjoy the sun and sea.when considering whether a ship condo is right for you, youshould keep in mind several different factors. first, cost ofthe units tends to range from several hundred thousand forsmaller, studio units to several million dollars for the largercondos. ownership lasts as long as the ship remains running,usually for a number of decades.in addition, depending on the particular ship, owners may haveto pay yearly fees for the upkeep and maintenance on the ship.the amount differs from ship to ship and depends on the size ofyour condo. other ships may not require any yearly fees at allso it pays to check this out before buying a condo on ship.you also need to think about whether the lifestyle is for you.whether you choose to life onboard or not, buying a condo on aship is expensive and the asset will depreciate over time. so,your ownership isn't so much an investment as it is helping youlive the life that you want to lead. for some people, the thought of being able to live on board acruise ship and sail all over the world excites them. forothers, the cost and living arrangements aren't what they arelooking for. some individuals, who don't want to live full-timeon one of the ships, buy a partial ownership which allows themtime on the ship but they aren't tied to it.a ship condo is great if you love cruises and want to visitexotic destinations all year round. whether you want to retireor work while you are on board is your choice; you can easily doeither. enjoy the ship's amenities while you cruise the world inluxurious style. about the author:frank j vanderlugt owns and operates http://www. ship-condo.com2 shipcondocom



posted by amigo at 7:24 am
       |
         0 comments






saturday, march 15, 2008



	 

	 timeshares: good or bad, you be the judge
	 
    


timeshare is a type of business model where a company buyssomething and sells it to customers for small period of time. itis mostly associated with vacationing or holidaying where youbuy a place and share the cost of maintenance. timeshares aremainly for condominiums or cooperatives at vacationdestinations, now timeshare is also applicable to houseboats,yachts, campgrounds, motor homes and cruises. it has also goneas far as sharing used or high end private jets.it is not necessary that who has opted for time share shouldmake use of it. he can instead rent out their own usage, give itas a gift, and exchange it internally or externally with othertimeshare resorts. timeshare will allow you to own a resort atbelow resort price.benefits of timeshareone can assign the usage time to the point system so that it canbe exchanged for airline tickets, travel packages, hotels,cruises, and amusement park tickets. instead of renting theentire actual usage time one can rent part of the points and userest of the points. rent more points from either the internalexchange entity or another owner to get a larger unit or morevacation time or a better location. you can also save or movepoints from one year to another.different kinds of time sharesfixed week ownership: fixed week ownership is the most basickind of time share. as an owner you own a deed to use aspecified unit for a single specified week in a year.floating: the deed of a floating timeshare will be specific onhow many weeks you own and from which weeks you may select foryour stay.rotating: as the name suggests this timeshare is on rotatingbasis. in this kind all owners get the best chance for the bestweeks, the weeks are rotated forward or backward through thecalendar. this kind of timeshare is not very flexible though.deeded vs. right t use: a deeded contract depicts that the useof the timeshare resort is usually divided into week longincrements. these are also sold as fractional whereas with rightto use, the timeshare purchaser has the right to use theproperty in accordance with the contract. after the contractends and all rights goes back to the property owner.points: the number of points required to stay at the resortvaries based on a points chart and it might include popularity,size, and no. of night's one need to spend in the sharedaccommodation. an owner of the time share is legally tied to thetimeshare and is responsible for it unless it is sold orownership is transferred. some timeshare require their owners toplan their vacation time in advance. it is ideally home awayfrom home. about the author:frank j vanderlugt owns and operateshttp://www.timeshare-now.info href="http://www.timeshare-now.info">2 wwwtimesharenowinfo



posted by amigo at 7:16 am
       |
         0 comments






friday, march 07, 2008



	 

	 how to make your trip to copper canyon mexico easier
	 
    


you've probably heard about the train trip through copper canyonin mexico. the chihuahua pacifico, "el chepe" for short, is theonly passenger train in mexico. it winds its way through thecopper canyon system which is bigger than the grand canyon inthe us. it is increasingly becoming a tourist magnet. on ourtrain ride, there were tourists from the us, france, italy,germany, and mexico. you can fly to el paso and then drive to the city of chihuahua,spend the night there and then board the train early in themorning, like 5:30 a.m. don't worry, you can get a hot breakfaston board. there's a dining car and also a bar. the copper canyontrain runs between ojinaga (north) and los mochis, in the stateof sinaloa, near the sea of cortez, but passenger service beginsin chihuahua city. your copper canyon train trip will take you from sea level tomore than 8,000 feet as the train cuts its way through thesierra madre mountains. reports vary (and we didn't count) butthere are over 75 tunnels, and over 30 bridges. the views arespectacular, covering all types of terrain - farmland, indiandwellings, hills, canyons, rivers, springs, waterfalls - you'llsee it all. you can stand between cars for a better view, freshair, and great photographs. this is truly a photographer's dreamtrip, but great for hikers and outdoor enthusiasts as well. the train always stops at the town of divisadero so passengerscan get out and see the view. as the name would suggest,divisadero is at a dividing point between the atlantic andpacific watershed. you can see down three of the canyons: cobre(copper), urique, and tarahumara. you'll also want to do somesouvenir shopping. the tarahumara indians sell their crafts andthere are also food stands. the copper canyon railroad was begun in the late 19th centurybut because of various problems, not completed until 1961. theentire trip takes around 15 hours. worried about disorder?there's a military guy with a machine gun on board, because iguess there used to be robberies. well not any more!since this is not a sleeper train, you can stay in hotels alongthe way where you may find trail rides, hiking, a van trip downthe canyon, atms, local music, sights (like balancing rock),missions, food and shopping. google "copper canyon" images and take a look at the photos. ifthis whets your appetite, here are some tips to make your tripeasier:1. southwest airlines flies to el paso. that's a no-brainer. wespent the night there, and then our guide drove us across theborder to chihuahua the next day. 2.  be sure you have a valid passport. 3. use my power mall (http://www.excideals.com ). for instance,when i clicked "travel", southwest airlines was right next to aplace that provides quick passports, and you get a rebate onboth. then there were stores for buying the necessary vacationclothes, and then click over to a drugstore where you can getsome imodium. 4. yeah, it's a good idea to take something forturista, just in case. while you're on my power mall you canalso check for tours and accommodations. wyndham is on there,hyatt, marriot. heck, britrail tours is even on there - 1000s of"stores" to choose from, rebates on all of them. 4. you'll alsoneed some special clothes for your trip, available at discountfrom 1000s of merchants through my power mall as well.specifically we recommend:a. a hat or head covering, sunglasses, and good sunscreen. thinkof it like skiing in colorado. high altitude. b. comfortable casual clothes, jeans, shorts, t-shirts are fine.the temperature can vary. bring layers. of course there isair-conditioning on the train. in one hotel, we turned the heaton at night. c. a backpack or something you can put over your shoulder to putall your things in like purse, passport and camera.d. film or batteries for the camera. trust me - you'll takehundreds of photos and never tire. e. shoes for horseback riding, hiking and the atv. f. something for rain. there were sort of tropical showers inthe afternoons and evenings when we were there. g. bathing suit. some of the hotels have hot tubs and pools.check before you go. you may also want to take a dip in some ofthe beautiful rivers. 5. dress clothes optional. our tour included two really nicerestaurants. so if you like to dress up, go ahead. the one weate at in the town of chihuahua, it was sunday afternoon and thefamilies there were dressed. (it was also one of the single bestmeals i've ever had.)6. any special equipment for your laptop, cell phone etc. youcan do some quick comparison shopping and get a good deal here:http://www.1audio-equipment.com . everywhere we stayed hadcomputer connection, but not always a computer. what was nicewas the ones that did have computers and internet let you get onthe internet without charge. they don't do that on a cruise now,do they? 7. check with your cell provider before you go about coverage.there were blackouts for us.8. a guide. he can handle the luggage, the tickets, the lines,the local culture, the language and currency, getting throughcustoms, and they know where the good places and the good waterare. in the towns where we stopped, there was always a place tobuy the things we needed or wanted, like bottled water. hey! ineeded a pony tail holder. they even had that! and at the localversions of stop 'n' go's, we fell in love with cremas.9. get insurance - if you're driving in mexico, and also checkyour health insurance to see if you're covered in mexico. 9. one last thing and you can get this on my power mall too --toilet paper. yeah, you'll see a lot of the locals getting onthe train with a roll of tp. the restrooms were well-stocked(and clean), but it seems to be a tradition. 10. lastly, enrich your experience by learning before you go. onwww.learningtrove.com you can find videos about mexico, and alsointroductory spanish. if you're taking kids with you, this willreally add to their experience. comprende? actually one of thehidden bonuses about this trip is that your kids may see themilky way for the first time in their lives. there's a greateducational video about the milky way onhttp://www.learningtrove.com. - just go there and enter "milkyway." it may be the first time you have seen the milky way inmany years, without realizing it. the stars at night are veryvisible. great learning experience for the kids. i'd heard a lot about the copper canyon train ride. it's one ofthose trips that exceeded my expectations. it helps to bewell-prepared, so i hope these tips help you. about the author:©susan dunn. join mypowermall, http://www.excideals.com/,dedicated to the power of online shopping. absolutely no cost toyou, 1000+ stores,millions of products you need,earn shoppingrebates on every purchase you and your team make. 6.5% of corpprofits go to one-child-at-a-time.opportunity to earn unlimitedpassive income from a fr** online.mailto:rakemet@hotmail.com



posted by amigo at 2:26 am






friday, february 29, 2008



	 

	 how luggage tag important to travelers
	 
    


using luggage tag is one of the best ways that you will getdifference and uniqueness for your luggage. there are someproblems with many people, especially frequent travelers isdifficult to find the way to have personalized travel luggage.this is because luggage tag will help you to find your bageasier, particularly when they are in the airport. moreover,having luggage tag helps in case you lost your luggage but youhave contact details on the tag, so other will find the owner ofthe luggage easily. the benefit of having luggage tag is notonly making your luggage easier to be found but also preventingsomeone else to steal your luggage. apart from the there aresome more benefits of using luggage tags, which can besummarized below a) it is very easy to identify your luggage incase there is a similar design that belong to other person, soyou can find yours easily b) luggage could also prevent someoneto pick up our luggage, especially during the airport transit,which there is a chance during airline check-in process. c)luggage tag could help to reduce chance for your luggage to bestolen, this is because thief prefers to steal luggage that hasno identification so they can claim that they have picked thewrong luggage. the case like this often found with smallsuitcase which people generally do not have tag on their smallsuitcase. d) this is probably the most important one. if you arethe frequent travel person, you will realise that there is agreat chance to lost luggage during when the luggage managed byairport or airline staffs. e) also, if you have suitable luggagetag, in case if your luggage is misdirect to other flight, itwill be quickly found and return to you without worryhowever, it seems that these advantages above only benefit tothe person who travel by air, but in fact it also benefits toyou even you travel in groups by bus, coach or any kind oftransportation as misdirected luggage always happen in allsituation so it is also compulsory to have one. there arevariety of colour and design of luggage to choose from. someproviders have more alternatives for customers such as leatherluggage tags. as we all know that leather is more durable, lookneat and luxurious than any other material so this kind ofluggage is becoming popular today. meanwhile many provides havecategorized their product by the material that luggage made frombut some other function, such as air plane luggage, businessluggage tag, briefcase tag and so on. as mentioned above that luggage tag can be purchasedindividually and in bulk, for people who already got a set ofluggage, you may have to buy them in bulk for all of yourluggage, because it is even more easy to identified for a set ofluggage that has same colour and style of luggage tags. as faras safety is concerned by parents that they always chooseluggage tag that has no sharp edge which will harm to children,so if you have little kids so this is also one factor that youhave to consider.about the author:pisank is the writer of http://www.allluggagetag.com site, if you see this articlehelpful, visit our site to get more information.



posted by amigo at 5:56 am
       |
         8 comments











about me

name:  amigo 

view my complete profile

previous posts

travelling in a car with kids
tips for traveling abroad
some tips for good travel photography
ship condo: the ultimate in luxury
timeshares: good or bad, you be the judge
how to make your trip to copper canyon mexico easier
how luggage tag important to travelers
should you consider retiring abroad?
traveling by ship - choosing the best cruise
family vacations - tips for traveling with your ba...

archives

february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008

travel agencies
easytraveling online travel agency
 







 





