


new thought on-line books for self-help,self-improvement





















   about this site




   bargain books




  new thought authors





  members area





new thought ebooks





 new thought webring








.

cornerstone books









.

http://cornerstonebooks.net

.

a non-profit
site dedicated
to providing free access to some of the very best
inspirational/self-improvement
books ever written. featuring the full texts of over 100 complete books
available to read free online!




the authors
featured on this website have produced some of the most readable and
useful
self-help / self-improvement books ever written. the basic theme of all
the author's teachings are the same, i.e. that by learning to think
constructively
and to utilise the power of the subconscious mind, an individual can
re-build
his/her world, heal relationships with others, and fully realise their
highest dreams and ambitions. the books they have written contain
priceless
distilled wisdom on the art of living - mind, body and soul.
this type of philosophy has
come to
be known as "new thought" or "mental science." the
famous american psychologist, william james, in his classic work the
varieties of religious experience, called
new thought a "religion of healthy-mindedness." whilst new thought
is not a religion as such, there are several religious denominations
within
the new thought movement, and new thought principles are becoming more
and more accepted within mainstream psychology the world over. through
regular appearances on tv and radio programmes, people working in the
self-help
and world-transformation field such as oprah winfrey, gary zukav,
deepak
chopra, marianne williamson and barbara marx hubbard are getting the
message
across to more and more people all the time.
a concise definition of new
thought
is the statement of purpose adopted by one of the earliest recognizably
new thought groups, the metaphysical club of boston, mass., usa,
founded
in 1895: "to promote interest in and the practice of a true philosophy
of life and happiness; to show that through right thinking, one's
loftiest
ideals may be brought into present realization; and to advance
intelligent
and systematic treatment of disease by spiritual and mental methods."


for a full definition of new
thought, click
here 




it is not by
mere chance that you have come across this website, for in this great
and
wonderful universe of god's there is no such thing as chance. it is
instead
the natural outcome of your desires and thought processes that have
brought
you to that place in life where the spiritual hunger and thirst within
you needs satisfying. whilst the traditional religions of this world
serve
a purpose while needed, they are in effect really nothing more than
ladders
leading us upwards on our path to god. mankind is rapidly reaching that
point in its evolution where religions as we know them can be dispensed
with altogether, and they will be replaced with spiritual enlightenment
for the individual. the signs that we are coming to the end of "the
church age" are more evident now than ever before. as the old saying
goes, things have to get worse before they can really get better, and
this
"war of the gods" which we are experiencing now in this
21st century
is the rising to the surface of the silt in life's stream for
purfication.
21 is a very significant
number in both
the development of the individual, and the evolution of the race as a
whole.
21 is considered by a great many people to be " the age of majority,"
or "the coming of age," -- i.e. the age when one becomes an adult.
21 is also the century when the race as a whole is to rise to its
spiritual
maturity -- its mental and spiritual coming of age. it is the dawning
of
a new age of enlightenment where mankind is to become consciously aware
of its essential oneness. the old concept of a deity looking down on us
from a far off place called heaven is to pass away forever and be
replaced
with the sublime realization that the creative intelligence that we
call
god actually dwells within each and every one of us, as it is written
in
the 21st revelation of the bible: "now the dwelling of god is with
men, and he will live with them. they will be his people, and god
himself
will be with them and be their god. he will wipe every tear from their
eyes. there will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain, for
the
old order of things has passed away. "
it has been said by many that
religions
are the cause of more of the conflicts in this world than virtually
anything
else known to man and that the world would be a far better place
without
them and we would not disagree with this. it has also often been said
that
religion is the main cause of mankind's problems, but this we would
take
exception to for we contend that ignorance and selfishness are the root
cause of man's difficulties. it is not more or better religions that
mankind
needs most, but spiritual understanding and enlightenment to the great
facts of the universe. it is through human pain and suffering that we
as
a race have evolved to the point we are now at, and this is the way it
must be, for it is only through learning from our past mistakes that we
can hope to advance and improve as a race at all. 
the world as we know it is the
outward
manifestation of the collective beliefs of all mankind. collectively
the
human race has created the reality we live in and individually within
that
reality we create our own realities. the time is coming and is now here
when each of us must awake from our spiritual slumber and create a new
reality, a new world permeated with justice and equality, with freedom
and brotherly love.
with all the problems we are
facing
in the world today this may seem like a very tall order. happily help
is
at hand, however, and all those who are interested in the deeper issues
of life and who are willing to invest some time and effort in learning
and putting into practice the principles outlined by the many inspired
writers featured on this website will be deeply rewarded, and will
realize
that one by one, one person at a time, we really can change the world
into
a better place.




may your search for ultimate
truth be a joyful one!





 




(
if your web-browser does not support frames, click
here )


 







(ephesians 2:19-22)
so then you are no longer strangers and aliens, but you are citizens
with
the saints and also members of the household of god, built upon the
foundation
of the apostles and prophets, with christ jesus himself as the cornerstone.
in him the whole structure is joined together and grows into a holy
temple in the lord; in whom you also are built together
spiritually
into a dwelling place for god. 
(the 21st
[century] revelation 1-7) then i saw a new heaven and a
new
earth, for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away, and
there
was no longer any divide. i saw the holy city, the new jerusalem,
coming
down out of heaven from god, prepared as a bride beautifully dressed
for
her husband. and i heard a loud voice from the throne saying, "now
the dwelling of god is with men, and he will live with them.
they
will be his people, and god himself will be with them and be their god.
he will wipe every tear from their eyes. there will be no more
death
or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has
passed
away." he who was seated on the throne said, "i
am making everything new!" then he said, "write
this down, for these words are trustworthy and true." he said to me:
"it is done. i am the alpha and the omega, the beginning
and the end. to him who is thirsty i will give to drink without cost
from
the spring of the water of life. he who overcomes will inherit all
this,
and i will be his god and he will be my son."
(the 2nd genesis 1-3)
thus the heavens and the earth were completed in all their vast
array.
by the seventh day god had finished the work he had been doing; so on
the
seventh day he ceased from all his work. and god blessed the seventh
day
and made it holy, because on it he rested from all the work of creating
that he had done. 












let
they that readeth understand 












 







 



   special
offer!

 x 


 
old
books discovered
that unlock the secrets of true

attainment,
personal empowerment and success..



less than $1 each!!!

click here to
find out more
(a new window
will open)
 

















