






old field, ny | an incorporated village on long island’s north shore


















































631-941-9412








631-941-9440








po box 2724, setauket, ny 11733

















home
about old field

mayor’s desk
old field history
neighborhood associations
points of interest
preserving & restoring the lighthouse
village statistics


resident services

trash & recycle
utilities
code enforcement
building & planning
environmental stewardship
other governments
forms & applications


government

village officials
boards & committees
justice court
village meetings
board meeting minutes


news
contact us












 
















 













an incorporated village on long island’s north shore







prohibition of outside work by contractors orprofessional landscapers on saturdays and sundaysfrom memorial day to labor day
click for more information






about old field










the village of old field, located midpoint on long island, was incorporated in 1927 and remains today one of the premier residential neighborhoods within striking distance of new york city, stony brook university, and the hamptons and east end.





from mayor’s desk



welcome to old field



village news



our history



preserving lighthouse






resident services
your resource for living in old field.









trash & recycle
info on recycling and hauling








utilities
local utilities provider’s contacts








public safety
code enforcement & form resources










buildings & the site plans
know before you clear or build








neighborhood associations
know different street associations








environmental stewardship
stormwater management resources








government










the village of old field is governed by an elected mayor and board whose duties are to ensure the safety of the residents, protect the natural beauty and resources of the village, and provide fiduciary oversight. in this endeavor, we are well served by dedicated employees and more than 20 residents, who altruistically volunteer to participate on the boards and committees that make up the fabric needed to keep our village safe, informed, and responsive.





elected & appointed officials



boards & committees



village justice court



village code



village meetings






points of interest









old field point & lighthouse
old field point sits at the northern end of old field road and offers breathtaking views of long island sound and connecticut. residents are invited to explore the grounds although care should be taken when approaching the bluffs.
read more








whitehall beach
the village of old field maintains a right of way from old field road (south of the lighthouse) to old field beach (known as whitehall beach). residents are invited to park on the lighthouse grounds and walk south on old field road to the right of way.
read more








flax pond
flax pond is a tidal estuary which lies behind a barrier beach at the center of old field village, setauket, ny. one hundred and thirty-five acres of salt marsh, it is a place of great biodiversity and natural beauty.
read more










kaltenborn commons
kaltenborn commons is a small park located at the entrance to the village of old field at the intersection of quaker path and old field road.
read more








the fire ring
the original fire ring, designed to raise the alarm when fires broke out in the village of old field, can be viewed on old field road near the intersection with mount grey road.
read more








the waterways
the village of old field is surrounded by bodies of water that offer swimming, boating, and fishing opportunities. the main bodies of water are conscience bay, the narrows, the port jefferson harbor, smithtown bay, and the long island sound.
read more









weather now












			old field, ny		



6:26 am,  














22°f 




		overcast clouds	






humidity 


					77 %				





pressure 


					1030 mb				





wind 


					0 mph				






wind gust:


				0 mph			







visibility:

10 km




sunrise:

6:51 am



sunset:

5:21 pm










						weather from openweathermap				










village news



prohibition of outside work by contractors or professional landscapers



state of the village



inc. village of old field, stormwater annual report



village of old field – general election notice



new reports and announcements concerning saving the lighthouse available – please click to view



recycling schedule from bianculli sanitation, inc.






recycling calendar



december 2024january 2025february 2025march 2025april 2025may 2025june 2025july 2025august 2025september 2025october 2025november 2025december 2025january 2026
             




 















reach out to us
village of old field, nypo box 2724 setauket, ny 11733631-941-9412www.oldfieldny.org





timings
village hall hoursmonday, tuesday & thursday9:00am – 3:00pm








© 2024 incorporated village of old field



 






























