


ellery harrington - frontend software engineer - resume













ellery harrington
software engineer



download pdf
ellery@harrington.name
508.925.0660
p.o. box 612shrewsbury ma 01545









profile



								15 years experience, specializing in java and web development.
							







web
from concept through completion.


applications
focused on intuitiveui & ux, and modular architecture.


databases
best-practice design of efficient schemas to deployment and administration.





technical



typescript & javascript
react
html5
css


java
objective c (ios)
python
c & c++


sql (mysql, postgresql)
nosql (cassandra, dynamodb)





skills



technical lead for development teams of 15+ engineers, including 3 years of people management.
focused on scalable frontend development, with performant java and typescript.
experience with deploying to aws.
ability to adapt quickly to new programming languages and environments.
database design and administration for various platforms including mysql and cassandra.
system administration and technical support for linux, windows, and macos platforms.
ability to teach and assist others with their computer skills and programming languages.





education


worcester polytechnic institute worcester ma
2009   m.s., computer science
2007   b.s., computer science




experience



google cambridge ma
staff software engineer
2014 - present
technical lead for image search frontend, leading development on an assortment of user-facing features and infrastructure at scale.


kenzan media providence ri
developer
2012 - 2014
website development for various media companies. drupal cms, back-end java web applications, and angular front-end. team leader for cms and member web application.


independent software consultant shrewsbury ma
2002 - 2014
work included collaborative ventures and hourly consulting.  development and support of existing websites, web applications, and software.  responsible for management, programming, design, database design and administration, computer/network security, linux system administration, technical support, and customer service.


show earlier work



center for holographic studies & laser micro-mechatronics,worcester poly. inst. worcester ma
research assistant; consultant; nih fellow; harvard medical school fellow
2007 - 2012
developed software for laser interferometry platform for harvard university and massachusetts eye and ear infirmary to control hardware and process live video.  assisted in hardware preparation and experimentation.


nasa johnson space center houston tx
software and automation specialist
2007
developed apparatus and software for experimentation in microgravity on the c-9 "weightless wonder" aircraft.


central transportation planning staff boston ma
data resources and web programming intern
summers 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005
redesigned and restructured the agency's intranet website. developed web-based tools for managing personal data, accounting data, and location
	services. provided technical support and assistance for employees.  modified gis tools and interface to improve user experience. 








ellery harrington — ellery@harrington.name — 508.925.0660 — p.o. box 612, shrewsbury ma 01545






