






burke costanza & carberry llp - northwest indiana lawyers






























































 


































(219) 769-1313






firm@bcclegal.com






pay










services

alternative dispute resolution
business services
civil litigation
estates & trusts
commercial services
employer services
immigration services
personal services
receivership services


lawyers
firm

about bcc
join bcc
law student program


news & articles
contact































search for:












 
















advisors you want. advocates you need.
lawyers for northwest indiana







what you need. what we do.






businesslitigationemploymentestates & trustscollectionsimmigrationmediationpersonalreceiverships



business lawyers
burke costanza & carberry llp provides legal services to businesses of various sizes and industries. bcc offers advice and counseling on issues such as business and commercial law, business acquisitions and mergers, contracts and agreements, employment law, healthcare, real estate, taxation, and more. the firm has a team of experienced attorneys who can help clients with their business needs and expectations.
business law

litigation lawyers
burke costanza & carberry llp assists clients in various litigation areas, including business litigation, construction litigation, personal injury, real estate litigation, and worker’s compensation.
with offices in merrillville and valparaiso, indiana, our experienced team provides cost-effective and timely legal services to clients throughout northern indiana.
civil litigation

employment lawyers
burke costanza & carberry llp provides many employment law services to businesses. bcc helps employers comply with federal, state, and local regulations and avoid litigation and liability.
bcc offers a variety of services, such as employment agreements, handbook compliance, internal investigations, severance agreements, and more. bcc also has experience in employment litigation and government audit and investigation defense.
employment law

estate & trust planning and administration lawyers
burke costanza & carberry llp provides all estate planning, trust planning, and trust administration services. bcc assists clients in instituting estate planning to reduce the ultimate tax liability of their estates, implement our clients’ intentions in the distribution of their assets, and maximize the value and growth of their assets during their lifetimes.
estate planning is an ongoing process that organizes your affairs in preparation for the end of your life.
estates, wills & trusts

collections lawyers
burke costanza & carberry’s commercial services practice group offers legal services in collections. we comply with all relevant laws and guidelines and use innovative strategies to protect our clients’ rights. we have experience in federal and state courts and can handle any type of commercial litigation. we provide personal attention, responsive service, and reasonable fees to our clients.
commercial services

immigration lawyers
the immigration law center at bcc is a full-service immigration law practice. the immigration services include citizenship & naturalization, deportation / removal defense, employment immigration, family immigration.
meetings can take place in merrillville, in and in hyde park, chicago, il.
immigration law

alternative dispute resolution
burke costanza & carberry llp is offers mediation and arbitration services for various types of disputes, such as civil litigation, domestic relations, business transactions, and more. mediation and arbitration are alternative dispute resolution (adr) methods that can help parties resolve their conflicts without going to court. adr is encouraged by the indiana supreme court and can be ordered by the trial courts or agreed upon by the parties.
mediation & arbitration

personal lawyers
burke costanza & carberry llp provides many legal services to individuals. some of those services include elder law / medicaid planning, estate planning, adult guardianships, family law, immigration, probate administration, real estate, taxation & veterans’ disability.
with offices in both merrillville and valparaiso, bcc has several lawyers who concentrate their practice on personal legal services.
lawyers for individuals

lawyers for receiverships
protecting & managing assets with experienced receivership solutions
our receivership team provides court-appointed receivership services to assist businesses, creditors, and stakeholders in navigating complex financial and legal disputes. whether you are facing insolvency, business disputes, or real estate foreclosures, our experienced team ensures assets are managed, preserved, and distributed effectively.
lawyers for receiverships





 


 








latest news






what is a receiver and when is one appointed?

in the world of business disputes, insolvency, and asset recovery, the appointment of a receiver can be a crucial tool for courts, creditors, and stakeholders seeking to preserve and manage assets. but what exactly is a receiver, and when is...
read more



senate bill sb0142: new proposals on eviction record expungements & money judgments

as an attorney representing landlords across indiana, i aim to keep you informed about legislative developments that could impact your operations. senate bill 142 (sb0142) introduces significant changes, including the expungement of eviction...
read more



law360 highlights client’s gender discrimination lawsuit

in a recent article published by law360, the spotlight is on a significant lawsuit filed against the computer science teachers association (csta) for alleged gender discrimination and unequal pay practices. the case, which has garnered...
read more





all news & articles







northwest indiana lawyers





merrillville office
9191 broadway merrillville, in 46410get directionst: (219) 769-1313



valparaiso office
156 s. washington st. valparaiso, in 46383get directionst: (219) 531-0134





meeting locations in chicago, il including hyde park for certain practice areas.

followfollow









copyright ©  burke costanza & carberry llp
legal disclaimer | privacy policy



 















































