






perfection equipment, inc. – quality beverage systems



























































 




















 homeproductsbeerremote refrigerated beer systemsglycol power packsdispensing devicesmobile beer barscondimentcondiment dispensingcorrectional facilitiescorrectional equipmentmobile food service equipmentglassware tray/bussing cartssodawater chillersunderbar equipmentcut sheetscontact 















			home		


alan hale 


			2018-10-13t02:35:45+00:00		






 





 

 

 

 


 






 





 

 

arrowhead stadium 

ba ha mar resort, bahamas 







city center casino - las vegas 

hard rock hotel & casino, hollywood fl 

 

 







 

 

hollywood casino - joliet 

horseshoe casino - hammond indiana 







 

 

marlins park - miami 

wilshire grand hotel, los angeles, ca 



 







perfection equipment headquartered in gurnee illinois has been providing the food service industry with innovative, unique, quality beverage systems since its incorporation in 1965. in the following years, perfection continually developed new beverage dispensing products resulting in many patents granted both in the us and europe. in 1988 a us patent was received on the vh-1 high efficiency glycol chiller/ recirculator. this unique development greatly improved long-draw remote beer dispensing in the united states.
in 1995 following its continued growth in beer and beverage dispensing, perfection expanded its product line, developing a line of powered condiment dispensing equipment. initially the condiment systems were for front of house dispensing but subsequently expanded to include back of house, central kitchen systems and an extensive range of mobile self- contained dispensing carts. these products helped the customers achieve extraordinary food and labor cost savings. in 1995 perfection equipment inc. was awarded the prestigious fcsi distinguished development award.




remote refrigerated beer systems by perfection
perfection equipment, inc. has developed a unique line of quality beer chillers specifically designed to help you achieve two of your most important goals: increased profits and reduced costs. perfection glycol beer chillers utilize a patented state-of-the-art technology to offer you a remote beer system with unparalleled performance, reliability and economy. the highly efficient design gives perfection glycol beer chillers the ability to deliver cold beer greater distances from the beer cooler than had previously been achievable.
whether it’s a neighborhood bar. stadium, arena or hotel, perfection has your ideal beer system.












powered condiments by perfection
perfection equipment inc., a long-standing manufacturer of quality beverage and food service equipment has, through an extensive development program, in connection with it’s customers, launched a comprehensive range of powered condiment dispense systems.
this new equipment brings both labor and product savings to the operator, as well as addressing the important sanitation issues. perfection equipment has been recognized nationally and internationally as the industry leader due to our commitment to quality and dedication to design innovation.
perfection has supplied and installed condiment dispense systems in major sports stadiums, schools, corporate cafeterias, correctional facilities and fast food chains throughout the united states, europe and asia.






 
 





copyright 2016 perfect equip | all rights reserved | site designed by lme services



 
 
 
 
 













