








home - la posada hotel

















































skip to content







 









 






book now facebookinstagrampinterest928.289.4366


route 66  ♦  winslow, az






hotel 

history
gardens
gift shop
policies 

covid-19 statement


news


rooms
turquoise room
travel info 

getting here
things to do


art & exhibitions
plaza hotel nm
castaneda hotel nm
shop














welcome to architect mary elizabeth jane colter’s southwest masterpiece, la posada (the resting place),
— fred harvey’s last great railroad hotel.









welcome!
we hope you will enjoy your stay with us and take your time to rest and explore the many wonders of our magnificent historic hotel. please let us know how we can make your stay more pleasurable.










mary colter
la posada embodies the visions of both mary elizabeth jane colter, the hotel’s renowned architect, and allan affeldt, its current owner. but the story really begins with fred harvey, who “civilized the west” by introducing linen, silverware, china, crystal, and impeccable service to railroad travel.
 …read more





famous guests
james cagney
 franklin d. roosevelt
 jimmy stewart
roy rogers
 carole lombard
 amelia earhart
 john wayne
…read more




tripadvisor 2020
travelers’ choice winner


shop the trading post online! keywords...search







accommodations:       deluxe • patio • balcony • standard










the turquoise room & martini bar










trading post & book store










gardens & grounds










affeldt mion museum


news from la posada hotel & gardens!the winter wrap!january 2, 2024the winter update, our quarterly newsletter on what's happening at la posada, turquoise room, and affeldt mion museum.read morela posada – harvest time!october 23, 2023the la posada gardens aren't only extraordinary for their beauty, but also for what they produce. this year has been especially bountiful, providing beautiful squash, apples, peppers, kale, spinach, herbs, and more for our turquoise…read morela posada the stage playoctober 15, 2023photo: christopher marchetti how did allan affeldt’s work in the international peace walk influence his efforts to save la posada? what surrealistic dreams led artist tina mion to paint the portraits in her studio at…read moreon artist jo moraseptember 15, 2023jo mora: the arizona trail and beyond many thanks to author peter hiller, who delivered an excellent presentation on the life and art of jo mora on october 12th, 2023 in la posada's ballroom. mora…read more





the turquoise room serves regional contemporary southwestern cuisine and is considered by many to be the finest restaurant in the four corners region. chef angel soto and his team prepare delicious food, beautifully plated.

















contact




303 e. 2nd street (route 66)
winslow, az 86047
928.289.4366
info@laposada.org


book now 


sign up for our newsletter




keep up with news across all our properties. sign up for our quarterly newsletter!










* indicates required
email address *first name last name 














copyright © 2025 la posada hotel & gardens – all rights reserved | site design by shine creative industries







back to top


search














