






mjm manufacturing | sheet metal fabrication




























































keeping “made in usa” alive since 1979home
about
services
equipment & tools
gallery
contact
(305) 620-2020request a quotehome
about
services
equipment & tools
gallery
contact
© 2025 all rights reserved.






precision sheet metal fabrication | machining

stateside oem manufacturing made easy
 
							contact us 
							see projects   

 





welcome to
mjm manufacturing
welcome to mjm manufacturing, your one-stop-shop for precision sheet metal and machining solutions. as a fully integrated company, we pride ourselves on offering comprehensive services under one roof, ensuring reliability and efficiency throughout the manufacturing process. from machining to technical services, we cater to a diverse range of needs, guaranteeing that your engineering specifications are met with precision and expertise. with over 17 independent certifications, you can trust us to deliver top-quality results from blueprint analysis to the final product.
fully integratedin-house divisions17 certificationsabout usabout uswhat we do

our services
we specialize in manufacturing and designing precision sheet metal products and machining, offering world-class manufacturing services.

company featurescomputerized quoting, efficient engineering, automated tooling, quality control, and secondary operations in a minority-owned small business.servicescomprehensive range of manufacturing services with fast turnaround times, including prototyping, part marking, and design assistance.materialswe use a variety of metals including stainless steel, galvanized steel, aluminum, copper, brass, bronze, tin plated steel, titanium, and more.view our servicesview our services long-standing

clients
our list of long-standing clients, and their returning business is a testament of our quality and service.
how we do it
equipment & tools
learn morelearn moremeasuringdrilling & tappingtool & diecuttinginspectionsengineeringrollerstampinghardware & assemblywelding & spot weldingdeburringformingcnc turret punchinglasermachining & milling44years in businessour history
founding of mjm manufacturing
established in 1979 by mike mijares, mjm manufacturing started as a one-man operation in a small garage. the company has since grown in size and equipment, earning a reputation for delivering quality products to a wide range of clients.
our missions
missions of mjm manufacturing

mjm manufacturing is dedicated to staying ahead in technology and innovation within the manufacturing industry. by investing in new equipment and technologies, the company aims to provide top-notch sheet metal fabrication services to meet and exceed client expectations.

our visions
mjm manufacturing visions

with over 80 employees working in a cutting-edge facility, mjm manufacturing aims to continue its growth and success trajectory. the company strives to be an industry leader by focusing on continuous improvement, customer satisfaction, and setting new standards for quality and service.

latest news

don’t miss anything
february 14, 2024blog place holderfebruary 14, 2024blog place holderjune 1, 2018blog place holder
testimonials
what clients say?
                 siva balaji industries  june 19, 2020                 subbiahannamalai  june 19, 2020                 emilio lopez  february 2, 2020    for over two years, mjm has provided our business with high quality sheet metal parts, and they also suggested improvements to part designs to help us reduce costs and improve assembly processes. they also keep their technology and machines up-to-date, so the new capabilities translate to new options for our customers.             faisal albader  july 7, 2019                 carlos escalona  may 4, 2018                  
follow us on instagramfollow us on instagram email:
info@mjmmfg.com
tel:
(305) 620-2020
address:
5205 nw 161 street miami, fl 33014
mon-fri9:00am to 5pmready to start your project? 
contact us today to learn more about our sheet metal and machining solutions.
contact mjm manufacturingcontact mjm manufacturinghomeaboutservicesequipmentgallerycontact

mjm manufacturing


















































