


equal access advocates - reducing stigma connected to all disabilities






































































































 skip navigation
















 






0

 








menu 

home
education
store
about us
contact us
resources

blog
brochure







eaa online certification training for ada advocacy program how to ethically advocate for litigants with invisible disabilitieslearn moreclick here to purchase a consultationneed an ada advocate?learn the ways you can change your court experience,
and have mastery over your case!click here to purchaseequal access faq sheeta just, simple, & inexpensive solution to legal abuses.  download our equal access certification faq sheet to learn more.learn morebecome an ada advocatehelping the justice system help itself: certified ada advocates as part of the litigation teamlearn moreunlocking justiceplease visit our store and view dr. huffer's written diagnosis on legal abuse syndrome and how advocacy supports our judicial systemslearn more 











equal access advocates


we implement the intent of the americans with disabilities act amendments act through advocacy by reducing the stigma connected to all disabilities. we thereby improve public health, the economy, and the effectiveness of the judicial system.
the certified ada advocate is the delivery system that protects your health, and has an economical nationwide impact on the judiciary system. join us today, and learn a powerful method of communication backed by federal law.
 








disability rights guide












certified ada advocate












health and ethics






















 ada advocate responsibilities  the role of certified ada advocates is to successfully implement federal mandates through unique training and skills that will smooth out the wrinkles in the system, bringing the strengths of the person with disabilities to the forefront. all give a little and, in the middle, there is great reward and protection for all parties. the key to unlocking justice and setting a positive path for humane courts of the future lies in the trained advocate who anticipates and prevents problems.click here to learn more.
















 latest from the blog







reasonable modifications in court for persons with psychiatric disabilities 


to view the powerpoint presentation, please visit:  http://www.narpa.org/conferences/2018/reasonable-modifications-in-court/reasonable-modifications-in-court-narpa-slides_9-28-18.pdf
learn more »










top 7 garage safety hazards that you shouldn’t be ignoring 


when it comes to potentially hazardous areas in houses, garages are one of the most overlooked and ignored spots by homeowners. …
learn more »










making aging in place easier with digital health technology 


a common worry of the elderly as physical and mental abilities start to decline with age is that they will …
learn more »












unlocking justice book 







dr. karin huffer bio 







web accessibility 







legal abuse syndrome 
























 










contact us 









we are a consultation service.  to serve you best, please fill in the following information.for web accessibility email: online@equalaccessadvocates.com












name*


first name



last name

email*


enter email



confirm email


phone number*location*



city

statealabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingarmed forces americasarmed forces europearmed forces pacific
state


email subject*fill out your message*

check box if you wish to be on our mailing list


 









 













 

for more information please review our online faq guide
download



all rights reserved. [legal]
at this time, supported web browsers include chrome, firefox, safari, internet explorer and dooble. these browsers provide an optimal user experience. other browsers do not allow users to access all features and functionality.






copyright ©2020 equal access advocates, llc































accessibility




b&c


contrasts dark 


readable font


underline links


a
a
a


cancel accessibility                







provided by:



 




























