








sutter creek | california gold country | amador wine country | sutter creek jewel of motherlode












































skip to content








contact & visitors center 














 aboutsutter creekmonteverde store museumgallery (harvest season)meetings & conferenceswalking toursite maplodgingbed & breakfastshotelsvacation rentalsall lodgingrestaurantsshopsantiquesart galleriesfashiongifts & home decorall shopswineeventsactivitiesthings to doentertainmenthistoric sites & toursfour seasonsservicesanimal careassociationsbeauty & healthchurchesfarmers marketfinancial servicesgraphic & web designprofessional servicesreal estateaboutsutter creekmonteverde store museumgallery (harvest season)meetings & conferenceswalking toursite maplodgingbed & breakfastshotelsvacation rentalsall lodgingrestaurantsshopsantiquesart galleriesfashiongifts & home decorall shopswineeventsactivitiesthings to doentertainmenthistoric sites & toursfour seasonsservicesanimal careassociationsbeauty & healthchurchesfarmers marketfinancial servicesgraphic & web designprofessional servicesreal estateaboutsutter creekmonteverde store museumgallery (harvest season)meetings & conferenceswalking toursite maplodgingbed & breakfastshotelsvacation rentalsall lodgingrestaurantsshopsantiquesart galleriesfashiongifts & home decorall shopswineeventsactivitiesthings to doentertainmenthistoric sites & toursfour seasonsservicesanimal careassociationsbeauty & healthchurchesfarmers marketfinancial servicesgraphic & web designprofessional servicesreal estate 










 





 


 


 


 


 





 




welcomeinnlight2025-01-13t00:01:56-08:00

experience sutter creek … where time stands stillsutter creek is set like a diamond in the heart of the amador wine country – the very essence of a california gold country town.
a wonderful balance of old and new, today’s sutter creek maintains its gold rush facade while catering to the wants and needs of visitors from around the world. shop, dine, slumber, stroll, wine taste, and enjoy the quaint atmosphere of sutter creek … the gold country’s most walkable town with b&bs, restaurants, wine tasting rooms and shops along the main street.
sutter creek, the jewel of the mother lode, is steeped in history being born of the california gold rush and nurtured by the deep rock gold mines of the 19th & 20th centuries. it is also the perfect hub to explore the sierra foothill wine regions including amador’s own shenandoah valley, el dorado county’s fairplay region and calaveras county’s wine region.
sutter creek also attracts travelers from san francisco, sacramento … people en route to tahoe and yosemite! the town’s proximity to highway 88 into kirkwood and highway 49 through the gold rush country makes sutter creek an ideal stopover for local to international travelers. (check the weather.)
 sutter creek designated as “the most christmassy town in northern california.”
see instagram post!
 “sutter creek is the best town in the gold country … a main street lined with balconied 19th-century buildings. the prettiest main street you’ve ever seen? quite possibly.”
~ peter fish, sunset magazine
shop sutter creek
this “jewel of the motherlode” gold country town is a destination for those who love to shop!
unique galleries, boutiques, and antique shops line sutter creek’s main street … with some shops in nearby amador city. 
shops galore!
lodging in sutter creek
travelers come from all over the world to visit this gold rush town.
they stay in our beautiful bed and breakfasts … historic hotels and vacation rental cottages.
select a place to stay
sutter creek restaurants
restaurants in and around sutter creek rival the finest eateries in the state of california. each sutter creek restaurant has its own unique flavor and ambiance … though the character of sutter creek’s historic culture is prevalent through its various dining experiences.
shop restaurants
weddings & receptions
what could be more romantic than tying the knot in this enchanting gold country town!
sutter creek offers diverse wedding venues … from lush gardens, to expansive vineyards as well as historic churches.
“the second visitors walk into this town, they’re greeted with buildings that appear, at first, as though they haven’t changed one bit from what one might imagine a wild west town to be. with high balconies and traditional architecture, this town beckons one to explore its numerous antique shops, boutique stores, outdoor sidewalk sales, and dining establishments.” 
~ thetravel.com
wine tasting
knight foundry
historic sites
entertainment
resources
sutter creek visitors center
meetings & conferences
sutter creek walking tour




 
 





contact us email: info@suttercreek.org
web: suttercreek.org
like us on facebook
connect with us on instagram
view our video on youtube
(site map)

 

quick links city of sutter creek
knight foundry
sutter creek fire protection district
sutter creek community benefit foundation
scbpa membership

 

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025  |  elegant website design: innlight marketing | dedicated wordpress hosting: acies communications 

 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





sutter creek california “although john sutter’s sawmill was about forty miles away, sutter creek is in the heart of the california gold country. sutter made camp here, trying to avoid the gold rush crowds, but miners soon spilled in and made the town. mining boomed and then faded…making way for today’s contagion: wine fever. in and around sutter creek you can mosey along sidewalks shaded by filigreed balconies.”  – new york times 36 hours
yesterday & today
the town derives it’s name sutter creek after john sutter. sutter as early as 1844, had in pursuit of timber, established whipsawing pits and an outdoor manufacturing business named pine woods. it was this area near the creek, which runs behind city hall, that became the site of new and permanent settlement. it is told the settlement started because of a single tent raised there for miners to use on rainy sundays when they could not get to jackson or drytown. sutter creek truly established itself permanently when gold quartz was discovered in 1851 and the became a major supply center.
among other notable historic landmarks like knight foundry and the nearby kennedy mine, visitors should take some time to enjoy the historic wine country surrounding sutter creek. wine production in the area dates back one hundred fifty years, when pioneers seeking their fortunes in gold found the ideal climate for growing wine grapes. today amador county boasts over 25 wineries and is famous for its red zinfandels.

 






 
 
page load link



















go to top






