



	society of garden and landscape designers





























website cookies


cookie preferences




we use cookies to personalise content and to analyse our traffic. we also share information about your use of our website with our analytics partners. view our cookies page.


strictly necessary cookies required
optional cookies 
                                






we'd like to set analytics cookies to help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. for more information on how these cookies work please see our cookies policy. the cookies collect information in an anonymous form.





change cookie preferences










skip to main content



back to top










find a designerjoin uswhat's on




search sgld



close search





search sgld



suggested links:




















find a designerjoin uswhat's on


courses and careersgarden design journalsustainabilityfind an affiliated suppliersupplier opportunitiesresources



other quick links:
about usawardsmembers areapathwayshopcontact us












our members represent the very best in garden
and landscape design, from small courtyards and roof gardens
to country estates and urban parks.










design by katrina kieffer-wells msgld







design by samantha brown msgld







design by ian smith fsgld







design by helen elks-smith fsgld







design by maïtanne hunt msgld, photograph by joanna kossak







design by christine wilford msgld, photograph by joanna kossak







design by roger webster fsgld







design by nigel philips fsgld







design by nic howard msgld, photograph by jason ingram







design by gavin mcwilliam msgld









view previous slide



view next slide











find a designer
there are many reasons why you might ask a garden designer to help create your perfect outdoor haven. 
it doesn’t matter where you live or what size your garden is – a garden designer can help turn your dream into a reality.
find a designer





























join us
we welcome everyone working in or studying garden and landscape design to join our growing membership.
even if you simply have an interest in the world of garden and landscape design, you would be welcome to join us as a friend of the society.
join us

















sustainability
read our manifesto for sustainable landscape and garden design, as well as how you can get involved with the campaign to say no to plastic grass and plants. 











courses & careers
if you are thinking about taking the first step into the world of garden design or looking for new sources of learning, you may be interested in our list of courses that hold sgld educator status. 











awards
find out which categories you can enter in the prestigious sgld awards, see the most recent winning designs and all the latest information on how you can enter.








what's on







                            18.02.25
                        
event type


how to design resilient plant communities in a changing climate w/anna ribo -18 feb
drought and floods: how to design resilient plant communities in a changing...


read more
book now








                            19.02.25
                        
event type


photographing gardens to promote your business with denise quinlan - 19 feb 2025
this is a one-day event which will be run at the following times:

wednesday 19th february...


read more
book now








                            19.02.25
                        
event type


planting design in vectorworks with richard easton - 17 & 19 feb 2025
this is a two-day event which will be run at the following times:

17 february 2025 - 14:00 -...


read more
book now








                            20.02.25
                        
event type


rco south west cpd: fast track to photoshop with steve williams - 20 feb 2025
fast track to photoshop - how to make it work for you and your practice



with: steve...


read more
book now




all events






members












regional volunteers
find out more about your local regional groups, who your local regional volunteers are and how to get in touch.
looking to volunteer for your area? we would love to hear from you.











resources for designers
from cdm guidance to template documentation, we provide a multitude of useful resources for designers of all levels.











garden design journal
access the members-only digital version of our magazine or subscribe to get a copy delivered to your door at a special discounted rate for our student members and friends.









log in







open sitemap



courses and careersgarden design journalsustainabilityfind an affiliated suppliersupplier opportunitiesresources








privacy
terms
cookies
equality & diversity policy
login


connect with us:


instagram



facebook



x / twitter



linkedin



youtube



email






















