




























fire | foundation for individual rights and expression















skip to main content





















member portalstudentsfacultyalumnik-12 educatorscollege administrators
storeabout ussubmit a casedonate 
homestoredonatedefending your rightswhat we do individual rights advocacyreforming college policieslegal supportlegislative policy reformour impactwhat we defendfree speechacademic freedomreligious libertydue processpress freedomfreedom of assemblyfreedom of consciencetitle ixyour rights abroad
        have your rights been violated?
  
        if you face retaliation over protected speech, reach out to fire to learn more about how we can protect your rights.
  submit a caseget involvedmake a differencetake actiondonateattend an eventbe an advocatefor studentsfor facultyfor alumnihost a fire speaker
        take action
  
        across the nation, free speech rights are under attack. join us in defending this essential quality of liberty. make your voice heard and join a campaign.
  protect free speech
        fire student network
  
        fire’s 2022 college free speech rankings are based on the voices of more than 44,000 currently enrolled students at 208 colleges and are designed to help parents and prospective students choose the right school.
  build your networkresearch & learnresourcesresource librarytoolkitscurricula issue pagesreportsdatabasesguidessupreme court cases
        college free speech rankings
  
        presented by fire and college pulse, the 2025 college free speech rankings is the largest survey of campus free expression ever performed.
  explore rankings
        national speech index
  
        the national speech index is a new quarterly component of america’s political pulse, an ongoing weekly survey that will allow researchers to track shifting free speech sentiment in america over time.
  learn morecollegesnewscasesabout ussubmit a case













          free speech makes free people
        


the foundation for individual rights and expression's mission is to defend and sustain the individual rights of all americans to free speech and free thought — the most essential qualities of liberty. fire educates americans about the importance of these inalienable rights, promotes a culture of respect for these rights, and provides the means to preserve them.more about fire's missionexplore fire's 2025 college free speech rankings

















when u of tennessee tried to expel a pharmacy student for a tweet about cardi b, she fought back with help from fire, and together we won in federal court.read kim's story














surprise, arizona had a rule banning criticism of public officials. when rebekah massie was removed from a city council meeting for violating that rule, she sued and had the rule scrapped.read rebekah's story














with help from fire, animal rights advocates sue after facing ongoing censorship and arrest for peaceful advocacy in a public park in houston.read more














police arrested veteran jeff gray for peacefully holding a sign to raise awareness of homeless vets. fire filed lawsuits on his behalf to vindicate his constitutional rights and won them all!read jeff's story














mary hall-rayford was silenced during a city council meeting because of her views. with fire's help, mary and three other residents sued their city — and won.read mary's story














north carolina threatened susan hogarth with possible fines and jail time for taking a ballot selfie and posting the image to social media.read susan's story














alejandro flores and friends sought to post conservative flyers at clovis community college, but were denied. with fire's help, he and two classmates sued and won!read alejandro's story














utah’s attempt to childproof social media is an unconstitutional mess. that’s why fire and plaintiff hannah zoulek are suing to block the law from taking effect.read hannah's story














after facing censorship, coercion, and stonewalling at haskell indian nations university, jared nally fought for the rights of student journalists — and won!read jared's story














jeffrey hunt was forced out of the state capitol’s senate gallery by government officials. his offense? wearing a shirt they didn’t like.read jeff's story














after fire threatened a lawsuit, uvalde school district lifted a ban on a parent who questioned the qualifications of a recently hired school district police officer.read more




 












            
        explore our work
  
          


fire’s award-winning newsdesk covers the free speech news you need to stay informed.
read the news
















                  white house barring ap from press events violates the first amendment
                 

        news
  

february 14, 2025













                  fire opposes virginia’s proposed regulation of candidate deepfakes 
                 

        news
  

february 14, 2025













                  love, loyalty, and liberty: asu alumni unite to defend free speech
                 

        news
  

february 13, 2025













                  wave of state-level ai bills raise first amendment problems
                 

        news
  

february 13, 2025



















view video






















					
        bodies upon the gears
  
				

						
        documentary short
  
					



witness the birth of the free speech movement. watch the new documentary presented by fire and directed by academy award-winning filmmaker paul wagner.watch trailer
























					
        2025 college free speech rankings expose threats to first amendment rights on campus
  
				



“these rankings highlight a pivotal moment in higher education, where the tension between maintaining a free speech environment and navigating deeply polarizing issues is more pronounced than ever,” said fire ceo greg lukianoff. read the press release









what we defend 



play or pause video










                                    free speech
                   




                  free speech
                


freedom of speech is essential for democracy, scientific progress, artistic expression, social justice, peace, and our ability to live as authentic individuals.



learn more








                                    academic freedom
                   




                  academic freedom
                


academic freedom allows college faculty to research and teach without fearing institutional punishment for expressing unpopular views or findings. 



learn more








                                    due process
                   




                  due process
                


the right to due process means authorities must provide fair, unbiased, and equitable procedures when determining a person’s guilt or innocence. 



learn more








                                    press freedom
                   




                  press freedom
                


freedom of the press protects the ability of journalists, including student journalists, and news media to publish information free from official censorship. 



learn more








                                    religious liberty
                   




                  religious liberty
                


religious liberty is the right to follow the faith of your choice — or to follow no faith at all. 



learn more








                                    freedom of conscience
                   




                  freedom of conscience
                


freedom of conscience means the right to arrive at one’s private beliefs without being coerced by those who wield power over us.



learn more








                                    freedom of assembly
                   




                  freedom of assembly
                


freedom of assembly is the right of individuals to come together to express shared ideas, and it is one of the rights expressly guaranteed by the first amendment.



learn more

















        
        2025 college free speech rankings
  
      


the largest report of its kind, the rankings draw from more than 58,000 student responses representing more than 250 colleges and universities nationwide and are designed to help parents and prospective students choose the right school.read the report






rank
school
overall
speech code






        1
  




                          university of virginia
                           

                                                    
        public
  
                                                  



                                                                        73.41/100
                                                

green





        2
  




                          michigan technological university
                           

                                                    
        public
  
                                                  



                                                                        73.15/100
                                                

green





        3
  




                          florida state university
                           

                                                    
        public
  
                                                  



                                                                        72.46/100
                                                

green





        4
  




                          eastern kentucky university
                           

                                                    
        public
  
                                                  



                                                                        69.60/100
                                                

green





        5
  




                          georgia institute of technology
                           

                                                    
        public
  
                                                  



                                                                        69.39/100
                                                

green





        6
  




                          claremont mckenna college
                           

                                                    
        private
  
                                                  



                                                                        69.15/100
                                                

green





        7
  




                          north carolina state university - raleigh
                           

                                                    
        public
  
                                                  



                                                                        68.44/100
                                                

green





        8
  




                          oregon state university
                           

                                                    
        public
  
                                                  



                                                                        67.26/100
                                                

green





        9
  




                          university of north carolina - charlotte
                           

                                                    
        public
  
                                                  



                                                                        66.51/100
                                                

green





        10
  




                          mississippi state university
                           

                                                    
        public
  
                                                  



                                                                        66.14/100
                                                

green

























					
        back to school: free speech basics
  
				

						
        research & learn
  
					



as you prepare for the new academic year, these resources will help you understand your first amendment rights, promote a culture of respect for these rights, and provide you with the means to preserve them.know your rights









            
        defending free speech since 1999
  
          


fire’s team of experienced advocates has decades of experience protecting free speech both on and off college campuses. learn more about how fire’s experts can help you.







legal support




individual rights advocacy




college policy reform




legislative policy reform




k-12 education




your rights abroad







legal support











facing retaliation for protected speech?
in the courts



facing censorship or retaliation for protected speech? fire’s lawyers are here to help americans whose free speech rights are violated.
learn more






individual rights advocacy











need help? fire is ready.
helping your



fire’s signature defense program provides free, non-legal assistance to individuals whose fundamental civil liberties are violated, with a special focus on college students, professors, student media, and campus groups.
fire's campus advocacy






college policy reform











challenging censorship on campus
changing higher ed



fire’s college policy reform team works to proactively and systematically challenge campus policies that violate the rights of students and faculty on campus.
fire's college policy reforms






legislative policy reform











working with legislators
changing laws



fire advocates for individual rights at both the state and federal level by advocating on behalf of rights-protective legislation and against proposed laws that threaten student and faculty rights.
fires legislative priorities






k-12 education











free speech curriculum
helping teachers



fire’s free speech curriculum helps educators enrich and supplement their existing instruction on first amendment and freedom of expression issues in middle and high school classrooms.
first amendment resources for teachers






your rights abroad



home and abroad
international rights



fire monitors colleges and universities that maintain policies that sharply limit students’ speech rights abroad and raise questions about how academic institutions should handle conflicts between american expressive rights and repressive policies in other countries.
learn more about your rights








        cancel culture, legal education, and the supreme court with ilya shapiro
  so to speak: the free speech podcastep. 235february 6, 2025over the years, elite institutions shifted from fostering open
debate to enforcing ideological conformity. but as guest ilya
shapiro puts it, "the pendulum is swinging back." he shares his
firsthand experience with cancel culture and how the...
    your browser does not support html5 audio.
  share on facebookshare on twitter


 







						nothing is more powerful than being honest and open with people, and we’re standing up for our first amendment rights that give us that voice.
					






						animal rights advocates sue after facing arrest
					

							public advocacy
						



daraius dubash was arrested and handcuffed for two hours after peacefully demonstrating in a public park. the law & religion clinic at the university of texas and fire are suing to protect the constitutional right to speak freely in public parks.learn more





















            have your rights been violated?
           



if you face retaliation over protected speech, or if you are a college student or faculty member whose first amendment rights may have been violated on campus, reach out to fire to learn more about how we can protect your rights.

submit a case












              
        fire’s 10 common-sense reforms for colleges and universities
  
            



america’s colleges and universities have been engines of discovery and knowledge, but many institutions have strayed from their core missions. as colleges and universities look to regain trust, their leaders should recommit to their institutions’ core values. they can start with these 10 common-sense reforms.read fire's reforms for america's colleges and universities































          
        support the fight for free speech
  
        

            
        get involved
  
          



help us build a new free speech movement and promote a strong culture of free speech by supporting fire with a donation today. please join us in this important work!
donate to fire



























690+



since 1999, fire has amassed more than 690 victories defending student and faculty rights on more than 300 campuses nationwide.





33



in 2024, fire actively litigated 33 cases.





2,200



in 2024, fire vetted nearly 2,200 case submissions involving individuals and groups who said their rights were threatened.





1m



fire regularly reaches an audience of more than 1,000,000 email subscribers and social media followers.










        
        get involved
  
      


free speech is under threat on college campuses. here’s how you can make a difference.
opportunities with fire















                fire student network
               
for students



the fire student network is a coalition of students who recognize the importance of advancing civil liberties on their campuses.


more about student rights













                fire faculty network
               
for faculty



the fire faculty network is a coalition of faculty supporters interested in promoting and defending free expression and academic freedom at their institutions.


faculty resources













                join the fire alumni network
               
build your network



join a community of invested alumni from various colleges who are learning and growing together while pursuing change at their alma mater.


alumni resources













        become a free speech insider! 
  



subscribe to fire updates to get the latest free speech news in your inbox as it happens!


email



































© 2024 foundation for individual rights and expression510 walnut st. | suite 900philadelphia, pa 19106fire@thefire.org215-717-fire

about uscontact uscareerssubmit a caseprivacy statementterms and conditions

facebooktwitterinstagramthreadsyoutubetiktok
donate 









      share
    




            share this selection on twitter
          





            share this selection via email
          










