



	kentucky legislative ethics commission





































































skip to main navigation skip to main content


			kentucky legislative ethics commission
			
















kentucky legislative ethics commission




about klec 


overview


contact us


commission meetings


commission members


commission staff


newsletters




advisory opinions 


overview


index of opinions


summary of opinions




code of ethics 


overview


employers and legislative agents


overview


overview


definitions


education and training


penalties


prohibited actions


registration process


statement of expenditures


statement of financial transactions




legislators candidates and legislative staff


overview


overview


accepting gifts


adjudicatory proceedings


attendance at events


conduct of legislators


ethics education


financial disclosure




other applicable law




forms 


overview


file forms online


administrative penalties


complaints and investigations


employers and legislative agents (lobbyists)


legislators, candidates and major management staff


reporting deadlines


get blank forms




reports 


overview


employers and legislative agents (lobbyists)


legislators and candidates


annual reports



















welcome
main content
​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​  
file forms online

employers & lobbyists only​1/1/2025 to 1/31/2025 and is due by monday, february 17, 2025.​​​ start now 
 searchable register
 search employer and legislative agent expense reports from september 1993  to present.
​start searching 



training: online employer and legislative agent training. please click 
                     here​ to watch.to view a copy of the gray booklet we mention in the training video click 
                     here​. training: legislative ethics code overview training. please click ​here to watch.​ disclaimer: this training does not include changes in the code enacted after 2020. contact the commission office if you have questions.please note:  legislators and legislative candidates are prohibited from receiving campaign contributions from registered employers of legislative agents and permanent committees (pacs) during a regular session of the general assembly.  krs 6.767.  due to a change in the law in 2022, the krs 6.767 prohibition does not apply to legislative candidates in a special election or legislators seeking statewide office.​​
klec has jurisdiction overlegislative agents (lobbyists), employers (individuals or entities who engage legislative agents),members of the general assembly, andcandidates running for the general assembly.  the legislative ethics law covers four broad subject matters  registration of legislative agents and employers;statements by legislative agents and employers of: 
                  lobbying expenditures and expenses, and financial transactions;conduct of members of the general assembly; andfinancial disclosure statements of the general assembly, legislative candidates, and 
                  key legislative staff.

  
reporting deadlinesreporting periodduejanuary 1 - 31february 15february 1 - 28march 15march 1 - 31april 15april 1 - 30may 15may 1 - august 31september 15september 1 – december 31january 15
more about reporting deadlines contact uskentucky legislative ethics commission22 mill creek parkfrankfort, kentucky 40601 
get directionsphone - 
               (502) 573-2863 fax - 
               (502) 573-2929 
ask a question
  
agencies similar to kleckentucky executive branch ethics commissionthe executive branch code of ethics establishes the ethical standards that govern the conduct of all executive branch employees.
visit ethics.ky.gov
kentucky legislative research commissiona fact finding and service body for the legislature consisting of a 16 member panel of democrats and republican leaders from the general assembly.
visit legislature.ky.gov
kentucky registry of election financethe kentucky registry of election finance administers and enforces the laws regulating the financing of state and local elections in kentucky.
visit kref.ky.gov 


  
​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​






relative content​newsletterskeep up-to-date with everything going on inside klec!​​​january​​ 2025​​ - newsletter​​view archived newsletterscontact phone numbers
(502) 573-2911 - emily dennis, executive director
(502) 573-2910 - steven pulliam, general counsel(502) 573-2863 - donnita crittenden, assistant​(502) 564-9076 - lori smither, assistant

the kentucky legislative ethics commission has scheduled its next regular meeting on monday, march 17, 2025, at the capitol annex room 171 at 10 a.m.  ​to watch it live click 
      here​.​open records requeststo view the open records request policy for the kentucky legislative ethics commission click here​.to get a copy of the open records request form click here​.donnita crittenden is the official custodian of records at the commission office, to send an email click here.what's new?​klec guidebook may be found here​.

mailing guidelines for legislators and legislative ​staff may be found 
   here​.

2024 general assembly adopts changes in code of   legislative ethics 
   see what's changed​.
klec adopted a new opinion on december 12, 2018. to read this opinion click here olec 18-01.​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​





















policies
security
disclaimer
accessibility





© 2022 commonwealth of kentucky. all rights reserved.kentucky.gov






            
	welcome

            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            		
		
        









