



executive search and recruit consultants by the landstone group






















































menuhome
company
industry focus
search process

process
expectations


clients








 





 

executive search consultants providing consumer and technology companies with talent that drives results for over 30 years. 


 



great vision and great products are meaningless without the right people to execute


we are recognized internationally as a leading executive search and recruit consultants firm which has been working with companies to pioneer new directions through the acquisition of the right talent. since our inception in 1981, we have been committed to the consumer and high technology industries – from consumer products to the latest in personal and commercial technology, to tomorrow’s emerging concepts, products, and services. we provide the creative vision, entrepreneurial spirit, and innovation that are required of successful search companies to help you acquire the right talent in this 21st century.
executive search and recruit consultants
we understand that executives don’t materialize overnight; they develop over time. to that end, we get to know the talented managers who will not only drive your business today, but will one day lead the industry. identifying and securing executive level talent requires an executive level search firm. for nearly four decades, the landstone group has demonstrated the ability to handle these complex, sensitive arrangements. more info.










company information p.o. box 535 
centerport, ny 11721-0535 
tel: 212-972-7300

email: info@landstonegroup.com
 







executive search firm we are an international executive search firm which has been working with technology firms to pioneer new directions through the acquisition of the right talent. 

our step by step approach to search process





from start-ups to fortune 500 from start-ups to fortune 500, our recruiters are specialists who focus on consumer electronics, emerging technology, software, computer, telecom, wireless, internet, electronics, video game, audio video, clinical research, biotech, biometrics, pharmaceutical, medical device, biometric, consumer medical, and security.








© copyright 2017 the landstone group. all rights reserved. | powered by ozrobotics.com







menu









