


my so-called strife
























    
	my so-called strife
	
  
warning: this blog contains concentrated doses of sarcasm, pop culture references and bitter, caustic realities. viewer discretion is advised.

caution: contents may irritate eyes. if irritation persists, go away. 

keep out of reach of children and teenagers.
best when viewed at 800 x 600

about me

name:  kirkkitsch 
location:  arlington, texas 
i'm a 30-something manchild looking for friends with similar eclectic tastes. i get my kicks above the waistline, sunshine.
• i blog monday-friday and occasionally on the weekend. 

• i make a concerted effort to respond to any and all comments left, so be sure and check back for a response! you're always welcome to e-mail me
• if you link to me, please let me know so that i can reciprocate. thanks!

"if you can't be a good example -- then you'll just have to be a horrible warning." -catherine aird
"donger's here for five hours, and he's got somebody. i live here my whole life, and i'm like a disease."- samantha baker: sixteen candles
view my complete profile

previous posts

once more, with feeling
new blog host- http://kirkkitsch.journalspace.com/
new blog location
i give up. check myspace blog for more info
fuck change
i need some tums®
good tiiimes!
#@&%!
a perky pot from the past
something to cleanse the palate

archives

june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
august 2009




































fanlisting buttons








who links here


free blog content












* indicates new link
art
al hirschfeld
amedeo modigliani
american elf
andrã© kertã©sz
arekkusu
burning brush auctions
culture vulture
demolition kitchen
derek yaniger
dreams from the birdhouse
earle k. bergey
el rey
george hurrell
goreyography
guerilla art!
marc varsenault
m o o r e
nypl digital gallery
olive the boston terrier
piero fornasetti
scrapatorium
smtg world galleries
the situationists
thomas mann design
tim carrier
vice versa [italian site]
beefcake
amazon.ee [german]
andreas frey
anthony d'arezzo
bg enterprises
blair mone
body builder hu [hungarian]
bodybuilding.com
capriese murray
classic bodybuilders.com
classic bodybuilders
costantino galeazzo [italian]
craig titus
delgu's muskel homepage
* ebony bodybuilders
gianni scardigno
gianni scardigno ii
greek muscle
* ivan rybansky
jason dayberry
jimmyz productions
jaroslav horvath
kulturistika dorostu [russian]
lance m. johnson
mariusz pudzianowski
moustached muscle
muscle fantasy.com
muscle memory: database
muscle romania
musclegods
muscleworship
paco bautista
phil von kã¤nel
randy vogelzang
repetrope.com
rodney st.cloud
ronnie's world [czech]
sagi kalev
slovak muscle
* steve kuclo
tesztoszteron [hungarian]
usamuscle.com
blog resources
49 media.com
adopt-a-celebrity
adopt-a-critter
blogbinders
blog-city
blog togs
blogpulse: blog search engine
blogazoo
blogclicker
blogdrive templates
bloghub
blogrolling
blogthings
blogwidow: blog reference
button maker
buzznet
ciao! my bella! blog design
creative commons: copyright your content
diaryland
extreme tracking
flickr photo sharing
free image hosting sites
free online file storage sites
hipcast
imgspot
imood
jellycounter
kinja: weblog guide
link referral
modblog
myspace.com
the pc man: add games to your blog
photoblog [belgian]
photojerk
photobucket
politically incorrect blog buttons
quiz your friends.com
search 4 blogs
site meter
sitepal
statcounter
steal these buttons
ticker factory
truefresco [referrer feed service]
wordpress wiki: auto shutoff comments
books & 'zines
atomic books
beat books
* big little books
blackbook magazine
* book closeouts
book crossing
book sale finder: find local book sales!
book palace
books-under-cover: vinyl book covers
bud plant comic art
comics de betty page
complex magazine
doc savage
dreams of space: space art in children's books
ex libris anonymous
fantagraphics books
film threat
forbidden library
giant magazine
huge magazine
isbn.com- search for books
last gasp books
paper magazine
paste magazine
popimage
readymade magazine
real simple
short bus megazines
the sneeze
stuff-o-rama books & 'zines
syrup magazine
taschen books
* thrift books
the trash collector
to-do list magazine
vault 49
vintage movie magazines
wallpaper* magazine
zartbooks
celebs/eyecandy
adam baldwin central
bobby cannavale haven
cinemale.com
colin farrell
elijah wood
eminem
james marsters
josh duhamel
josh duhamel ii
jude law
matthew g. taylor
most beautiful man.com
ryan phillippe
ryan reynolds
ryan reynolds ii
vin diesel
vince vaughn
ephemera
deco dog
hello! lucky
papergoodies
paperpit.com
silver crow creations
yesterdaypaper
erotica
bigkugels: vintage erotica
busty mousepads
champion roll call page
chest man international
hollywood pinup
jmac's pinup page
megapecs
mystery date 'zine
obscure sexual terms
pinup girls of yank
pinup page: 1940's & 50's
retroraunch
sexual slang: wikipedia
virtualguy: your very own desktop male stripper
x-rated cartoon gifs
food
arizona bread co.
bigtome.com
blavod black vodka
body mass index calculator
candy favorites
candy wrapper museum
cereality
classic tv ads: eat!
cup-a-soup
diner city
dumpling man
einstein bros. bagels
figi's
fisher boy
food network: unwrapped
freezer queen
george j. howe co.: candy
haribo
hometown favorites: retro food finder 
hostess chocodiles
house of ugoff
iceman's kool-aid pkg. art gallery
ichef
jelly belly
jones soda
* kernal seasons
key ingredients
krispy kreme doughnuts
lipton asian sides
mellow mushroom pizza
mentos
my slurpee cup
nancy's quiche
night hawk charbroiled frozen dinners
octodog: the frankfurter converter!
patatas chef
peppermint palace
pez dispensers
root beer world
quickspice.com
shop 2000
taco bell: send an e-card!
ultimate bad candy website
weight watchers recipe cards circa 1974
wonder pizza usa: the pizza vending machine!
fun 'n games
adventure game
ball on a string
the blue chamber
the crimson room
ebaum's world
gamerival
guess the movie game
jumble
paperdoll heaven: celebrity dress-up games
planearium: create/customize your own south park character
portrait illustration maker
puzzle maker
stoner pac-man
the veridian room
fun stuff
bad gas
b3ta
dante's inferno test
engrish.com
hiss & pop
holifestigala
homestar runner
kevin allison & big flux
kittenwar
landover baptist church
les images drã´les 
mittens the cute kitty
montage-a-google
the onion
oolong the pancake rabbit
personality tests & tools
the quigmans
rate my mullet.com
red heel sock monkey shelter
scared of santa photo gallery
scum shopping network
spell with flickr
stuff on my cat
wacky packages
gay
365 gay
adam & andy
camp blood: horror for homos
chelsea boys
free pride graphics
gaywired
god hates shrimp
kleptomaniac
lambda shopping
macho 411
mogenic
outrate
pride sites: free image hosting (50 megs!)
queeria [russian]
regent releasing: gay cinema
stay close.org
horror movies
ain't it cool news
camp blood: horror for homos
classic horror
dark dreams: films of dario argento
dvd maniacs
friday the 13th: where are they now?
hammer horror crypt
horror movie cover art
horror theater video: htf slasher movies
horror-wood
hot spot: "art of horror" gallery
house of dracula
hysteria lives!: slasher movies
last drive-in on the left: cult drive-in films
made-for-tv movies of the 1970's
monster trading cards of the 50'& 60's
monsterland toys
monsters at play: cult movie reviews
monstrula [german]
scariest movies ever!
upcoming horror movies.com
interactive fun
collage machine 1.0
fabulous cursing keyboard
interactive black cat
making over mona
pee in the snow
subservient chicken
virtual coffee vending machine
virtual mood ring
lounge life
exotica! the music of martin denny
hard to find records
hip wax
java's bachelor pad
mr. suave's swingin' cocktail lounge
retro cocktail hour cover gallery
shag
space age pop music
swank pad
temple of martin denny
movies & television
8mm/16mm film collectibles
alice in videoland
alpha video
banque d'affiches de films [french]
blue underground
bob & david
brian's drive-in theater
the buffy galaxy [italian]
canmag: movie scoops
chess in the cinema
cinemacom
cinemasterpieces
classic film images
classic movies
classic tv theme songs
critic's choice video
dr. macro's high quality movie scans
drive-in movie experience
dvd beaver
dvd scan
efilmic
fantastica daily
film buff on line
film posters
first look media [trailers]
the french goonies page
funky tv stuff
the goonies homepage
hanna-barbera shows
hollywood cult movies
internet movie poster awards
jabootu's bad movie dimension
jerri blank: strangers with candy
kino international
kung faux
landmark theaters
let's all go to the lobby
martin's film noir page
movie forum
movie poster shop
movies.com
picture start 2004
popjapan.tv
recent releases: movie posters
saturday morning cartoon show
screwball movie classics
second-hand stories
skaryguy video
* some kind of wonderful
something weird dvd & video
toon tracker: home of the lost cartoons
trio: pop, culture, tv
turner classic movies
* tv classico
tv days.com
tvparty!
tv shows on dvd
undergrads: the mtv show
upcoming movie trailers
vci entertainment
videomatica
x-entertainment: retro tv commercials
music
afisha [russian]
astralwerks
b movie posters
back to mine: cd series
the chop tops: revved-up rockabilly
city hi-fi
d-skin
dana's virtual museum of unusual lp cover art
dusty groove america
evilfire: altoid tins transformed into headphone amplifiers!
exoteque music
forever cool: online jazz radio station
free cake!
generation trance
geoff kessell's fiendish musical web thingy
ipod mini
jazz rhythm
kaskade
kiss your face: celebs in kiss makeup
latin house krew
limbik frequencies: radio elektro[u]nique
mst3k movie poster/episode index
museum of bad album covers
online oldies radio: jazz
perfect beat
radio davidbyrne
rather good.com
rato records
red hot jazz archive
reissue! repackage!: smiths bootlegs
show and tell: vintage lp cover art
society records
ultimate pix: classic movie posters
people
brian biggs
buddy hickerson
david lynch.com
dita von teese
donny miller
dr. menlo
erica mulherin
georges bataille
ivan brunetti
james mchugh
jared lim
jay stephens
jeff huckaby
kathy griffin
kittyville
larry feign
penny dreadful
robot frank
rockabilly
vote carrie
personal
al capone cigarillos
blogshares
book library
headcandy
knon 89.3: favorite radio station
dvd library
favorite poem
jam handy!
myspace
mystery play internet radio: listen to the old thriller serials!
seul boy: my online store!
take my quiz!
these people depress me
vince valiant
yahoo! 360âº
weather underground
politics & propaganda
adbusters
axis of eve
build a better bush
bushflash
bushisms
bush sucks
christmas resistance
convince your mom
evil.com
get your war on
hate crime.org
i did not vote 4 bush wristbands
le google bomb
mad guerilla brigade
moveon.org
naral pro-choice america
punkvoter
the residential area
sorry everybody
voting booth crib sheet
pop culture
all things animated
artghost
bad fads museum
blondie & dagwood
boing boing: a directory of wonderful things
coke babies
fifty five
imockery.com
kermitage
kung f00
lileks
little lulu
magic inkwell comic strip theatre
modern drunkard magazine
mr. t and me
nobleworks inc.
novelty toilet seats
painstick
pimpadelic wonderland
pixelabra
pop cultural icons
pop culture artifacts
pop culture junkies
popcult magazine
poprocks & coke
popsmear
rare ads
retrocrush
retro revival
the retrovert
ruthless reviews
sachs report
speedmonkey
tom's wacky packages page
vintage posters
we ain't cool
x-entertainment
pulp & kitsch
ace double mystery series
bbb's: boston terrier kitsch
cliffhangers: thrills! suspense! danger!
crime boss: comic books of the 40's and 50's
doc savage organized
dollsoup
eclectical postcard kitschen
el chingadero
gargantua
jesus21.com
kitsch magnets
the paragraph novels
postville
pulp feng shui
pulp fiction postcards
pulp magazine gallery
roadside america
serial gif movies [french]
square america
the temple ov psychick blah
tv lamps
unusual cards
vintage paperbacks
resources
00fun.com [e-cards]
1001 postcards
24/7 downloads
avid tech: vhs to dvd transfers; lp to cd!
birthday alarm
born/died today
calendar 2005
celebritywonder: movie wallpaper/desktops
cnn
dead or alive?
dictionary & thesaurus
dodgeit: free receive-only e-mail account to avoid any future spam from sites that require you to 'register'
flowgo.com [e-cards]
font freak
freecycle
funblaze [e-cards]
gizoogle
goodbye! the journal of contemporary obituaries
how stuff works
html cheat sheet
html cheat sheet: site 2
html goodies
hyperdictionary
information please: online reference
language translator [free]
leo's icon archive
mac.org: deciphering mac errors
mapquest
national do not call registry
picsearch: image search engine
pimpwebpage: html tutorials
phone spell: what does your phone number spell?
phrase finder
postcard perfection [e-cards]
putfile: upload video & images
rhyming dictionary
slangsite.com: slang dictionary
spellcheck
starving artists law.com
streamload: free file hosting
sundaysaver: weekly sales circulars
thinkexist quotations
tinyurl.com: making long urls useable!
toolhaus.org: read ebay sellers' negative feedbacks
topwalls.com: free wallpapers
urban dictionary
urband legends reference pages
webmonkey
what is my ip address?
what's that called? demystifying music used  
in commercials
white pages phone/address directory
wisegeek
worldometers.info
zspc super color chart
zabasearch: free people search
shopping
accoutrements
betty's attic
bazaar bizarre
blackjack inc.
boys stuff
cd baby
ecosphere: your very own totally enclosed ecosystem!
flaxart
fredflare
half.com
ikea
lovebird collectibles
meomi
miles kimball
offensivetees
planet oranj
plumparty
pottery barn
radius toothbrushes
second spin.com
shitbegone toilet paper
shoplocal
sideshow usa
signals
sticker planet
swapsale
target
things you never knew existed
tin hat novelties
unclaimed baggage
urbanoutfitters
vintage vending
weener ware
spooky stuff
2 rooms plus halloween!
bloody finger mail
club haunt
dvd beaver: vintage sci-fi lobby cards
the exorcist: reenacted by bunnies
halloween!
halloween retrostyle
* hauntspace
* monstershack
monstrous
* mydeathspace
oh my gore!!!- horror movie desktops
prints on press: vintage halloween clipart
pushin' daisies
sci-fi/horror movies in 30 seconds: reenacted by bunnies
scream- the horror channel [canada]
spook show
strange doll series
tutenstein
time machine
1950s ads
50s slang
80s nostalgia
the 80's server
album covers: 70's
fabric attic: nostalgia by the yard
fashions of the 50's
â¡80s.com: the interactive 80's
in the 70's/80's/90's
nostalgia central
petticoat dreams
prebble q mclaughlin: everything 80's
product of the 80's
retro: the 50's-90's
retro junk: 80's movie trailers...commercials
retro lounge
seventies design
stuck in the 70's
super 70's
this day in music
unofficial burgertime homepage
young hollywood: 1970's
wes clark's toys from the 60's
toys
aquapets
archie mcphee
bored games
kidrobot toys
japanese toys
mom & pop toys
spilsbury
time passages nostalgia co.
timewarp toys
toaster toys & accessories
tons of toys
vintage depot direct
blogs

32 flavors
analog medium online
the blog of hohmann
blog, tarsier, blog!
blogography
buzzstuff
celebrity smack!
cheeky prof
cyber chocolate
the daily bitch
* depeche mode music
down with pants
* ephemera
gadding girlzoot
gatochy's blog
grand poo of awesome
i feel fine
the impulsive buy
*it's all about me...
* just gotta hang on...
kate's ramblings and wanderings
lips like sugar
* low end of normal
* mable's unique shopping blog
mondo retro
more than my luggage
music is my boyfriend
my 2 second shelf life
occasional bitch
the paragraph novels
parts-n-pieces
past life car thief
* patrick's place
* plaid stallions: reflecting on 70's pop culture
pocketlint
popbytes
popped culture
princess wild cow
quiggs
ragdoll's domain
* raptus regaliter
red monkey
remix of insanity
* room for thoughts
scheiss weekly
screaming mute
sergio leone and the infield fly rule
shockingly provincial
* somewhere over the rainbow?
suburban lesbian
swapatorium
* tales from the trailer
* thoughts of a crazy redhead
thoughts on a lonely afternoon
tinapopo & baby jewels
twisted thoughts within my four brick walls
uncommon squalor
more blogs
bunny burrow
cockeyed
ephemera.org
flog!
funfurde
hulk's diary that is on the internet
mark rogers, super guy
my house is cuter than yours
nameless erotica
odd-sized baggage
of horses and hell
the life cycle of a fruit fly
was i there?
whirled peas
the world according to sass
r.i.p. blogs





friday, august 28, 2009



	 
	 once more, with feeling
	 
    


even newer blog ( journalspace died on me and everyone else who was stupid enough to think it would last ):http://kirkkitsch.wordpress.com/



posted by kirkkitsch @ 2:16 pm 

      
         0 comments






thursday, february 22, 2007



	 
	 new blog host- http://kirkkitsch.journalspace.com/
	 
    






posted by kirkkitsch @ 9:30 pm 

       





monday, february 12, 2007



new blog location







posted by kirkkitsch @ 6:00 am 

      
         0 comments






wednesday, february 07, 2007



	 
	 i give up. check myspace blog for more info
	 
    






posted by kirkkitsch @ 8:15 pm 

      
         1 comments






monday, february 05, 2007



	 
	 fuck change
	 
    


labels: rants



posted by kirkkitsch @ 3:00 pm 

      
         2 comments






friday, february 02, 2007



	 
	 i need some tums®
	 
    


oy, where do i begin? there are just too many ulcer-inducing news stories to choose from lately i'm having a hard time choosing which one to rant about first.i think the one that still baffles me is the 29 year-old man in arizona who successfully enrolled in a charter school as a 12 year-old. not only did he enroll, he was there for two years before being detected. two years. apparently this was his fourth school he ran this scam on. it goes without saying that this guy is a convicted pedophile with a prison record (he served 7 years in an oklahoma jail for making advances to a pair of 6 year-old boys...6. wtf is wrong with people?!). granted the whole pedophilia aspect is reprehensible, my big question is what flaming retard enrolled this asshole in school? i haven't been able to find any specifics, but wouldn't an alleged 12 year-old be in like 6th or 7th grade? and don't even get me started on the defense that he "shaved off his body hair and wore makeup to conceal his stubble." what, were the school administrators checking for pubes when he enrolled just to make sure or what? what-the-fuck difference does any of that make?! he's got fuckin' crow's feet and hands like bigfoot. are you kidding me?! whoever (re: whatever school employee) enrolled him in school should be exposed to the world for the moron that they are, ridiculed, then fired. insane! i'm still shaking my head. just when you think you've heard it all. jesus.epilogue: even more of the story is coming out now. click here to read the latest.tums®labels: news stories



posted by kirkkitsch @ 6:00 am 

      
         3 comments






thursday, february 01, 2007



	 
	 good tiiimes!
	 
    


yes, i'm finally back. i originally thought i was back, then i found out that my newly-installed dvd player was playing so dark, it made every movie i watched look like cabin in the sky. then i discovered that the new used keyboard i bought, had several keys that didn't work. sooo, i ended up having to take it all back and get them to fix them both. when i initially called to tell them about the dvd issue, they talked to me like i was nuts, arrogantly telling me to "oh, just adjust the contrast/brightness" of my monitor in the preferences panel. fuckin' doi! of course i tried that, but even turned up all the way, you still couldn't make out people's faces everything was so dark.so, i took it back, they "recalibrated" it and a week later, i now have my computer back and a new, fully-functional keyboard...with the support leg broken off. delightful. if you're wondering what a "support leg" is, i just made the term up, cuz i really don't know what the official name is. basically, it's a leg that runs the length of the keyboard that allows me to either keep the keyboard flat on the desk -or- pull down the leg giving the keyboard a propped up, sloping position (which i prefer). so, i thought "fuck it" and tried to find a replacement online, only to find out that they're no longer being made. the only thing i'm finding that comes remotely close, is some mac knockoffs called "ikey" keyboards, which come in white (yeah, just what i need, something else to obsessively clean) and look like cheap crap. so, i turn to ebay and eventually find one that is guaranteed to work and looks great. while i'm bitching about my keyboard situation to a friend, (i also tried two local stores who carry mac products and they both pointed me towards the inferior ikeyboard), i hear "you've got mail!" and find out that she's just wired me money, via paypal to pay for the keyboard i'd bookmarked on ebay! how nice is that!? it's nice to be overwhelmed sometimes.i really went through withdrawal, being without a computer for what seemed like an eternity. not unlike being without transportation, it becomes such a part of your daily routine, then once it's gone, however briefly, it's extremely frustrating. however, i now have my computer back...again, and all systems are go.



posted by kirkkitsch @ 7:00 pm 

      
         2 comments






sunday, january 21, 2007



	 
	 #@&%!
	 
    


no, i didn't intentionally drop the blog ball again. as i was finally getting back into the groove, from being sick all those weeks, my computer crashed. i made my attempts at "fixing" things, but just ended up with a norton utilities disc stuck in my disc drive. i can't say the crash was a total surprise, since various aspects of misc. programs weren't completely functional. i just didn't want to deal with having to reload all my software and transfer tons of files to flash drives (the "burn a cd" function was among those things that weren't cooperating).i finally took the computer in to be fixed, to the one and only place remotely nearby that even works on them, who have never been able to save any of my files in the past (they just wipe it clean {which takes only minutes} and hand it back to me a week later. $100. come again.). this time they were able to save my important files, so that was an unexpected surprise. ultimately, i'd really like to eventually upgrade to the g4 imac. i love the design, but couldn't really afford to buy it at the time. naturally, the model is no longer in production and i hate the look of the new g5s. flimsy. the guy at the workshop said he'd put me on a list if he happens to come across a used one, though he didn't seem too optimistic about that happening. le sigh.and speaking of surprises, i decided to have a dvd drive installed and bought a new keyboard. wheee! the drive/installation was insanely inexpensive (i thought it would be just the opposite), so now i can do all those screen captures i have been dying to do for so long. for the longest time i have wanted to create a library of my favorite scenes from movies and make them into a book for my personal enjoyment, so it looks like that's finally going to become a reality (the picture is really dark though, so once i figure out how to remedy that, i'll be ready to go). i promise i won't start bombarding you with them here. i may have to create yet another blog solely for this reason. who knows. maybe even one of those flickr things.anyhoo, though i'm technically back, it may take me a few days to get back on track, so hang in there. i haven't given up on this ol' blog of mine, so i hope you won't give up on me. besides, i have waaaay too many things to talk to you about, and complain about. just you wait.epilogue: as it turns out, apparently the imac doesn't allow you to do screen captures from dvds. i tried it and everytime i only got a picture of a portion of the screen (maybe 3/4). i researched this phenomena and as it turns out, it's just one of those weird things that has other mac users baffled as well. allegedly os 10.4 users can get around it, but i don't see me tackling os 10.4 anytime soon. sonofabitch.



posted by kirkkitsch @ 6:00 am 

      
         6 comments






wednesday, january 10, 2007



	 
	 a perky pot from the past
	 
    


dallas morning news- brew a little blast from the past. mr. coffee has just released its classic edition coffee pot. the old-school design with a top cup rack brings back the days when "coffee break" meant an afternoon at the diner rather than five minutes at a drive-through. and the '70s-inspired polka-dot background adds a little bit of pop to your countertop.but the pot is not without modern amenities such as backlit ambient lighting, a removable silicone decanter pad, cord storage and a water-filtration system. in bean brown and poppy red with brushed metal accents. available in february for $89.99 at target stores.



posted by kirkkitsch @ 6:01 am 

      
         1 comments









	 
	 something to cleanse the palate
	 
    


ah, that's much better.



posted by kirkkitsch @ 6:00 am 

      
         1 comments






tuesday, january 09, 2007



	 
	 esmarmery.com
	 
    


if you've ever watched any of the "women's" channels (oxygen, lifetime, etc.), then you've undoubtedly seen one of the 200 eharmony commercials that seem to be on a perpetual loop after 7pm. i saw this guy and still haven't decided whether to feel incredibly hopeful or horribly depressed. i imagine curly here, smells like frito breath and some kind of spiced aftershave my grandpa would've worn. and i just know he normally sports a unibrow. yikes. just yikes.



posted by kirkkitsch @ 6:00 am 

      
         2 comments






monday, january 08, 2007



	 
	 go to jail. go directly to jail. do not collect $200
	 
    


a few weeks ago there was a new year's marathon of the msnbc television series lock-up. i recorded it and just recently got around to watching it. i find the show fascinating. however, the one constant i notice is that there are basically two kinds of prisoners: the innocent "victims" who were [1] in the wrong place at the wrong time, [2] were framed and/or [3] were casualties of the man. then there are the ones who actually own their guilt. i especially love the ones who are upset that their tv privileges, books, etc. are taken away for their infraction du jour. one prisoner in particular was pissed when his chess set was confiscated for whatever rule he broke that week. he rattled off a list of jails that he'd been to in the past that didn't do this or allowed that, but this place was hindering his rehabilitation by stripping him of privileges and his playthings! whatever. i'd say if he's already been in multiple prisons that the rehabilitation wasn't working long before he got to the prison he currently resides in. fuck off, drama queen. and don't even get me started on the ones that complain that they're treated "less than human." um, here's an idea: {whispers} if you don't want to be treated less than human and enjoy your freedom...don't go to jail, asshole! i swear, some of these people act like they were just standing around minding their own business and wham! they were arrested, indicted and put in jail. whatever.the marathon covered all aspects of the prison system: administration, the violent criminals, the first-timers, the lifers, the homosexuals, the gangs, the women prisoners and even the mentally ill.there were two inmates in particular whose crimes were so heinous that your initial reaction is "unforgivable." however, after seeing them during their interviews, i surprised myself by actually feeling compassion towards them. what were their crimes, you ask? one committed matricide the other patricide (these were separate crimes, neither inmate was related). but it didn't end there. basically, one shot his own mother with a rifle...then ate some of her brain. the other inmate slit his father's throat and did the same. as it turns out, they are both schizophrenic and in need of medication, which they are getting now that they are in prison. the inmate who killed his mother was the saddest one of all because he had obvious tics and seemed more childlike than the other inmate. seeing him emerge from the prison's store with a clear plastic bag of new socks, all smiles, made me sad. i just don't know if the extent of his crime has ever really sank in. meanwhile, the other man who had killed his own father, seemed visibly distraught at what he'd done, saying he wished he were dead. he began to cry while relaying his story and again, i felt sorry for him.some of the inmates are so extremely mentally ill that they have to be kept in a special ward, separate from everyone else and in a cell that is void of bars, but instead has a heavy steel door with shatterproof glass windows built into it. there was one inmate who had such severe schizophrenia that he was basically uncontrollable, convinced that he was the head of the fbi. at first it sounds comical, like something out of a sitcom. however, seeing the paranoia firsthand, is unsettling and more than a little disturbing. this particular inmate had written, quite neatly, the words "chief of the fbi" (both forwards and backwards, so as to be read correctly if on the other side of the door) multiple, multiple times all over the walls of his cell, as well as all over the windows of his cell door. according to the guard who was interviewed, it had all been written in feces and tinted with mustard, "for color." yu-ikes.of course, there was the fascinating (and frightening) segment where they show you all the various handmade weapons that had been confiscated from inmates over the years. all meticulously fashioned from everything imaginable (turkey legs, the metal support found in the soles of shoes, toothbrushes, melted shampoo bottles, etc.). most of the weapons were shivs of some kind, though some had been clever enough to fashion some into razors and some had even fashioned what they call "zip guns" from various fragments of metal. there were all calibers of zip guns, ranging from .18 to 32mm! one of the things i found interesting was a device the prisons use when/if a riot should break out, called a "flash bang." this device is basically a form of hand grenade that emits an explosive report and brilliant flash that basically overloads the senses of those in the vicinity. the particular one they demonstrated on the show also released a barrage of rubber ball bearings. sweet! it was pretty interesting to watch file footage of a riot that had broken out in the cafeteria, then seeing one of these babies tossed into the mix and seeing everyone collapse to the ground from the shock waves. wow. i want one of these to take to the mall at christmas time! or release at a crowded wal-mart on black friday. more crappy $12 dvd players for me!!!and last, but not least, leave it to me to scope out the eyecandy. i teased a friend of mine that i was going to make one of them my new pen-pal, but my friend neglected to see the humor. i insisted that he didn't mean to bludgeon his boyfriend to death, he just got "caught up in the moment" and that i could change him. everyone has their little idiosyncrasies. lol! my friend no likee my humor. still, he was really cute, but waaaay to young to already have fucked up his life so badly. oh well, i have 40 years to decide whether or not he's the pen-pal for me. the other guy was older and very cute, but also a big ol' loser. naturally, he "found jesus" (i didn't even know he was missing) after his second incarceration for the same thing (multiple rape convictions). whatta catch! not.on a positive note, it was nice to see people like harry belafonte and jim brown are visiting prisons, giving inspirational talks and working with programs like amer-i-can. two very gracious, cool and inspiring celebrities.the show airs back-to-back episodes tonight at 9 and 10, then repeats at 12 and 1. check local listings for time and channel.



posted by kirkkitsch @ 6:00 am 

      
         0 comments






sunday, january 07, 2007



	 
	 no love for snowzilla
	 
    


(ap) anchorage, alaska -- snowzilla may be a smash hit with shutterbugs, but the towering snowman has detractors closer to home.some neighbors of the two-story high snowman say they're fed up with the hordes of gawkers clogging their street. "when you get 20 people out there in their cars, now the whole street comes to a stop and nobody can get through," said anthony bahler, who can see snowzilla from his front window. "they just stand out there, in the middle of road, talking about a snowman."bahler's neighbor, billy powers, supervised construction of the original snowzilla last year. through the internet, it became a media sensation, drawing crowds of visitors and tv crews from japan and russia before it melted in the spring.this year, powers resurrected the snowman and its giant hat made from tomato cages, corncob pipe and beer-bottle eyes. at 22 feet, the new snowzilla is six feet taller than its predecessor.once again, traffic is streaming through the neighborhood."everybody likes it," powers said. "that's the reason i do it, really, i like the smiling faces."mike schmitz, whose family lives next door to bahler, would prefer if snowzilla were somewhere else. "if it's such a public thing, you'd think the community could get together and find a place to do it," he said.is this really that big of a deal? surely this place has a police department. if it's such a problem, why haven't they been involved? it sounds to me like those doing the complaining have too much free time on their hands. if it weren't the snowman, they'd find something else to bitch about.



posted by kirkkitsch @ 6:00 am 

      
         1 comments






friday, january 05, 2007



	 
	 spreading rumars
	 
    


sleepless in chicago (aka "anonymous") writes (in regard to this post, written nearly a year ago):duz n e 1 els feel this way? eye hop not. i dint mean 2 start no rumars. onest.



posted by kirkkitsch @ 12:00 pm 

      
         0 comments






thursday, january 04, 2007



	 
	 what you're not missing on myspace
	 
    






posted by kirkkitsch @ 6:00 am 

      
         4 comments






wednesday, january 03, 2007



	 
	 the year's first must-read
	 
    


i honestly don't really get into most tabloid magazines like the enquirer and star magazine, though i admit to having bought them on occasion in the past. however, i freakin' love incredibly awful tabloids like weekly world news. i don't see it very often (mostly due to the fact that they seem to sell out too quickly), but i recently saw one in the magazine section of one of my favorite places, walgreen's, that i had to buy. after flipping through it, i really had to buy it. god, it's soooo horribly delicious! how could i resist with articles entitled:- pilgrims of poop- the bigfoot diet!- krakens corner hotel guestsnot to mention a regular advice column called horse sense by lester the typing horse.however, i have to admit that my favorite is the bigfoot diet article. permit me to share some of my favorite excerpts with you:• "this was not the slender, muscular bigfoot i'd seen in photos...his gut was enormous!"• "after limbering up, bigfoot really got to work. he did a series of roundhouse kicks that culminated in him felling a mangrove with a mighty blow."• "then bigfoot took a well-deserved snack break. i thought he'd head to the nearest chicken coop but instead he nibbled on a handful of healthy, low-calorie swamp berries. after that, he plucked a minty green leaf from the shore, chewing it like chaw. the leaf must have been an appetite supressant because i didn't see bigfoot eat again."so, run, don't walk to your nearest walgreen's and pick up your very own issue. the best $2.99 you'll spend all year.



posted by kirkkitsch @ 6:00 am 

      
         2 comments






tuesday, january 02, 2007



	 
	 m-m-m m-m-m good
	 
    


it's 9:30am and i want campbell's vegetable beef soup and sourdough toast points. i know what you're thinking: "what are you, some kind of maverick or sumthin'?" i just may be. i just may be.on a similar note, i've been obsessed with dove's new milk chocolate candy bars, schweppes ginger ale, the soft tacos from taco cabana (their margaritas took the edge off of christmas with the parents) and panda express' (my new fiancée) orange chicken with fried rice. that is all.



posted by kirkkitsch @ 9:30 am 

      
         2 comments












 






 



this work is licensed under a creative commons license.




