





fire retardant wood | wui | saferwood by chemco


























































 










 skip to content



toggle navigationhomeaboutproductstechnical libraryprojectswuicontact
 






home2024-02-06t14:36:22-08:00 
real wood. made safer. world-class exterior frtw since 1981
learn about saferwoodpermanent protection.
proven performance.
did you know?

saferwood is ignition resistant and permitted for use in all wui zones.
saferwood with thermex-fr is the only frtw to pass california’s 10-year natural outdoor weathering test.
saferwood with thermex-fr is the first and only frtw evaluated compliant to the international wui code per icc-es.
saferwood with thermex-fr is backed by the industry’s best and only limited lifetime warranty.

view our projectsby chemco, inc., a watkins group family company
“our customers have stuck with us for decades because our values – loyalty, ethics, friendship and professionalism – come through with everything we do. “
 — ed watkins, president, the watkins group
partnerships that bring you more.
at saferwood, we’re proud to invest in our customers success. choosing to work with us means your project and client is receiving world-class frtw and expert consultation to meet the strictest model codes compliance. those who choose to formally partner with us gain immediate recognition and traction in the market, leveraging our experience, knowledge, and reputation for competitive advantages, and share in our mission of protecting property and saving lives.
go direct to the source.
at saferwood, you will speak directly with frtw and wui professionals who are directly involved in the manufacturing and treatment process of saferwood ignition resistant exterior wood building products. our team responds to every inquiry personally and we welcome your scrutiny. in fact, we encourage you to ask tough questions, demand proof, and make fact-based decisions based on the evidence. we will work with you every step of the way to ensure the products you specify meet and/or exceed project requirements.
what matters most.
at saferwood, our reputation is built on 42 years of experience, rigorous testing, the strictest code compliance, and international standards in the world. we have an unyielding commitment to protecting property and saving lives by producing the highest quality ignition resistant, appearance grade, iwuic compliant, exterior frtw available anywhere in the world.
our promise.
we guarantee your project will look great, perform better, and last longer with saferwood. we trust our formula and process so much that we back up that claim with the most generous and industry-best limited lifetime warranty and our world-class esr-1159 iwuic supplement; the first and only frtw in the world evaluated international wui code (iwuic) compliant by icc, the international code council.
experience the industry’s best customer service for yourself.
need to specify frtw for a project?
unsure of frtw code compliance?
want samples of saferwood?

contact us now!



 
 
saferwood
p.o. box 875
ferndale, wa 98248
info@chemco.org
call us: 360-366-3500
toll free: 877-366-7272
© copyright 2025 |  chemco inc.


 
 
page load link












































































 


