





honda of knoxville - knoxville, tn - offering new & used motorcycles, atvs, side by sides, trikes, goldwings, and scooters and more for sale









































































facebook
facebook


twitter


newsletter




















 865.688.8484




5800 clinton hwy | 

knoxville,

tn

37912




map & hours











follow honda of knoxville on instagram!





like honda of knoxville on facebook!




 e-newsletter










toggle navigation
 
 
 





home

showroom

showroom
all inventory
new inventory
pre-owned inventory

get a quote
finance
value your trade
schedule a test ride
promotions
contact us


parts finder


financing


service

service department
service appointments
parts department
parts request

apparel & accessories


events

dealer info

about us
map & hours

employment
event calendar
newsletter signup



read reviews

submit a review
photos
contact us








honda of knoxville

5800 clinton hwy
 knoxville, tn 37912
us

phone: 865.688.8484
email: tylerc@handlebarhwy.com,thanej@handlebarhwy.com

fax:
			865.688.8589















j
				













































previous



next









shop new models
shop now








shop pre-owned
shop now








shop e-bikes
shop now









schedule test ride
get started








schedule service
get started








get pre-approved
get riding today















honda of knoxville

knoxville, tennessee

    welcome to honda yamaha suzuki and husqvarna-motorcycles of knoxville. we are your dealer that offers used and new motorcycles, atvs, side by sides, trikes, goldwings and scooters from honda, yamaha, suzuki, husqvarna-motorcycles and motor trike inc,. we offer yamaha power assist bicycles for road, fitness and mountain bike cycling (emtb). we also carry a wide selection of cycling apparel and accessories for all your cycling needs. proudly serving east tn including knoxville, maryville, alcoa, blount county, oak ridge, athens and chattanooga offering new and used sales, service, apparel and financing.


    we are also a dealer that has an up-to-date inventory of pre-owned / used cruiser and sport bikes, atvs and more inventory. have questions about a product you see? call us at (865) 688-8484 or contact us on-line. our business specialists offer financing from honda and local lending institutions. 


    looking for replacement atv, sport or cruiser motorcycle, side by side or scooter parts? the honda, yamaha, suzuki and husqvarna-motorcycles of knoxville parts counter staff at our tennessee location is your parts replacement resource with years of experience and a deep inventory of honda, yamaha, suzuki and husqvarna-motorcycles parts. 


    honda yamaha suzuki and husqvarna-motorcycles of knoxville's showroom is stocked full of accessories, functional & casual apparel, footwear, helmets and more from premiere manufacturers icon motorsports, arai, hjc, oakley, klim, fox racing, dunlop, michelin, river road and many more.


    want great service? we offer repair and maintenance on all brands we carry at our tn shop. our service department, second to none, with a factory and customer recognition track record to prove it. your honda yamaha suzuki and husqvarna-motorcycles service staff is factory trained and certified to repair honda, yamaha, suzuki, husqvarna-motorcycles and motor trike inc,. 




















contact us





5800 clinton hwy
knoxville, tn
								37912
phone: 865.688.8484
map & hours






follow honda of knoxville on instagram!





like honda of knoxville on facebook!





join our mailing list in knoxville, tn









hours












quick links





new
									inventory
pre-owned
									inventory
get financed
parts department









policy |
				privacy |
				terms |
				site map




copyright© 2025 dealer spike all rights
					reserved




































