








national council on bible curriculum in public schools - home


















homereceive informationis this legal?latest newscurriculumabout us









news articles on two different bible curricula available nationwide for public schools


national council on bible curriculum in public schools - greensboro, nc





ncbcps introduces electronic version of curriculum
delta school to teach bible as english elective
bible classes set for three lubbock high schools
alabama adopts new textbook for academic study of the bible 
texas to teachers:  bible will be taught
chuck norris: bringing the bible back into schools (worldnet daily)
seven georgia school districts follow recommendation of legislature
ncbcps responds to second round of attacks by liberal texas group
actor chuck norris and wife gena join ncbcps board
public schools adopting bible curriculum - yours can too!








   





bible literacy project - front royal, va








war rages over accuracy of bible curriculum - from worldnet daily



the deception of the bible literacy project - from worldnet daily



communitarian heresy in the classroom



you are known by what you say and the company you keep!



dr d james kennedy on the blp textbook



dr john hagee writes about bible literacy project textbook



media's "go-to" man on religion in public schools has confict of interest



blp textbook contains anti-biblical material



withdrawal of bible literacy project endorsement by paul m weyrich



vp southern baptist convention still says no to bible literacy project






















 
dear friend,
 
a program is underway to serve the public through educational efforts concerning a first amendment right and religious freedom issue. this is to bring a state certified bible course (elective) into the public high schools nationwide.
 
the curriculum for the program shows a concern to convey the content of the bible as compared to literature and history. the program is concerned with education rather than indoctrination of students. the central approach of the class is simply to study the bible as a foundation document of society, and that approach is altogether appropriate in a comprehensive program of secular education.
 




the world is watching to see if we will be motivated to impact our culture, to deal with the moral crises in our society, and reclaim our families and children.
 
please help us to restore our religious and civil liberties in this nation.
 



elizabeth ridenour
president ncbcps


to date, our bible curriculum has been implemented in 3,500 high schools in 41 states. over 650,000 students have already taken this course nationwide, on the high school campus, during school hours, for credit.
 

















ncbcps introduces electronic version of curriculum






the national council on bible curriculum in 
public schools introduces electronic version of their curriculum for 
public schools — lubbock, texas high schools vote to implement this 
curriculum over two others


greensboro, n.c., feb. 10, 2011 / christian newswire /
– the national council on bible curriculum in public schools (ncbcps) 
is introducing the electronic version of their course "the bible in 
history and literature." this version will be for students to use on 
their school computers and will include not only the text from the 
original textbook, but it also includes movies, dvds, and slides.
 
this electronic version has already been greatly welcomed in public 
schools. the lubbock, texas school board voted to implement the national
council's (ncbcps) curriculum over two other curricula that were 
available. (see article below)


	lubbock avalanche - journal
	published: friday, may 21, 2010
	joe gulick

bible classes set for three lubbock high schools

two new elective courses to be taught during the next school 
	year at lubbock, monterey and coronado high schools will involve 
	students' using a famous textbook chosen by the texas legislature - the 
	bible.
 
a literacy study of the old testament will be offered in the 
	fall semester, and a similar new testament study will be taught in the 
	spring of 2011, according to misty rieber, coordinator of social studies
	for the lubbock independent school district.
 
offering the courses wasn't a decision made on the level of 
	local school districts. house bill 1287 from the 2007 texas legislature 
	requires texas school districts to offer the courses to students in 
	grades nine through 12 if enough students show an interest in taking 
	them.
 
the bible courses will not be taking a religious perspective, rieber said.
 
"what it says in the law is that the purpose is not to 
	proselytize but to look at the history and literature connections from 
	the bible to our society and our culture," she said.
 
the texas education agency set 15 students who sign up for 
	the courses as the minimum number for sufficient student interest, 
	rieber said.
 
that was no problem at lubbock high, monterey and coronado, 
	where a combined number of more than 100 students have signed up for one
	or both of the bible courses, rieber said. some of the schools may even
	have more than one section of the courses.
 
however, there haven't been enough students at estacado to warrant the courses, she said.
 
"things change over the summer, but as it stands now, they 
	just didn't have enough students with room in their schedules," rieber 
	said.
 
that was the same circumstance at lubbock-cooper high school,
	which will not offer the bible courses, said jo ellen henderson, 
	lubbock-cooper director of public information.
 
like estacado, lubbock-cooper is a 3a high school with a much smaller student body than 5a schools lubbock, monterey and coronado.
 
the bible classes aren't being planned at frenship high 
	school, said andy penney, frenship independent school district director 
	of public relations and information.
 
"at this time, we don't have enough interest to offer a course like that for 2010-11," penney said.
 
most of the lubbock isd students who are planning to take the
	courses signed up for both semesters, but a few of them were only able 
	to fit one of the courses into their schedules, rieber said. any 
	students from freshmen to seniors are eligible to take the courses.
 
"typically it would attract upperclassmen because it is a 
	special topics course, which means it is an extra elective for 
	students," rieber said.
 
although the bible is the primary textbook of the literacy 
	courses, there is a supplemental text as well: "the bible in history in 
	literature," published in 2007 by the national council of bible 
	curriculum in public schools.
 
the lubbock school district appointed a bible literacy 
	curriculum committee of six teachers who are voting members and two 
	administrators who are non-voting members. the six voting members of the
	committee chose the supplemental text, rieber said.
 
the committee members were split between backgrounds in 
	history and in literature (english/language arts), but they did a good 
	job of combining the two perspectives, rieber said.
 
"they were professional and respectful of one another's opinions," she said.
 
the committee members chose the text from three choices eligible for consideration.
 
"they picked the one they thought would best meet the needs of the classes," rieber said.
 
-- reprint courtesy of the lubbock avalanche-journal --


the national council on bible curriculum has had its bible course implemented in 3,500 public high schools to date. over 650,000 
students have taken this course nationwide.
 
for further information on how to get this bible curriculum in public schools, please call 336-921-0070 or visit www.bibleinschools.net



 






main menu




home
where implemented
founding fathers
video endorsements
youth network
donate
contact us







to date, our bible curriculum has been implemented in 3,500 high schools in 41 states. over 650,000 students have already taken this course nationwide, on the high school campus, during school hours, for credit.






bible scholarsadvisory council




view the members (pdf)





our textbook










teaching the bible in schools - a comparison - part ii by chuck missler (pdf)
teaching the bible in public schools: a review of two textbooks by gary vaterlaus - answers in genesis (pdf)






from rabbi daniel lapin



click to view pdf













© 2007-2024 national council on bible curriculum in public schools   all rights reserved.

				 




