




home - colorado college































































skip to main content 



























sign into cc
sign in



campus directory
directory



a-z index






















athletics
|
fine arts center
|
tutt library
|
the peak


















menu




 apply
						
								

 visit
						
								

 give now
						
								



 search colorado college
						
								




sign into cc

|


campus directory

|


a-z index



athletics
|
fine arts center
|
tutt library
|
the peak



about cc

welcome
the block plan
diversity at cc
success after graduation
campus map



admission & aid

office of admission
student financial services
request information
visit campus
connect with us
take a virtual tour
virtual opportunities
start my app / applicant portal
cc bound



academics

the curriculum
academic requirements
majors & minors
departments & programs
faculty
more academics

advising hub
colket center for academic excellence
global education & field study
tutt library




campus life

student life
athletics & recreation
campus activities
dining
housing & residential experience
support services
more campus life

career center
collaborative for community engagement
outdoor education
student employment




news & events

cc stories
campus event calendar
academic calendar
commencement



giving & connecting

giving to cc
alumni
parents & families
the peak
volunteer








 apply
					

 visit
					

 give now
					
































it's currently
block 6
february 17 - march 12






fall


spring


summer





                                                1
                                            



                                                2
                                            



                                                3
                                            



                                                4
                                            



                                                5
                                            



                                                6
                                            



                                                7
                                            



                                                8
                                            



                                                a
                                            



                                                b
                                            



                                                c
                                            






what's a block? block blogs



 






about the block plan



instead of taking multiple classes at a time, cc students study one class at a time, for three-and-a-half weeks. learn more about the block plan 








cc life









caricature artist "eyer" illustrates guests on feb. 8 during the fac spotlight series, which featured 1980s, 90s and 2000s-themed arts and crafts, board and video-game areas, a bar and buffet, museum comedy tours and dancing. photo by jamie cotten / colorado college







                          caroline cullinane '27, the winner of the tiger look-alike contest shares the prize on feb. 7 at cornerstone during the first annual tiger look-alike contest. photo by jamie cotten / colorado college







caroline cullinane '27 dressed as a tiger and walked the catwalk on feb. 7 at cornerstone during the first annual tiger look-alike contest. photo by jamie cotten / colorado college







students zinnia voss, guitar, and maya mossanen, bass, perform on feb. 5 during "music at midday" at packard hall. music at midday is once a month, free of charge, and provides both a professional platform for musicians and breath of fresh air to listeners. photo by jamie cotten / colorado college







luca zoeller ’27 plays bass on feb. 5 outside packard hall. zoeller said he plays outside every afternoon weather allows. photo by jamie cotten / colorado college







   students anya potsialdo '27, sophia murphy '27, and leila campbell '27 finish the ss regatta race with their cardboard and duct-tape boat on feb. 1 at schlessman natatorium. over 50 students took part in the regatta which is part of second saturdays, a series of events the second saturday of every block, that include pickleball tournaments, baseball and more. photo by jamie cotten / colorado college







                          students and others exercise on jan. 22 at the adam f. press fitness center, which was bustling given the single-digit temperatures outside. photo by jamie cotten / colorado college







                          isa hussain '21, left, and lucky bommireddy perform on jan. 24 at coburn gallery in worner. hussain created and performed his exhibit, "beneath her feet," which was a unique combination of art, dance, interaction and reflection for an audience of around 50 who sat mesmerized on folded blankets on the floor. photo by jamie cotten / colorado college






previous



next
























cc stories










anthropology




anthropology alum published in science












colket center




from miami to the world stage: cc’s model un is shaping future diplomats












communications




 johanna blickenstaff joins cc as vp for strategic communications & marketing












interdisciplinary




film by cc alum featured at sundance film festival












economics & business




all-american tiger hoops star returns to teach half block












commencement




cc celebrates winter commencement grads












interdisciplinary




sociology and femgen classes influence alum to join colorado legal services












athletics




sold out gold pan game to be televised throughout u.s. and canada













discover more stories 









happening on campus






28
 tues., jan. 28, 12–1:30 p.m.
public interest fellowship program (pifp) partner fair


4
 tues., feb. 4, 12–1:15 p.m.
faculty lunch block 5: preparing early career teachers to thrive: sustaining purpose, navigating tensions, and cultivating self-care - tina valtierra


4
 tues., feb. 4, 3–4 p.m.
live from packard hall faculty artists concert


6
 thurs., feb. 6, 3–5:30 p.m.
job talk and discussion: kevin irakoze


6
 thurs., feb. 6, 7–8 p.m.
visiting writers series: rachel hanson


7
 fri., feb. 7, 6:30–8 p.m.
tiger lookalike contest


13
 thurs., feb. 13, 1–7 p.m.
letters from the battlefield by jacqueline lundquist


24
 mon., feb. 24, 7–9 p.m.
pádraig ó tuama: the borders of belonging: exploring belonging in times of conflict and uncertainty


26
 wed., feb. 26, 3:30–5 p.m.
authors and creators reception





explore more events 









colorado college recognizes and honors the original inhabitants who first settled in the area and who called the nearby highest mountain “tava,” the original name given by the ute people to what is now known as pikes peak. at cc, we respect all peoples and strive to grow as a unique and welcoming community.









colorado college does not discriminate in its treatment, access to, admissions to, 
employment in or administration of its educational programs, admissions policies, 
scholarship and loan programs, athletics programs, employment practices, or in any 
other college programs or activities on the basis of race, creed, color, caste, religion, 
national origin, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity or gender expression, 
perceived gender, sexual preference and sexual orientation), marital status, disability, 
veteran status, age, genetic information, or any other applicable status protected by federal, 
state, or local law. for additional information, see 
colorado college’s full notice of non-discrimination.



















14 east cache la poudre st.
							
colorado springs, co, 80903
						


 (719) 389-6000
							



map
&
directions











students


faculty & staff


alumni


parents & families





accessibility


campus safety


careers at cc


consumer info


diversity


privacy policy


civil rights & title ix














































