



 

home - imert | illinois medical emergency response team imert | illinois medical emergency response team
















































  for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.  click here for instructions how to enable javascript.













about us

faqs
photo galleries
annual reports
501c3 nonprofit


join

prerequisite training
position descriptions
pediatric care medical specialist team


courses
news
disaster preparedness

at home
at work
at school
children & disaster
community preparedness






 


 





 search
 join
 login










we area 501c3 not-for-profit organization of medical volunteers trained to respond to disasters.  our mission is to assist local healthcare providers by providing triage and emergent medical care during disasters.
more info 

imert works to support illinoisby maintaining 24 hour operational readiness to lend medical assistance in times of disaster throughout the state


when disaster strikeshow will you help? 
join today 

we are looking for specialistsfrom all disciplines – medical, it, communications, logistics, safety and mental health


volunteers augment their skillsand receive disaster response training









federal acs toolkit 3rd edition

federal healthcare resiliency task force toolkit

acs toolkit







imert's temporary medical treatment station guide

information imert has developed on alternate care site and temporary medical treatment stations operations and planning

imert's tmts planning guide







join us

you can be part of the team and help your community in a time of need

join today











 



imert’s mission
imert, the illinois medical emergency response team, is comprised of volunteers from every region of the state. these individuals come from the medical and emergency response community as well as the private sector. the volunteers train to respond to communities impacted by disasters that result in the paralysis or destruction of the healthcare infrastructure. the primary mission is to assist local healthcare providers with triage and interim emergency medical care while aiding with patient transfer/evacuation. conditions are often austere, requiring responders to be self-sufficient.
imert has responded to numerous emergencies, disasters, and high risk/high profile events around the state.
the imert program is multi-faceted and is capable of a flexible, scalable medical response. the other crucial piece for response capability is the logistics component. this group is comprised of volunteers with special skill sets such as; information technology, communications, ham radio operators, materials management, scene safety, and resource management.
join today!




 
 
public health emergency


 

public health emergency 


national weather service


 

national weather service 


illinois road conditions


 

illinois road conditions 


 



 




 news





 
 


read more 




follow us on facebook





 upcoming events




                                courses                            
imert team training: operational logistics – 2/28


operational logistics team training: this training is for all imert members. the newly enhanced imert logistics courses are designed to boost logistical readiness for emergency deployments. it covers essentials areas such as convoy operations, communications, equipment handling, and safety.  the course includes scenario-based drills focused on real world situations, such as managing radios, gator driving,…


friday february 28, 2025 - friday february 28, 2025
10:00am - 2:00pm

                            imert warehouse and training center2806 corporate pkywalgonquin, il, 60102, united states                            

more information 




                                courses                            
imert team training: operational logistics 3/1


operational logistics team training: this training is for all imert members. the newly enhanced imert logistics courses are designed to boost logistical readiness for emergency deployments. it covers essentials areas such as convoy operations, communications, equipment handling, and safety.  the course includes scenario-based drills focused on real world situations, such as managing radios, gator driving,…


saturday march 1, 2025 - saturday march 1, 2025
10:00am - 2:00pm

                            imert warehouse and training center2806 corporate pkywalgonquin, il, 60102, united states                            

more information 



view all events









contact us
imert 501c3
acs and tmts planning tools
 


 search
 join
 login









privacy policy – terms & conditions | 
 © 2025 imert | illinois medical emergency response team. all rights reserved.



 
 








search for:








