atlanta restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in atlanta by diningguide
homeaboutcontactatlanta restaurantsmobile versionen españoladd your restaurant (free) suggest a restaurant bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > atlanta home pageatlanta restaurantsrestaurant posts“just like in italy, food and family come first at your pie.”“your pie pizza restaurant of fayetteville uses hand-tossed dough, fresh ingredients, home…”posted by: your pie - fayetteville“hooters makes you happy”“sports bar & grill chain famous for chicken wings served by waitresses in short shorts. …”posted by: hooters“falling rabbit is a family-owned restaurant”“falling rabbit is a family-owned restaurant in duluth, ga that offers a unique fine-dinin…”posted by: falling rabbit restaurantrestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“friendly neighborhood spot.”betty, decatur - “a friendly, welcoming place... in the neighborhood feel. bo…”said about: bambinelli's“very friendly and helpful staff and kim, the manager”member, mardi , hiram - “several friends (6 to 8) and i attend a meeting every fr…”said about: panda express“keep your money!!!”member, chontelle, marietta - “never again!!!run run run...i was a regular custom…”said about: china palacewe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)


welcome to metroguide.network's atlanta diningguide, a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan atlanta, georgia.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find atlanta restaurants by location or cuisine. try our dining search box (above), to look for a particular name or address, or use our atlanta overview map (at left), to jump to dining options.

the bountiful region where gone with the wind's scarlett o'hara vowed never to go hungry again yields not only abundant opportunity for traditional southern plantation classics like buttermilk fried chicken and gravy but also a growing array of chic ethnic eateries and establishments for haute culinary exploration of dishes from french to thai. collard greens may just well arrive on your plate with lemon twists and sesame seeds, and pork shoulder may show up with gorgonzola polenta.  open since 1928 near the georgia tech campus and billed as the world's largest drive-in, the varsity churns out made-from-scratch favorites like fried pies, chili and fries, called strings. for tea in atlanta, you'll need to specify unless you want it chilled and sweet.




diningguide atlanta is part of metroguide atlanta, 
offering guides to events, shopping, nightlife, hotels, attractions and more for the entire region.

atlanta dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan atlanta 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown atlanta
restaurants located in downtown atlanta, home to underground atlanta, the cnn center and the world of coca cola pavilion

·midtown atlanta
midtown and the tony virginia - highland areas host numerous dining options with various types of cuisine

·greater atlanta
dining options in the greater atlanta area, generally outside the ring formed by i-285

·perimeter ne
dining options to the northeast of the city center along i-285, which forms a perimeter around atlanta

·perimeter nw
restaurants to the northwest of the city center, just off i-285, such as marietta

·atlanta airport - college park
restaurants near the william b. hartsfield international airport (atl), including the college park area

·buckhead
a charming neighborhood located just to the north of midtown atlanta that features many fine dining options

·athens, georgia metro
dining options in nearby athens, georgia and the surrounding areas

atlanta dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
americanamerican - casualasianbarbequebraziliancajuncaribbeanchinesecoffeecontinentaldelicatessenfine diningfonduefrenchfusiongreekhealthy - naturalindianinternationalitalianjapanesemediterraneanmexicannew worldnorthern italianpizzeriaseafoodsouthernsouthwesternsteakthai
to return to the diningguide atlanta home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at atlanta restaurantsthe psychology of a murderer live theatrical performance… performance - theater city wineryfri 5/16/25 moe mitch comedic performance live… performance - comedic city winerysat 1/25/25 avery sunshine alternative music performance… music - alternative rock city winerysun 2/23/25 mon 2/24/25 more...jon b. r&b / soul music performance… music - soul / r & b city winerysun 1/26/25 mon 1/27/25 syleena johnson r&b / soul music performance… music - soul / r & b city winerythu 1/30/25 fri 1/31/25 spellling pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal the earlfri 5/2/25 « top of pageadjacent links:diningguide ashevillediningguide athens, georgiadiningguide augusta, georgiadiningguide columbus, georgiadiningguide maconrelated links:diningguide albany, georgiadiningguide savannahother links:diningguide tallahasseemetroguide.network > diningguide > atlanta home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide atlanta are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionsmore locations...full map



atlanta restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritesthe taverngeorgia grillecity grill restaurantwatershedbenihanaeno restaurant & wine barsage on sycamoregilbert's midtown food & drinkfogao gaucho - downtown atlantashaun'swhitlock's bar & grillcarrabba'shot stixfirewater chophouseurban flats


