




  






farmingdale chamber of commerce - home - farmingdale chamber of commerce, ny
























 









 toggle navigation    






about

about us
board of directors
committees
photos
contact us
memorials


directory

member center

member login
renew your membership
join the chamber
member directory
member benefits
member to member deals
certificate of origin
member referral program
member spotlight submissions
ribbon cutting request
tutorials



what's new

daler deals
farmingdale blog
join the chamber's mailing list
news
job postings



events

events list
events calendar
submit public event



links

farmingdale village
nassau county, ny
nys government
suffolk county, ny
town of babylon
town of oyster bay


member login
join the chamber



















































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events





































































































                                                    the nutty irishman 20 year anniversary celebration!  photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation
                                                










                                                    grand opening of planet nugg!  photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation
                                                










                                                    farmingdale gymnastics 15th anniversary celebration!  photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation
                                                










                                                    grand opening of well kneaded massage li
                                                










                                                    ny connection verizon grand opening
                                                










                                                    lodestar children's services grand opening
                                                










                                                    casa stellina grand opening!
                                                










                                                    diane dilorenzo / allstate 40th anniversary ribbon cutting!
                                                










                                                    costello's ace hardware grand re-opening! photo courtesy of marketing masters ny.
                                                










                                                    captree clam ribbon cutting. photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation.
                                                










                                                    pyoor skin grand opening.  photo courtesy of candice donofrio
                                                










                                                    mignone’s masonry 35th anniversary! photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation
                                                










                                                    starkie bros garden center 30th anniversary celebration!  photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation
                                                










                                                    ismash grand opening! photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation
                                                










                                                    grand reopening of coldwell banker american homes. photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation.
                                                










                                                    grexicana grand opening! photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation
                                                










                                                    papa's pizza grand opening.  photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation
                                                










                                                    fireplace gallery grand opening! photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation
                                                










                                                    family of kidz grand opening.  photo courtesy of bill moseley, bba photography
                                                










                                                    grand opening of your home sold guaranteed realty services.  photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation
                                                










                                                    necromantic brewing grand opening 
                                                










                                                    angela's bra boutique grand opening
                                                










                                                    photo courtesy of bill moseley, bba photography corp.
                                                










                                                    farmingdale adult day care 25th anniversary ribbon cutting
                                                










                                                    scrubz grand opening! photo courtesy of william moseley/bba photography corporation
                                                










                                                    memorial day services on the farmingdale village green vfw post 516 and al post 449.  photo courtesy of dan kornfeld/2sk marketing & public relations
                                                





















welcome to the farmingdale chamber of commerce






centrally located in "the heart of long island", the farmingdale chamber of commerce uniquely encompasses both nassau and suffolk counties, the towns of babylon and oyster bay and the incorporated village of farmingdale. the chamber is dedicated to building a better business community together while striving to preserve the quality, character and vitality of farmingdale, new york 11735.































president's message






joining the farmingdale chamber of commerce isn’t just a membership—it’s a game-changer for your business! whether you’re running a brick-and-mortar shop, an online store, or a home-based business, the chamber opens doors to incredible opportunities. imagine gaining access to exclusive networking events, promotional platforms, and a community of like-minded business owners who want to see you succeed. we’re here to help you grow your visibility, connect with customers, and take your business to the next level. when you join, you’re not just signing up; you’re stepping into a powerhouse of support and resources designed to fuel your success.
if you’re a home-based business, this is your moment to shine! the chamber helps you stand out and be seen, even without a physical storefront. with our social media spotlights, event partnerships, and member directories, you’ll gain the exposure and credibility you deserve. customers love to support businesses that are active in the community, and being part of the chamber instantly sets you apart. plus, your membership doesn’t just benefit your business—it also helps support meaningful community causes. from charitable initiatives to events that bring our town together, your membership dollars go further by contributing to efforts that make farmingdale a better place for everyone.
don’t wait for opportunities to come to you—join the chamber and create them! together, we can make farmingdale the ultimate hub for businesses of all sizes. let’s grow, thrive, and make an impact—starting today!

516-449-2028 cell
516-845-4700 office












































new members

































upcoming events






























 
 









connect 












































































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events












thank you to our premier sponsor






















events









news









join today









find a member

















please support the chamber's fhs scholarship fund







  














click here for farmingdale discounts!

click here for farmingdale's map



























our mission
the farmingdale chamber of commerce, inc. is dedicated to "building a better business community together" and to serve the heart of the greater long island business area. the farmingdale chamber of commerce, inc. pledges itself to the following goals.

to further the mutual interests of all organizations in their relationships with town, county, village and state governmental agencies.
to promote the passage of legislation serving the best interests of our businesses and community.
to promote inter and intra-area buying of products and services.
to promote beautification of the local industrial and commercial community.

 


















join today
start benefiting from your chamber membership today. sign up today and get your business more exposure. connect and grow your business with the chamber.

join today
 

















directory







deals







map







news







events















 farmingdale chamber of commerce

  po box 1166, farmingdale, ny 11735

  516.286.7800

  inbox@farmingdalenychamber.org






© copyright 2025 farmingdale chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.













 


