



movies - the new york times
  




















skip to contentskip to site indexmovies today’s papersupported byskip advertisementartsmoviesmovie reviewsinterviewsoral historywhat to watchanatomy of a scenethe projectionistawards seasonhighlightswhy everyone is still talking about ‘paddington 2’with the third movie now in theaters, let’s look at how the 2018 film became a sleeper hit, thanks to hugh grant’s villain and its showstopping end credits. by sarah bahrcreditwarner bros. pictures, via associated pressbaftas: ‘conclave’ wins best film in the latest awards season shake-up“anora” and “the brutalist” also took home major prizes at the british equivalent of the oscars, tipping the scales again. by alex marshallcreditfocus features, via associated pressoscars rewind: how ‘american beauty’ lost its lusterat the 2000 academy awards, the film won five oscars, including best picture. then came 9/11, a tanking economy and kevin spacey. by sarah bahrcreditlorey sebatian/dreamworksisabella rossellini: model, actress, ethologist, oscar nomineea scene-stealing role in “conclave” brought her unexpected acclaim, and tears, at age 72. but she has built more than a life onscreen. by melena ryzikcreditthea traff for the new york timeschiwetel ejiofor on the shakespeare play that ‘revolutionized’ himthe “bridget jones: mad about the boy” actor talks about the ways john coltrane, paul cézanne and chimamanda ngozi adichie influence him. by kathryn shattuckcredityara nardi/reutersmy tenwatching ‘shoah’ in berlin, 80 years after auschwitza commemorative screening of the monumental documentary came as some artists are questioning whether germany’s holocaust remembrance culture stifles free speech. by beatrice loayzacreditles films alephcritic’s notebookmarvel’s new ‘captain america’ is no. 1, despite a backlash and poor reviews“captain america: brave new world” was expected to take in $100 million from thursday through monday in north america. by brooks barnescreditmario anzuoni/reutersfive science fiction movies to stream nowthis month’s picks include unleashed libidos, striking animation and strange underground caves. by elisabeth vincentellicreditvertical7 new movies our critics are talking about this weekwhether you’re a casual moviegoer or an avid buff, our reviewers think these films are worth knowing about. by the new york timescreditalex bailey/universal pictures/peacockadvertisementskip advertisementlatestsearchsearchclear this text inputkim sae-ron, a young south korean actress, is found deadthe 24-year-old star, once a prolific child actor, appeared at the cannes film festival and on netflix, until a drunk-driving incident in 2022 derailed her career.by jin yu youngleer en español tramell tillman of ‘severance’ gives himself a performance reviewhis character, the smiling menace mr. milchick, has more responsibility in season 2. he also has more of the spotlight.by sarah bahr theater to watch at home: ‘uncle vanya’ and an alice childress revivala bare-bones chekhov, a critically acclaimed revival of “the wedding band” and the cult tv series “smash” are all available for streaming.by rachel sherman ben whishaw, as paddington once more, is here to make you feel betterwith “paddington in peru,” the british actor voices the beloved bear for the third time. his calming charm remains the franchise’s calling card.by brooks barnes critic’s notebooka great james earl jones role that can finally be seena restored version of charles burnett’s 1999 movie “the annihilation of fish” opens at the brooklyn academy of music after being virtually unshown for 25 years.by ben kenigsberg critic’s notebookis the ‘bridget jones’ movie making you nostalgic? try ‘crossing delancey.’this 1988 rom-com, starring amy irving, joins the criterion collection this month. but it has been warming hearts for decades.by jason bailey catching up with captain americaneed a refresher before seeing “captain america: brave new world” in theaters? we explain what has been going on with the superhero.by christopher kuo documentary lens‘the strike’: when collective action leads to prison reformthe film focuses on a series of hunger strikes organized by those incarcerated at california’s pelican bay state prison, in protest of conditions in highest-security prisons.by alissa wilkinson critic’s pick‘the annihilation of fish’ review: a gem that’s worth the waitthe director charles burnett’s deeply humane, singular film from 1999, starring james earl jones, is finally receiving a theatrical release.by manohla dargis ‘the gorge’ review: how deep is your love?miles teller and anya taylor-joy don’t exactly meet cute in this action movie, but they do find romance as well as horror.by glenn kenny page 1 of 1012345678910advertisementskip advertisementsign up for the movies update newslettera roundup of the latest reviews, releases and more. every friday, stay on top of critics’ picks, blockbusters and independent films.sign upadvertisementskip advertisementsign up for the watching newsletterget recommendations on the best tv shows and films to stream and watch.sign upsite indexsite information navigation© 2025 the new york times companynytcocontact usaccessibilitywork with usadvertiset brand studioyour ad choicesprivacy policyterms of serviceterms of salesite mapcanadainternationalhelpsubscriptionsmanage privacy preferences













