

















shell building – shell building












































 925.376.0881
 info@shellbuildingsystems.com
 










home
about
sips

commercial
residential


rok-on
awards
gallery
contact



request a quote 










sustainable. energy efficient. high performance construction solutions for all your building challenges
























structural insulated panels (sips)

a modern alternative to traditional timber-framed construction, sips function as the structural element for walls, roofs, and suspended floors. at shell building systems, our approach is to inform and provide owners, designers, and construction teams with sustainable solutions customized for each building structure. we aim to reduce the total cost of construction by applying smart return on investment, decreasing life cycle costs, and increasing profitability. our solutions optimally exceed calgreen building codes and title 24 regulations, and significantly contribute to ‘net zero energy’ consumption. sips are greatly advantageous for their properties including


reduces labor by 65% plus
water resistance& non-toxic
acoustic & thermal insulation
fire and termite resistance
eco-friendly and efficient

 









we are specialized in






commercial
contemporary building solutions for fit-for-purpose commercial properties that require reduced construction time and are cost-friendly, energy-efficient, and durable.
learn more




residential
 innovative home solutions where comfort, health, and energy conservation converge and result in suitable houses that stand stronger, straighter, and greener.
learn more




custom modular
prefabrication construction solutions that allow modular homes to be built in a factory and then assembled at the building site facilitating quicker turnaround times.
learn more










commercial and multi-family  sips structure 

sips are the present and the future of framing. for more than 40 years, shell building systems has provided sips design, engineering, fabrication, distribution, training and installation for high-performance residential and commercial properties all across the world. from the freezing winters of far east russia, the sweltering summers of florida to ocean-front california, sips have withstood changing weather conditions and proven to be energy efficient and structurally superior.
shell building systems has successfully installed sips solutions for single-family homes, adus and multi-family structures including townhomes, duplexes, condominiums, large-scale apartment buildings and student housing. we have also worked on several commercial projects like corporate offices & retail spaces, hospitality accommodations, restaurants, learning centers, schools and daycares, health clubs and recreational centers, and government buildings.   













successful projects





















































load more















download our brochure to read more about our qualifications


download brochure 
















what we offer


shell building systems offers innovative construction solutions that use state-of-the-art building materials and a customized planning and development approach to fit the requirements of residential and commercial projects. we provide:

sip consultation
cost comparison analysis
consultant and trade assistance
sip design and engineering
pre-construction meetings with gc & subs
third party installation, rough framing & general contracting
shop drawing reviews
product distribution and receivership
on-site technical & sip construction management support to general contractor
 








sbs achievements
































green builder 2020 home of the year award
the best of green building palo alto apartment, ca

the palo alto apartments green status starts with its six-inch sips, which shell building systems president greg koepf says are "the foundation for the project's efficiency and structural integrity."
from there, there is a micro-zoning high-efficiency hvac system with heat pump, all led high-efficiency lighting when needed the natural day variety is emphasized as much as possible high efficiency glazed windows, and video monitoring in common areas throughout the all-electric home.














copyright © 2021 | al rights reserved 



menu

home
about
rok-on
awards
 




quick links

technologies
sips
services
gallery
 




our location

1340 bollinger canyon rd. moraga, ca 94556
925.376.0881
 



 get in touch with us




 



















