





home









home










archive


meetings


news


participants


working groups and excursions


products


publications


search












    latest news: please join us at pragma 40 - october 9-12, 2024 and get an update on our current activities. 



welcome 


     the pacific rim application and grid middleware assembly (pragma) is a
     community of practice comprising individuals and institutions from around
     the pacific rim that actively collaborate with, and enable, small- to
     medium-sized groups to solve their problems with information technology.
     key to pragma's success is the active involvement of participants in
     scientific expeditions, technology development, student engagement, and
     outreach to new communities.
  
  
    
     attending our workshops is an ideal way to become familiar with what
     pragma does, and how we interact as a community of trust. we invite you,
     your students and colleagues to explore this site, visit our partner
     sites, and attend future workshops (which do not carry a registration
     fee). we look forward to seeing you there!
  
current activities

  please check our current list of collaborative activities here.  we welcome
  your participation!

  
about

   
  the pacific rim application and grid middleware assembly (pragma)
  is an international, distributed community of practice for 
  technology and approaches that supports the long tail of science, namely
  enabling small- to medium-sized international groups, to make rapid progress
  in conducting research and education by providing and developing international, 
  experimental cyberinfrastructure.
  
  
  
  to realize this mission, pragma's current activities include four
  interrelated activities:
  
   

fostering international "scientific expeditions" by forging teams
              of domain scientists and cyberinfrastructure researchers who
              develop and test information technologies that are needed to solve
              specific scientific questions and create usable, international-scale, 
              cyber environments; 
developing and improving a grassroots, international
              cyberinfrastructure for testing, computer science insight and,
              advancing scientific applications by sharing resources, 
              expertise and software;.
infusing new ideas by developing young researchers who gain
              experience in cross-border science and by extending 
              engagements with strategic parterns;
building and enhancing the essential people-to-people trust and
             organization developed through regular, face-to-face meetings -
             a core foundation of pragma's success.


 operating principles and procedures







quick links 


» pragma overview


» operating principles and   procedures


» benefits


» participants


» leadership


» sponsors


» contacts




upcoming events 


» pragma 40
october 9-12, 2024
         penang, malaysia










pragma is supported by its members institutions.  previous support from the united states national science foundation 
        included awards nsf oac 1234983, oac 0627026,  oise 0314015, 
        and oise 0216895. any opinions, findings, conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are 
        those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the national science foundation.
      


sponsors
contacts






techdocs







