


igeneration






















    
	igeneration
	
  
digital communication & partcipatory culture





friday, november 04, 2005



	 
	 all good things ...
	 
    


congratulations to you all, you've reached the end of the course!  that's right, all the assignments are done, the seminars are complete and your marks will be with you in the near future.if you've not done so already, i encourage you to listen to each others' podcasts; they're all very impressive and well worth listening to.  the comments function on this blog will remain open to you (and only to students from this course), so please let each other know what you like (and to make suggestions for future podcasts in case anyone wants to continue their fine work in another context).  anyone else reading this, feedback/comments/complaints about this blog or course can be emailed to me (or comments regarding individual podcasts can be made to the email addresses listed in the respective shownotes).in a little while i'm going to make a final post and then let this blog become a slightly more static part of the digital realm.  andrew, gwyneth, hilary, liz and kaori, can i ask that if you've any future online interactions regarding this course, you use the comments (which are still automatically email to me), not new posts, or, even better, go forth and start your own blogs!  i'll be leaving this blog and all its course material up online in case it can prove of use to other people for whatever reason (from an online resource, to a skeleton for a new course, to ... well, whatever you like as long as it respects the creative commons license under which this course & blog are made available).finally, can i end on a personal note by saying i've enjoyed running this course immensely and, as with all good teaching experiences, feel i've learnt as much from you all as (i hope!) you've learnt from me.  of course, your travels in, and productions of, participatory media by no means conclude with the end of the course.  indeed, given the talent you all possess, i'd be mightily surprised not to see some other very impressive productions in the future (be they blogs, podcasts, books, scripts or whatever else you set your minds to).  thanks for a fabulous semester and best of luck with your future endevours!  (and feel free to drop by my blog and let me know how your journeys are going ...)[fireworks photo credit: jono kenyon (under a creative commons license).][tags: igeneration | university | uwa | communicationstudies]



posted by unknown at 2:20 pm
7 comments






thursday, october 27, 2005



	 
	 simpsons: the igeneration podcast
	 
    


by liz and hilary :d episode: one – cape feare and participatory culture     shownotes   -time scale           [x] (0-1.17)  introduction to the igen[x] (1.20-1.40) how to set up your video with our audio[x] (1.40- 24.15) part 1: the alternative commentary[x] (24.16-27.51) intermission podsafe: cruisebox – tell the fcc to stick it (squeaky clean remix)[x] (27.51-53.28) part 2: discussion       -links     [x] part 1: - the simpsons official website [link]    [x] intermission:    - podesafe [link]- cruisebox- tell the fcc to stick it (squeaky clean remix) [link]    [x] part 2:          - wired news: tv tries shaky hand at podcasting [link]- listology: best fan commentary tracks [link]- wizard people, dear reader by brad neely (not harry potter) [link]- toner mishap: the simpsons – with “audio description” [link] - scifi.com/ battlestar gallactica [link]- fox podcasts accessed through itunes podcasts, itunes website link [link] - igeneration honours seminar unit references [link] - the signal podcast [link]- star wars fan film awards—only on atomfilms [link]- wired news: blogging + video = vlogging [link]-audacity: free audio editor and recorder [link]   [x] exegesis:   - in an attempt to be innovative and participatory our exegesis was written with the help of writeboard by 37 signals [link]  - our exegesis writeboard [link] which needs our password to access please email request at fluffylittlebunny@gmail.com (nb: if we allow access through use of our password we do not wish our last version to be edited without our permission– if you edit it prepare to face certain angry consequences)      exegesis (nb: our exegesis was also covered in the discussion [part 2] of our podcast, but for the sake of completeness we have also written this as well.) our simpsons podcast consists of two parts. the first part is a alternative audio commentary of the season five episode cape feare, while the second part consists of a wider discussion relating to the use of podcasts for purposes such as commentaries, and a consideration of participatory culture and the simpsons. our alternative commentary aims to make the viewer aware of the underlying themes of the simspons and how it is constructed in a context of other cultural media products. when creating our audio commentary we attempted to maintain a relaxed tone normally associated with this form, yet also incorporate educational comments associated with our topic. we situate the simpsons in a time when the audience is becoming more aware of mediums and the effects this awareness has on the mediums productions. this is because with the invention and availability of new technologies, individuals have made the transition from mass consumers of media, to producers. consequently as producers, we have become more active in every interaction with media. hence, the simpsons acts out audience expectations of the television medium and others, and creates a reflexive and self-referential product to be interpreted. our discussion explores the effects and potentials of participatory culture further in how it is related to our simpsons podcast. we note that the simpsons can be seen as a step in the gradual move to more ‘participatory’ cultural products. we consider star wars to be the least participatory, followed by the emergence of the simpsons which moved towards a move openly culturally reflexive form and finally battlestar gallactica (bsg) being our example of embracing participatory culture. bsg does so by its acknowledgement of participatory culture’s emergence in the form of podcasts and fan interaction. our podcast can be situated amongst the other fan produced audio commentaries, and also with the podcast phenomenon by amateurs seen through itunes. fox broadcasts official simpsons’s podcast failed due to a poor use of audio, and here we see once again that the fans are the most successful innovators in the era of participatory culture and the potentials for audio offered by podcasts. in conclusion, our podcast is participatory both in the fact that it is a participatory cultural product (being a fan produced podcast) and also due to its reflection on participatory issues within the simpsons as a medium. our discussion highlights the position of podcasts and their role in the further development and possibilities related to audio and participatory culture. bibliography alberti, john, leaving springfield: the simpsons and the possibility of oppositional culture, detroit, mi: wayne state up, 2004. xxxii, 344 pp. contemporary approaches film and television series   groening, matt, vitti, john and moore, rich, “cape feare” on the simpsons: the complete fifth season dvd collector’s edition, 20th century fox home entertainment 2005   jenkins, henry, “interactive audience?” in the new media book, dan harris (ed), london: bfi publishing, 2002, pp. 157-170     other info:   “cape feare” original airdate information on fox network (us): 9f22 october 7, 1993. written by john vitti. directed by rich moore    we also wish to point out that our podcast tone and informal yet educational atmosphere was influenced by the ‘podfather’ himself, namely adam curry. we attempted to follow his lead in successfully creating a podcast that was clearly understandable and interesting, yet did not sound too rehearsed or scripted. to hear his famous daily source code follow the [link]      disclaimer   this podcast has made all attempts to acknowledge copyright licences and works/audio cited. it was produced by students for assessment and not for any financial gain, and should be interpreted as homage to the simpsons. any infringement on copyright or other authors’ rights is unintentional and will be resolved upon notification.[ilecture/lectopia download - mp3 - 36.7mb][tags: podcast | mp3 | thesimpsons | commentary | westernaustralia | uwa]



posted by fluffylittlebunny at 9:44 pm
6 comments






wednesday, october 26, 2005



	 
	 rich and the rural podcast
	 
    


rich and the rural:a podplayshownotesthe players;voice-over: tamasindi: gwynethcarlos: lewisbrad: michaeljackson: gwyneth againstefan: marksindi's mother: glendabethany: allisongirl in thehospital: emmarescue dog: herself*gaggle of ducks: themselves** please note: no animals were harmed during the production of this material... seriously.many thanks tothe orchestra;rich and the rural theme; 'passion fruit (go bananas!)' by brain buckitbrad's bad boy theme; 'rumble groove' by george fletcher – bourbon renewalsindi's love theme; 'around the bend' by adrina thorpebehind the times tv theme; 'keep the home fires burning' by madly jadlybad driving theme; 'mannequin' by cats and jammersintermission theme; 'tedeebedibbedib' by fluox speelt fluox all of whom reside at http://music.podshow.com/index.phpalso, thanks tothe sound effects crew;http://www.freeaudioclips.com/http://www.soundamerica.com/rich and the ruraltime line:00:00:37 - rich and the rural theme; passion fruit (go bananas!) by brain bucket00:01:45 - episode one: the phantom hair00:02:35 – bad boy brad returns: rumble groove by george fletcher – bourbon renewal00:04:00 – in which carlos is interrupted in the spa00:05:33 - in which sindi stalks about in her backless gown00:06:50 - sindi's love theme; around the bend by adrina thorpe00:09:00 - behind the times tv theme; keep the home fires burning by madly jadly00:10:43 - bad driving theme; mannequin by cats and jammers00:12:20 – intermission theme; tedeebedibbedib by floux speelt floux00:12:36 – in which the creator (of the podcast, not the world) gives a short, but impassioned intermission speech encouraging a radio play comeback00:14:14 – intermission end00:15:40 – in which the rescue dog makes a tragic sacrifice00:17:34 – in which a gaggle of ducks come to an untimely end00:18:00 – in which the final non-fatal road accident of the episode takes place00:18:17 - rich and the rural theme; passion fruit (go bananas!) by brain bucketexegesis:podplay: making the oldnew again"when we discover in this world no earth or rock to stand or walk upon but onlyshifting sea and sky and wind, the mature response is not to lament the loss of fixitybut to learn to sail."james boyd white(7)the development of new technologies offers individuals an unparalleled opportunity to take creative production into their own hands. the internet enables writers and musicians to achieve public exposure independent of whether their work is deemed acceptable by mainstream mediating forces, such as publishers or record label executives (6). that these materials now flow more freely about the globe via websites and peer-to-peer networks raises new challenges for individual artists, and creates perhaps an even more complex environment in which to locate and foster relationships with like minded creators (2). that being said, it also creates opportunities for cooperation between individuals who may never otherwise have had access to each other.a radio play comeback which utilizes podcast technology could provide the mechanism to bring both creators and fans together in new ways. musicians, writers, actors and technophiles would have the opportunity to participate in something which combines their talents, rather than each occupying a separate sphere in cyberspace. there are already music podcasts and writers forums, encouraging creative people to bring their talents together could diversify existing online networks and also pool their audiences, thus increasing public exposure for all. sometimes, in order to find something new and unique you need to glance back at what was once lost, find it again, and look at it with new eyes. early radio drama began with the dramatization of classic novels and plays, pioneered by the bbc in 1923 (3), before expanding into scripts written specifically for the medium (4). the start was slow, as audiences had to come to appreciate the radio play as a unique genre, rather than a poor copy of the stage play or film serial (giddings, p.9). the process for the radio play podcast, or podplay, would probably be similar, except this time it would have to prove itself against television and commercial radio, the very technologies which flagged its demise in the first place.the competition between visual and the strictly auditory media has previously gone in television's favour, however the success of podcasting signals a new era in which a desire for mobility and flexibility of experience gives the radio play a new lease on life (1). there is already a flourishing new audience for the intimacy of the voice (5), the amateurish rustling of paper, the occasional glitches or mistakes, this is what podcasting audiences have already learned to love (6). the serialized nature of podcasting mirrors the radio play narrative, the episodic "come back next week" which keeps the audience returning for more. rich and the rural is one form, and admittedly something of a parody of itself, but sometimes broaching something new is best done through humour. my hope is that this podplay will get someone's attention, who will then sit down and make their own, which is listened to by someone else who does the same, and so on. it is material which is free to produce, it's fun, and it will expand interpersonal networks across the internet. best of all, if someone does not like it, they cannot pull you off the air. now that is participatory culture.sources*:beck, a. point-of-listening in radio plays. sound journal, 1998.<http://www.kent.ac.uk/sdfva/sound-journal/beck981.html>(accessed 24/10/05)bugeja, m. inter-personal divide: the search for community in a technological age.oxford: oxford university press, 2005.giddings, r. and keith selby. the classic serial on television and radio.new york: palgrave, 2001.hagedorn, r. "doubtless to be continued: a brief history of serial narrative" in to be continued: soap operas around the world. [ed.] robert c. allen. london: routledge, 1995.larriaga, j. a listening audience for radio theatre? entr'actes, 2005.<http://entractes.sacd.fr/en/listening_audience.php>(accessed 24/10/2005)newitz, a. adam curry wants to make you an ipod radio star. wired magazine, 2005.<http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/13.03/curry.html?pg=2&topic=curry&topic_set=>(accessed 24/10/05)reinhardt, m. the art of being free: taking liberties with tocqueville, marx, and arendt. london: cornell university press, 1997.* appologies for slightly clunky footnotes, my computer refuses to play nicely with others...the end...for now[ilecture/lectopia download - mp3 - 13.2mb][tags: podcast | radioplay | podplay | humour | comedy | richandtherural | westernaustralia | uwa]



posted by gwyneth at 9:56 pm
6 comments






sunday, october 16, 2005



	 
	 good lecture
	 
    


i recently caught john doyle giving the andrew ollie media lecture on abc tv, and it was great. ostensibly about his experience of the media, doyle manages to cover everything from big brother to the future of the media with insight and humour. highly recomend a listen for anyone needing a break from study which doesn't involve mind numbing reality television! (not that there is anything wrong with that) don't bother with the transcript, go audio.available at: http://abc.net.au/sydney/stories/s1476723.htm



posted by gwyneth at 2:27 pm
2 comments






wednesday, october 12, 2005



	 
	 week 12: participatory culture then, now and tomorrow
	 
    


welcome to your final seminar for igeneration!  this week we've got two large case studies and three short(ish) articles to look at.  the first case study focuses on the citizen media responses to hurricane katrina's aftermath mainly from us commentators and mainly from a left-wing perspective.  there are lots of links in the five-part aftermath post, but have a look at as many as you can.  the second case study is (shock, horror) looking at the way the film serenity was marketed and promoted both from the production side and by fans.  read "that serenity post..." first, and then take a look at the other media listed (one produced by fans, one by universal).  finally, you've got three readings which will help us sum up the course (a few questions about these are below).case study i: citizen media responses to hurricane katrina's aftermath[x] katrina: the aftermath, the politics & citizen media [part i] [part ii] [part iii] [part iv] [part v][x] kayne west political mashup: "george bush doesn't care about black people" by the legendary k.o.[x] george bush don't like black people: the music videocase study ii: citizen media/fandom & finding serenity[x] that serenity post...[x] the signal podcast (listen to any episode, or part of one at least)[x] fifth & final serenity/firefly viral movie clip: session 416, first excerpt (watch at least one of the clips)the final readings[x] sonja haller, "ipod era of personal media choices may be turning us into an isolation nation", the arizona republic, sept. 12, 2005.[x] danah boyd, "remix is active consumption not production", apophenia, october 08, 2005.[x] chris anderson, "the long tail", wired, 12.10, october 2004.some questions to think about for the seminar:[1] is participatory culture, mashing up and citizen journalism really all that new?  what does danah boyd think?[2] does participatory culture online offer a wider world of individual choice and expression or is it being subsumed as a marketing model?  what does the selling of serenity tell us?  how different is the producer-released material (or "guerilla marketing" stuff) versus fan-created cultural items (the "grassroots media)?  should we fear "astro-turfing" (the attempts by big media to manufacture a fan 'buzz' where one does not already exist)?[3] does the long tail reflect a more dynamic system of media, consumption and production or it is just capitalism finally figuring out the internet?[4] finally, how large a role do you think citizen journalism and citizen media will play in the next ten years? (why?)final blog post:when you make your final reflective post this week, can you please also comment on the course as a whole: did it work as a coherent unit for you?  what worked best?  what didn't work?  any suggestions about things that should be changed?



posted by unknown at 4:18 pm
13 comments






monday, october 03, 2005



	 
	 major podcast assignment
	 
    


construct an innovative digital audio programme of up to 45 minutes length which explores the medium of podcasting and critically engages with the idea of participatory culture in either the podcast itself or its exegesis. the programme can be of any genre or type, but must comply with copyright restrictions as the file will be made available publicly online.[x] time limit: 45 minutes (unless a longer limit is negotiated with tama before submission).[x] value: 50% of your overall mark for the course.[x] due on cd: before 5pm, thursday 27th october, to be submitted with printed shownotes (and printed exegesis if one is created), release forms, and with a cover sheet to the english, communication & cultural studies office[x] due online: before 9am, friday 28th october, you must post your detailed shownotes (and exegesis if written) to the course blog (your podcast will be manually added to your shownotes once processed by the ilecture system).(nb: you must submit in both formats for your audio programme to be marked).you must submit:[1] a copy of your full audio programme on compast disc. the show must be submitted in aiff (apple/sgi 16bit pcm) format. [to produce this file, once your audio programme is completed select export as aiff from the file menu; to ensure you can the correct aiff setting, select file > preferences > file formats > uncompressed file format > aiff (apple/sgi 16bit pcm).][2] your shownotes, which should contain all cited references, a breakdown by time-code of your show (by chapter, scene, interview or whatever other marker is appropriate). shownotes should be submitted in print with your cd and should also be posted to the course blog.[3]an exegesis – if your audio programme allows you to sufficiently reflect on ideas of participatory culture, your exegesis (an explantation of how your programme engages with and explores participatory culture) may be part of your audio programme, but must be clearly marked as such. otherwise, an exegesis of no more than 500 words should be included at the end of your shownotes in both printed and blogged format.[4] all the appropriate presenter release forms for yourself and any interviewees, voice talent, or anyone else appearing in your audio programme.a few hints’n’tips:[x] continually save during audio production![x] test your exported file thoroughly prior to submission. if it has any bits of your audio missing, you will not be given the opportunity to resubmit. (it’s your responsibility to get your exported file into the correct format!).[x] normal citation and plagiarism rules apply. you must cite all sources clearly, not just give urls. (if citing blogs, be sure to use the specific links to each blog post; the overall link to the blog is not sufficient.) if you are in any way unclear about citation or plagiarism, please see tama before you submit your assignment![x] remember, this is a scholarly production at honours level. secondary material is preferable whever possible (even if only cited in your exegesis).[x] when posting your shownotes (and exegesis) to the course blog, please convert footnotes and urls to live hyperlinks (eg don’t just have the text i-generation.blogspot.com, but rather use the link tool in blogger to make sure it’s a clickable link such as http://i-generation.blogspot.com).important points about this assignment1. your written work should be submitted to the eccs office with a cover-sheet attached. please do not submit written work directly to your tutor. (if you do, there may be no official record that the work was ever submitted.)2. in order to satisfy course requirements, students must submit work by the due date. unless an extension of the due date has been granted, late assignments will incur a penalty of 2 marks per working day. (extension requests should be made in writing to your tutor, and will normally require a medical certificate.) a grade of 'nm' will be recorded if no assignment is submitted. no work will be accepted after the end of the examination period (without a formal deferral from the academic student advisor).3. it is essential to keep a copy of your work. in the case of loss of an assignment, notes or an earlier draft cannot be accepted as substitutes.4. please do not write on both sides of the paper.5. whether your work is typed or hand-written, it should be double-spaced. (for handwritten work, this means that you write on every second line.)6. please leave a wide margin in case the marker needs to offer comments and annotations.7. plagiarism please be aware that the work you submit must be your own work with no unacknowledged debt to some other writer or source. to pass off written work as your own, whether you have copied it from someone else or from somewhere else (be it a published writer, another person, a tv program, a library anthology, or whatever) is to deprive yourself of the real benefits of this course and to be guilty of plagiarism. plagiarism is a serious offence! university policy is that plagiarism, the unacknowledged quotation of material from other people's work, is a ground for failure. any work that contains ideas or phrases taken from other works without acknowledgement - plagiarism - will be failed, given the grade of 0 and your name placed on the faculty's plagiarism register. this includes direct quotations, when a section of one text is transposed into another without any changes, and indirect paraphrasing, when the main ideas and arguments of someone else’s work are used. if you take notes from other sources (critical articles, background works, etc) you must quote carefully and accurately, and acknowledge the quotation. even if you paraphrase, you must still acknowledge that you are paraphrasing. this is very important!



posted by unknown at 5:01 pm
0 comments






sunday, october 02, 2005



	 
	 word 'blog' is mentioned on dilbert
	 
    


its been a while since dilbert entertained this blod, so here you go: (sorry its so small, blogger wont let me make it any larger!)



posted by fluffylittlebunny at 9:24 pm
1 comments






friday, september 30, 2005



	 
	 traditional media vs new media
	 
    


check out this interesting example of collaborative writing vs traditional one person journalism on wikipedia!wiki editors and contributors have edited a esquire article!! which will then be printed in esquire magazine....for more info go and have a look :)



posted by fluffylittlebunny at 11:08 am
0 comments






wednesday, september 28, 2005



	 
	 group outing
	 
    


no i'm not talking about that kind of outing, unless we all want to come out and claim ourselves to be members of participatory culture!!! :p *hahaha ok that wasn't that funny*  anyway...since everyone is keen on having a group movie thingy of serenity, and since tama has hinted heavily that it may appear in our last seminar...what do people think about october the 11th, (a tuesday for cheap tix)location: innallootime: evening session of choice?  just thought i would get the organisational ball rolling...any suggestions?  :)



posted by fluffylittlebunny at 1:36 pm
2 comments






sunday, september 25, 2005



	 
	 somebody help me!
	 
    


finished! (above)ok, andrew/gwen, i'm looking at you guys!! please for the love of participatory culture will you help me figure out this cube game!!!!! *cries* i was peacefully doing uniwork, until i was caught unawares by this game and it is driving me insane since i cant complete it!!!below is a picture of how far i managed to get....er above for some reason the picture loaded there!help! my sanity hangs in the balance!



posted by fluffylittlebunny at 9:09 pm
7 comments









	 
	 participatory culture eat your heart out!!!
	 
    


can i believe this? could it get any better?yes it could....but this is nevertheless fantastic and related to two of our seminar topics!yes, adam curry is knocking out two birds with one stone, making his dsc podcast shownotes a wiki!!!!!!!! (its like my two fav's have come together *sigh's contentedly*)so, not only do we now have participatory culture in terms of the show being a podcast, but, its actual shownotes are being written and updated by the listeners, who are posting interesting links or thoughts on some of adam's topics (which he admits on occasion he has little knowledge about).i could of exploded with complete amazement when he mentioned the idea of wiki shownotes on dsc #244.... simply because it fitted in so well with what we have been discussing.it's so satisfying to be talking about these things on our blog and in discussion's in our seminar's and then to actually witness people within a specific aspect of 'participatory culture', actually do something that brings a number of our interests together!anyway my fellow blogger's, why don't you have a look here at the wiki... it's only just been born, so don't be too harsh in your judgements....as big kev would say, "i'm excited!"edit 29/09/05 : they now have set up an alternative wiki that is based on wikipedia using wikimedia's wiki template.  this appears to be the one being used, just thought i would tell you since this new one is easier to understand/navigate etc....not that anybody appears to have been interested in this post! :p



posted by fluffylittlebunny at 3:25 pm
0 comments






friday, september 23, 2005



	 
	 noob alert
	 
    


given our penchant for supporting the online participation of enterprising young citizens, i thought i'd share this unique site with you all: http://www.purepwnage.com/index.htmlif you do watch some of the clips i highly recommend you go in chronological order... it will probably make most sense to obsessive gamers, but even 'noobs' (innocent and inept new gamers) can appreciate the humour. good stuff.



posted by gwyneth at 4:23 pm
4 comments






tuesday, september 20, 2005



	 
	 a few things ...
	 
    


[1] don't forget your peer reviews of each other's critical evaulations are due to be posted as a comment to the respective person's critical evaluation you were assigned before 5pm, friday september 30th.[2] please download and test audacity before out meeting on october 5th ... if you have questions about setup or how it works that session will be the ideal time.  the more you've tried, the more you'll know it you've got questions/problems.[3] the session on october 5th will be held in the collaborative learning studio (2.31).  half the time will be looking at audacity (hopefully guided by your questions); in the other half, you're pitching your idea for your research podcasts (please have thought through your idea before the class ... you'll get the most out of the session if you've already thought through the immediately obvious issues!).  also, don't forget to have a listen to my prototype podcast to get an idea of the background to podcasting and some ideas for your own.[4] i think the idea of you all heading to serenity is a great one (obviously it's not a requirement for the course, but i think you'll all enjoy the film if you get a chance ... and don't forget to think about how the "you can't stop the signal" ethos relates to the course!).finally, have a great break!  i'm overseas until october 4th, so any emails sent during the break may not get a response until then. have fun!



posted by unknown at 4:25 pm
1 comments






friday, september 16, 2005



	 
	 awesome audio
	 
    


in light of fox's release and their rating in the top 100 podcasts on itunes, i would just like to say the simpsons podcast and family guy podcast, are undoubtedly the worse use of audio ever! how not to do a podcast.  in comparison, check out this awesome use of audio.....



posted by fluffylittlebunny at 12:28 pm
2 comments






thursday, september 15, 2005



	 
	 critical evaluation exercise
	 
    


this discussion will be evaluating the signal, a podcast established by fans of the soon to be released film serenity, and assessing its role in relation to digital communication and online fan participation. *podcasting is a new form of digital communication which links directly to the growth of what henry jenkins terms "participatory culture." this movement is a result of new technologies which break down barriers between producers and consumers, and allow "average citizens" to enter into the media marketplace (jenkins). the reduction of costs, the expansion of choice, and the increased freedom to create and share are all part of this new technological environment, "a new style of consumerism" in which everyday people are actively involved in the "annotation, appropriation, transformation, and recirculation of media content" (jenkins). where a listener of traditional radio can only listen to content programmed by others, usually including commercial advertising, podcasting allows the home audience to mold their own individual audio program and share it on the internet. virginia heffernan explains podcasts as "... little radio shows that people create on the cheap; you can download them at no cost from the web, and listen to them whenever you want." the individual at home needs only a connection to the web, a microphone and basic software to create their own podcast, while the online audience can pick and choose exactly what they want from a wide variety of programs. it is all made even easier by the use of the really simple syndication (rss) system, which can be used to locate and update your favourite podcasts automatically from the web onto the computer.the signal is a podcast created by a group of fans for the unabashed promotion of the television series firefly and its upcoming feature film serenity. the creators' aim is to make online converts while explicitly calling on existing fans to spread the word about the series and the film. the podcasts are a combination of audio clips, music from the series, interviews with stars, comic features, and updates of serenity related news, separated at intervals by the hosts' enthusiastic discussion of the material. an interactive element is added by hosts reading out and discussing e-mail responses from fellow online fans, as well as the provision of shownotes and links with each episode.this podcast is part of a much larger community of fans whose passionate involvement with the 2001 television series firefly was the reason universal pictures agreed to join creator joss whedon in making the feature film serenity. neva chonin, claims that "'serenity's' existence is a testimonial to the tenacity of fans and the power of the internet, where [fans] have spent the past three years inspiring converts, drafting petitions and even kibitzing with the 'firefly' cast on bulletin boards." now that the movie is nearing release, fans are engaging in a 'guerrilla marketing' campaign to ensure its commercial success. during the fourth podcast of the signal a segment devoted to 'guerilla marketing' techniques was premiered, with details on how fans can manipulate the international movie data base's (imdb) ratings system in order to get serenity in the top ten list after its release. the segment is framed in terms of serenity fans being involved in an "underdog story" emphasising the need to "keep talking," to spread the word to all their friends and lend out dvd's of the canceled series. the podcast creators show a clear self awareness of fan influence, as well as a critical understanding of the systems of power which operate within the film industry.this particular case of fan involvement is an example of the changing relationship between fans and media producers. rather than pursuing the usual million dollar advertising campaign to promote their movie, universal pictures and creator joss whedon turned to their fan base for support. given that the television series was not on screen for long, and not a significant main stream success at the time, the commercial success of the movie depends on moving beyond the already established fan community (chonin, 2005). whedon is very conscious of the power of grass-roots promotion, and is "actively recruiting [fans] as guerrilla publicists" (chonin). the official serenity fan website, browncoats, gives members points and prizes for the creation of advertising materials and the recruiting of new fans. whedon explains, "it's a viral thing, encouraging them to encourage other people to see it... 'serenity' doesn't have tom cruise... or any of the other things marketing people latch onto" (chonin). jenkins agrees that this emerging recognition of the inter-dependance of fans and media products, has resulted in "cult" material being "consciously produced, designed to provoke fan interactions" (2002). while it remains to be seen if whedon and universal's approach will lead to success for serenity, it has already proven successful in the sales of firefly dvd's.it can be argued that the extent to which fans are willing to invest in an online project, such as the signal podcast, depends on their sense of being a part of something larger, a collective, in which their contribution has value and is appreciated. the web facilitates a much greater level of personal involvement from fans than previously offered in print forms such as fanzines. anita blanchard's discussion of how a "sense of community" may be present in virtual space highlights four important characteristics, including: feelings of membership; influence; integration; and emotional connection. all of these aspects are present within the signal, and are often explicitly discussed. the concept of membership is associated here with a shared experience of firefly fandom, something which bonds individuals together regardless of gender, ethnicity, or geography. the influence of individual fans within the community depends only on their willingness to get involved, as the hosts' often reiterate that any contribution to the cause of firefly or serenity is appreciated. integration is achieved through a network of associated feedback systems between online fan projects: fans visit each other's sites; post comments; share information; email; and join in on message boards. the emotional investment within the community is an area where whedon and the actors involved are closely linked with fans. unlike many public figures whedon has cultivated a personal relationship with fans which has created a sense that he is more a cult hero than corporate media producer. the signal plays interviews and speeches by whedon and his actors in which they profess a great sentiment, not only towards the cast, but towards the fans who support them, sometimes to the point of tearful breakdown. after chatting with one of the actors for a podcast, host kari haley claimed that watching her dvd felt inexplicably "different" as a result, a measure of the significance she placed on the personal interaction.a controversial aspect of podcasting, which remains unclear at the present time, is the extent to which copyright laws will apply to the everyday podcaster in the future. the signal not only plays pieces of music and audio from the firefly series, but clips from the unreleased movie, as well as full film trailers. given whedon and universal's genial attitude to fans this is unlikely to ever cause a problem, but the future of unauthorised audio use by the increasing number of podcasting individuals world wide is less secure. ernest miller comments that "... when people are doing their own little radio shows... they’re going to quote from a sound clip from a favourite tv show or from another radio show... it’ll become a question of whether or not using these small quotations of sound are going to be fair use". john buckman, owner of an online record company, says "my fear is that podcasters will be seen as broadcasters and will be clamped down on in the same way internet radio was". similar to file sharing, which was unregulated at first, podcasting appears destined to face off with copyright law as it builds a greater following. carly didden, from collegiate broadcasters, inc., concedes that "copyright law has yet to catch up with the technology of podcasting". didden suggests that as the existing quality and quantity of podcasts increase, so will the licensing requirements, "today podcasts are free to download, may be commercial-free, and are unregulated, in the future, at the risk of turning away listeners, podcasters may add commercials or charge fees in order to pay for bandwith or copyright licenses" it remains to be seen whether fan podcasts such as the signal will be able to continue, as is, in subsequent years, or whether they will be forced to curtail their content.the signal podcast is part of an online community which is making use of new technologies in ways which develop social ties and support common interests. through the creation of their own model of promotion these individuals are involved in the reconfiguring of popular culture from the world of big business into the more emotive networks of human discourse. both the individuals involved and the larger media economy is served by such fan involvement, although this developing relationship may be challenged in the future by copyright restrictions.references:blanchard, a. blogs as virtual communities: identifying a sense of communityin the julie/julia project, into the blogosphere. ed. smiljana antonijevic, laura gurak, laurie johnson, clancy ratliff, and jessica reyman, 2004. <http://blog.lib.umn.edu/blogosphere/blogs_as_virtual.html>(accessed 10/9/05)browncoats: official serenity fan site, universal studies, 2005. <http://browncoats.serenitymovie.com/serenity/>(accessed 10/9/05)chonin, n. when fox canceled 'firefly,' it ignited an internet fan base whose burning desire for more led to 'serenity', san francisco chronicle online, 2005. <http://sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/c/a/2005/06/08/ddgqjd4d2o1.dtl&type=printable>(accessed 10/9/05)correy s. music of the blogospheres, radio national background briefing, 2004. <http://www.abc.net.au/rn/talks/bbing/stories/s1233531.htm>(accessed 10/9/05)didden, c. podcasting legal issues, collegiate broadcasters inc., 2005. <http://www.collegebroadcasters.org/podcast.shtml>(accessed 10/9/05)guerilla marketing – serenity discussion boards, serenitymovie.net, 2005. <http://signal.serenityfirefly.com/signal.php>(accessed 10/9/05)haley, k. and les howard (hosts), the signal #4, serenity fan community podcast, 2005.<http://archive4.libsyn.com/podcasts/thesignal/signal_004_20050727.mp3>episode released: 27/7/05. shownotes found at <http://signal.serenityfirefly.com/shownotes/signal_004.html>(accessed 12/9/05)heffernan, v. the podcast as a new podium, new york times, 2005. <http://www.nytimes.com/2005/07/22/arts/22heff.html?ei=5090&en=8eafe5fb29be1a8f&ex=1279684800&partner=rssuserland&emc=rss&pagewanted=print>(accessed 10/9/05)jenkins, h. interactive audiences?: the 'collective intelligence' of media fans,henry jenkins publications, 2002.<http://web.mit.edu/21fms/www/faculty/henry3/collective%20intelligence.html>(accessed 10/9/05)jenkins, h. quentin tarantino's star wars?: digital cinema, media convergence, and participatory culture, henry jenkins publications. <http://web.mit.edu/21fms/www/faculty/henry3/starwars.html>(accessed 10/9/05)the signal, serenity fan community podcast, 2005.creators: les howard, kari haley, j. d. ravatt, kevin bachelder, jill arroway,carolyn parkinson, miranda thomas, rich adams, clay mcclure and jeremy neish.<http://signal.serenityfirefly.com/signal.php>(accessed 10/9/05)young, k. one man band, guardian unlimited online, 2005. <http://www.guardian.co.uk/online/story/0,3605,1532392,00.html>(accessed 10/9/05)



posted by gwyneth at 10:59 pm
9 comments










blog information


this blog is part of the communication studies honours course "igeneration: digital communication & participatory culture" [186.482] run at the university of western australia.  currently, only members of this blog may post comments.  if you have thoughts, comments (or complaints!) about this blog, please contact the course coorinator tama leaver.
(nb: this course has ended, but this blog will remain online indefinitely both as a portfolio of the excellent work done by students and as an exemplar of a unit based around a course blog.)


seminars

week 2: participatory culture 101
week 3: copyright, creativity & the creative commons
week 4: citizen journalism
week 5: the politics of play [andrew]
week 6: wikis - the wikipedia, collective intelligence and communal authorship [hilary]
week 7: machinima: from game platforms to animation studio [gwyneth]
week 8: fan culture & the origins of participatory culture [liz]
 week 11: podcasting: revolutionising radio? [kaori]
 week 12: participatory culture then, now and tomorrow
[course outline & syllabus]

podcasts

proto-proof-of-concept podcast [tama leaver]
rich and the rural (a podplay) [gwyneth]
the simpsons: the igeneration podcast [liz & hilary]
christianity podcast [kaori]
tombcast [andrew]
[major podcast assignment]


critical evaluations

darknet blog [andrew]
the signal podcast [gwyneth]
daily source code podcast [hilary]
creative commons blog [liz]
dan gillmorâs blog [kaori]
[critical evaluation exercise]


links

uwa webmail
communication studies
tama's blog

previous posts

all good things ...
simpsons: the igeneration podcast
rich and the rural podcast
good lecture
week 12: participatory culture then, now and tomorrow
major podcast assignment
word 'blog' is mentioned on dilbert
traditional media vs new media
group outing
somebody help me!

archives

july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005









site counter













unless otherwise indicated, this work is licensed under a creative commons license.
disclaimer: this blog does not represent the opinions of the university of western australia, its employees or anybody else, other than the specific poster.





