


lionhounds rhodesian ridgebacks
















cheryl lantz 2565 fm 731burleson, tx  76028​817-808-1509 celllionhounds@aol.comthis website was created and is maintained by cheryl lantz. no photo is to be used without prior written consent from cheryl. no photo  may be altered by any other person. all rights reserved 1985-2025. 









home 

about us
testimonials
links
registries
our life
the cost of success
big news
5 star reviews


contact us
our dogs 

bred by champions
more champions
great photos
past puppies
prices
in memory
retired dogs


rr health 

rr nutrition
rr history
temperament
ridges
health guarantee
vaccinations
coccidia
puppy mills


puppies 

adults
older puppies
rescues


nuvet plus
show time 

upcoming events
ukc news






































africa- australia-germany-hungary-poland-mexico-russia-slovakia- imported

5 star reviews​
lionhounds
perfection in the making!
available puppies
rhodesian ridgeback







we have dedicated our lives to the betterment, advancement and enrichment of the rhodesian ridgeback breed. our rhodesian ridgebacks are loved like our children, and our passion and our love for our dogs is evident in the following pages on this website. we are constantly striving for perfection, and our litters are the result of careful planning, consistently resulting in champion offspring that are healthy, well-tempered and correct. in doing this, we are providing quality dogs for the future of this breed.on this site, you will find extensive information about the rhodesian ridgeback, including nutrition, health, temperament, standards, and registries. our goal is to educate in providing prospective dog owners with any and all information pertaining to the rhodesian ridgeback, and we welcome your questions. we update this web site frequently, so be sure to check back often. please feel free to contact us by phone or email found on the contact us page. we look forward to meeting all of your needs and answering any questions you might have regarding this wonderful, beautiful, and unique breed. 












hit counter: 4,800,642,763
there is only one lionhounds!





