








welcome | schuster's farm - family fun in southern wisconsin
























































≡ menu
fall festival

hours & pricing
corn maze
pumpkins
food + drink
parties
fall attractions


fall nights

after dark fun
bonfires
haunted forest


attractions
field trips

summer field trips
fall field trips


groups

company outings
parties
social gatherings


summer
contact

contact us
get directions
rules for fun
employment
donations
lost & found
faqs











welcome













 


 




 


 







 




 






 











schuster's farm - deerfield, wi


• summertime:
in 2025 we’ll plant acres of zinnia and sunflowers. come for great photo ops, live music, baby goats and more. see you in august! fun for families, groups and singles in dane county, wi! just a short drive east of madison. plan your visit …




• fall festival:
get lost in an 8 acre corn maze. there are 14+ acres of pumpkins to pick. we’ve got 70+ attractions and lots of farm animals. explore the haunted forest! games, photo props, and live entertainment after dark.










fall festival
pumpkin patch, corn maze, farm animals, bonfires, games, activities — lots of fun!


hours, dates & tickets







fun after dark
flashlite maze & haunted forest! bonfires, activities, games and live entertainment.


go to: after dark ...







eat & drink!
brats, craft beer, pumpkin spice coffee, cider donuts, fudge, caramel apples! hungry yet?


go to: farm cookin'opens september 27 - buy tickets!this week on the farm!


we are closed for our 2024 season! we are now accepting reservations for private functions june-october. we will reopen to the public for blooms on the farm on august 1st.
thank you for choosing our family farm to be your family’s tradition.
















groups
we love to host company outings, parties and social gatherings at the farm.










now booking!
fun school field trips for summertime and also for the fall season!










now hiring!
super-fun farm hands and frightful actors for the haunted forest. go here!










photography
if you want to bring your photographer, check out our photography policy.





summertime fun
blooms, brews and babies!
opening august 1. zinnia and sunflower fields in full bloom, just ready for enjoying! meet playful baby goats. have fun in the backyard playground. plus, great eats and refreshing drinks galore.


find out more ...






 
















			please do not bring your pets or emotional support animals to the farm. ada certified service animals only. thank you.
		
attractions
employment
rules for fun
faqs
donations
lost & found
join our maillist



















	© copyright 2010- by schuster’s playtime farm, inc. all rights reserved worldwidemember of the maize


scroll up 



closed for the 2024 season! see you in august 2025! 














you’ve goat mail!
stay up-to-date with new events and the best deals by subscribing to our newsletter.
no spamming, we promise!






join now






			×			



















