 





























jprestaurants - restaurants and cafés in jersey











































home & book a table
about us
dine with us
stay with us
meetings & events
news
sustainability
gift cards
corporate hospitality
contact us
feedback
work with us
food allergies
tipping & living wage
 restaurants
jersey crab shack
banjo
oyster box
café ubé
 









menu



restaurants



























book a table





























































































































restaurants and cafés in jersey serving fresh, innovative, healthy fish, seafood, shellfish, meat and vegetarian and vegan food in beautiful surroundings for over 75 years.


established in 1946 as a small family owned studio pottery we grew to become one of the island's busiest and most popular tourist attractions in the 1980s.  in the early 1960s a "coffee bar" was introduced to cater to tourists visiting the island, the factory and the showroom.

the original coffee bar was the beginning of jersey pottery restaurants, now called jprestaurants,  which is still family owned and managed by the third generation. our restaurants and cafés in st helier, st brelade, gorey and around the island are some of the most popular restaurants in jersey, serving thousands of customers daily with fresh, local and innovative fish, shellfish meat, vegan and vegetarian dishes. we welcome those with food allergies and have allergen menus for every dish we serve. 


oyster box and jersey crab shack are two of the the island's favourite restaurants by the beach with sea views of wonderful st. brelade's bay and the royal bay of grouville. banjo is a popular cosmopolitan urban brasserie in st. helier just a few steps from jersey's historic food markets. if you are looking for a sandwich, freshly-made soup or coffee to takeaway in jersey, our cafés can be found in three convenient st. helier locations, at jersey airport and elizabeth ferry terminal.  jprestaurants are consistently recommended by our customers as the best seafood, fish and shellfish restaurants in jersey.

a warm welcome, fun atmosphere and the best of jersey's produce awaits you in beautiful surroundings when you choose to eat out, lunch and dine at a restaurant in st. helier, gorey and st. brelade's bay in jersey, channel islands. 




read more 

















jprestaurants








your perfect sunday just got better. discover our 






warm up with a fiery and fizzy hit of ginger from 






jersey apple panna cotta with homemade blackberry 






looking for something to do this half term? take t



 
















our latest news
see all stories 









cupid’s back at banjo!
are you single and looking to meet someone new? or perhaps you just want to expand your social circle in a
read more 












valentine’s dates
perfect valentine’s day dining in jersey
valentine’s day is fast approaching, and what better way to
read more 










email newsletter sign up
sign up to our e-newsletter to be the first to know about news and events happening at jprestaurants.









jprestaurants




                                                            @jprests                                                        




                                                            @jprestaurants                                                        




                                                            @jprestaurants                                                        




                                                            @jprestaurantsjobs                                                        




banjo




                                                            @banjojersey                                                        




                                                            @banjojersey                                                        




jersey crab shack




                                                            @jersey crab shack                                                        




oyster box




                                                            @oyster box                                                        




                                                            @theoysterbox                                                        




café ubé




                                                            @caféubé                                                        













about us
news
jobs
gift cards
loyalty card
contact
accessibility
 

©2025 jprestaurantsprivacy policy
our food allergy approach
disclaimer
cookie law
text only
graphic only
sitemap
faqs
terms & conditions
created at the hideout 






booking for a larger group? please contact your chosen restaurant directly or via this link
















































