




2024 press release – kona marathon events













































skip to main content







kona marathon


27th annual ucc coffee kona marathon slated for june 2025


register 


for immediate release
may 10, 2024
iconic marathon moves back to kona
27th annual ucc coffee kona marathon slated for june 2025
kona, hawaii – the 27th annual ucc coffee kona marathon is moving back to kona after staging the race on the kohala coast for the last few years. the race will take place on saturday, june 21, 2025 with a new resort partner—royal kona resort and spa.
“it’s safe to say that over the past 26 years the kona marathon has had its share of challenges – dealing with covid, location and course changes, volcanic eruptions, and even tropical storms,” said kona marathon race director brent imonen.  “the long-term effects of the covid layoff gave us time to rethink our race. it’s time for a new beginning and we’re excited to go back to our kona roots.”
the 2025 kona marathon races will include the marathon (26.2 miles), kona half marathon (13.1 miles), kona quarter marathon (6.55 miles) and kona 5k (3.1 miles) race. a health & fitness fair and keiki events are planned leading up to the marathon.
mass start
after a long covid hiatus, the mass start is back. feel the excitement. self seed. think you can keep up with the elites? get up front. not so confident of a fast marathon? line up accordingly.
new race course and finish line
the 2025 marathon travel through the heart of kona and back along the famous alii drive.  this scenic course will enjoy flats as well as a few rolling hills along the route.   
the marathon will start at 5:30 am, half marathon at 6:00 am, 5k at 6:45 am and the quarter marathon at 7:00 am.
the course is both runner and walker friendly with a slew of aid stations. aid stations will be located every 1 to 1.5 miles. water, electrolytes, and ice will be at the aid stations with energy shots and energy bars for the marathon and half marathon participants at select aid stations.
the race course will close after 7 hours at 12:30 pm.
great sponsors
ucc ueshima coffee co., ltd. (ucc hawaii) has been the race’s title sponsor for over a quarter century and we’re glad that they’re back with us again. when you’re not getting race ready, consider a ucc estate tour at the foot of hualalai. remember that ucc hawaii’s 100% kona coffee can be shipped anywhere in the world.
kona marathon’s other major sponsors include alaska airlines and royal kona resort and spa.
new resort partner
the royal kona resort and spa located in kona is the perfect respite for your entire family.
book your stay at the royal kona resort and make the most of your kona marathon experience. this picturesque resort boasts a prime location along the rugged kona coastline, providing a serene setting to unwind and prepare for the race. offering newly renovated, well-appointed guestrooms, along with a range of facilities including a beachfront pool, spa services, and convenient dining options, this resort is the perfect choice for participants seeking comfort and convenience during their marathon journey.
health and fitness fair
the health and fitness fair is free and open to the public.
packet pickup and late registration will be at the health and wellness fair. registered participants will need a photo id to pick up your race number, timing chip and event bag.
2025 vendor spaces are available. contact us at konamarathoninfo@gmail.com
rollover athletes
if you’ve signed up for a previous kona marathon that got cancelled because of the covid-19 pandemic, you can roll over your entry into the 2025 marathon or if your 2025 schedule doesn’t mesh, into 2026. we will be sending out instructions to those athletes that were impacted by the cancellation.
if neither scenario works, contact us on konamarathoninfo@gmail.com for a full refund.
get out there. put in your training—long and slow and we’ll see you in kona in 2025.


register 


great sponsors
ucc ueshima coffee co., ltd. (ucc hawaii) has been the race’s title sponsor for over a quarter century and we’re glad that they’re back with us again. when you’re not getting race ready, consider a ucc estate tour at the foot of hualalai. remember that ucc hawaii’s 100% kona coffee can be shipped anywhere in the world.
kona marathon’s other major sponsors include alaska airlines and royal kona resort and spa.











back to top









