





cvisnet foundation inc. - cvisnet foundation inc 





































home


about
              us

foundation

certifications

awards

members




services

solutions as a
                service

web
                projects
web
                hosting
programs



media

latest news

gallery



          contact
      

help center








bridging the digital divide,  empowering communities through ict!

                    cvisnet is described as a pioneering effort by the government and private sector to harness
                    information and communication technology (ict) for productivity and business enhancement solutions.
                

learn more
watch video


























foundation



our mission is to enable communities to create and maintain sustainable, adapted connectivity
            solutions
            for their needs.







we share information and integrate solutions with government, ngos, and professionals.







we provide it services to the government.







we promote e-governance and e-commerce in central visayas.







we bridge the digital divide in underserved communities through ict and capacity building.
                        









partners



















































latest news










cebu's drone industry takes off



 january 24, 2025




                                    juida, in partnership with cit-u, dost 7, and cvisnet, will soon launch the first drone school in cebu!
                                


read
                                    more 









barangay e-system and islet connect in siquijor



 january 10, 2025




                                    the  cvisnet foundation, inc., in partnership with the  dost  siquijor provincial science  and technology office (psto), recently visited three municipalities in the province of siquijor to...
                                


read
                                    more 









2024 igf riyadh



 december 17, 2024




                                    the  19th  annual  meeting  of  the  internet  governance  forum  (igf),  hosted  by  the  government  of  the kingdom  of  saudi  arabia  in  riyadh,  was  held  from...
                                


read more 








more news 






frequently asked questions
















                who is cvisnet foundation inc.?
              



                cvisnet (central visayas information sharing network foundation, inc.) is a non-stock,
                non-profit foundation that utilizes information and communication technology (ict) for
                productivity and business enhancement solutions in the central visayas region of the
                philippines.

              





                when was cvisnet established?
              



                cvisnet started in 1997 as an e-government initiative. it was formally registered as a
                foundation on may 9, 2000, with the securities and exchange commission under sec
                registration no. c200000454.
              





                what are the main objectives of cvisnet?
              



                cvisnet's main objectives are to facilitate information sharing among members, assist
                government units with their it needs, encourage e-governance and e-commerce adoption,
                and bridge the digital divide in underserved communities through ict solutions and
                capability building.
              





                what is the best project?
              



                the barangay e-systems and tools (best) is a cvisnet project that provides comprehensive
                solutions for planning, monitoring, and document generation at the barangay level. it
                includes a computerized record-keeping system for managing residents' information,
                judicial information, and permit generation.
              





                has cvisnet received any international recognition?
              



                yes, cvisnet has been internationally recognized and awarded by the united nations -
                international telecommunications union, the asia pacific economic cooperation digital
                opportunity center, and nippon telegraph and telephone corporation of japan.
              





                how long has cvisnet been operating?
              



                cvisnet has been providing ict services to the public and private sectors for over 25
                years.
              





                who are cvisnet's target beneficiaries?
              



                cvisnet serves both public and private sectors, including government agencies, local
                government units, non-government organizations, professionals, and businesses in the
                central visayas region.
              





                what is cvisnet's vision?
              



                cvisnet aims to be a transformative platform that promotes the central visayas region,
                enhances government efficiency in public service delivery, and serves as a central hub
                for government and non-government operations while showcasing the philippines' ict
                advancements.
              





                how many partners/clients does cvisnet currently serve?
              



                cvisnet currently provides internet and data connectivity to more than 20
                partners/clients.
              
















contact us




















send message















please visit our social media accounts:










useful links

 foundation

 certifications
 members



our services

 solutions
                                as a service
 web
                                projects

 web
                                hosting




contact us

 i. villa st,
                                cebu city, 6000 cebu
 @techsupport@cvis.net.ph

 0917-879-4554









                © copyright cvisnet foundation, inc. 2024. all rights reserved
            















