



emc insurance: business, loss control, bonds, surety and fidelity





















loading...loading...skip navigation menu make a paymentreport a claimcareerscontact uslogin800-447-2295searchhome business you know your business. we know protecting it. overview business insurancebond coverages commercial property insuranceliability insuranceworkers compensation insurancebusiness owners policy industries boat dealersequipment dealersfinancial institutionsmanufacturersprinterscontractorswholesalerstelecommunicationsbreweries and wineries life  loss control resources that empower you to protect what matters most—your peace of mind. overview loss controlinsightsvendorstopics and industriessafety program templatesformsservice brochuressafety briefstech sheets about at emc, humanity isn't just a principle—it's who we are.about emcleadershipcareerscommunity involvementcontact usdeibfinancial strengthnews agents 800-447-2295searcha national carrierwith a local heartfind the right insurance for your business with the support of a local independent insurance agent. zip code find an agent let’s get you the rightinsurance for your businesswhen it comes to running a business, you can’t always predict the future. but with emc’s specialized coverages, you’ll be ready for the unexpected. with our team of experienced and knowledgeable experts by your side, we’ll help ensure your business gets the comprehensive coverage it deserves—because protecting your business is our business. commercial property insurance  liability insurance  workers compensation  business owners policy see all coveragesmanage your policymake a paymentreport a claimloss control resourcesoverviewbrowse by topicinsurance that careswe're a mutual insurance company, dedicated to the good of those who rely on us. because we stay close to our agency partners, policyholders, and communities, we understand the risks and challenges they face. that's why you can trust us to protect your business with personalized solutions and unwavering support.learn morewhy emc insurance committed partnerships  at our core, emc is about people. we never forget that insurance serves a human purpose: to improve the lives of all those who depend on us. that’s why emc is deeply invested in every relationship—to see you thrive is our reward.  collaborative solutions  together with agency partners, businesses and community leaders, we’re a team. we work hand-in-hand with you to better understand your needs so we can deliver the right solutions.  superior cover  because we know our policyholders so well, we’re able to deliver better, more targeted coverages and risk solutions to fully protect your interests.   exceptional services  when you need us, we’re there for you: accessible, professional and responsive. it’s this commitment that keeps our customers choosing emc time and time again.  find a local agentfinding the right business insurance can be overwhelming. let an emc agent help make it easier.  zip code find an agent news & updatesemc's 2023 annual report as a mutual insurance company, our focus is on the well-being of our policyholders, agents and communities. read about how we delivered on our mission to improve lives in 2023 and how we’re keeping insurance human to make doing business with us easier, faster and more efficient. read moreemc expo center to debut at iowa events center on january 1 new 10-year naming rights partnership announced for the 100,000 square foot exhibit hall and meeting space venue in downtown des moines. read moreemc's "excellent" ratings affirmed by am best emc insurance announced today that rating agency am best has affirmed the "excellent" category financial strength ratings and long-term issuer credit ratings for emc insurance and emc life. read moresee more newslinkedininstagramfacebookxyoutube services businesslifeloss control agents quick links make a paymentreport a claimcareersabout uscontact usnews company emc national life companyemc reinsuranceemc risk services, llc contact emc insurance717 mulberry streetp.o. box 712des moines, ia 50306-0712800-447-2295©2025 employers mutual casualty companyaccessibility policyprivacy policylegal noticescustomer notificationsebill clearinghouse inforeport a problem


