




















susan harrison-tustain (artist) | fine art, watercolor & oil paintings


































































 



















mail list subscription
about susan

biography
philosophy
faq


contact

0 items
  
 
 










home

career to date


paintings

24 carat gold and palladium leaf series
figurative paintings
flowers & rose paintings
still lifes
wildlife and bird paintings
miscellaneous
framed paintings


dvds | downloads
shop art & books

original paintings
fine art prints
art books


materials workshops & videos

in-person workshops
online mentoring
video clips
free art lessons
watercolor art materials
oil painting art materials
signature sets
color palettes (watercolor & oil)


publications
blog & news
exhibitions
 


select page


  
 



 



 










fine art watercolor & oil paintings
internationally renowned artist susan harrison-tustain is equally at ease painting in watercolor or oil. as a child she learned oil painting, fascinated by the compelling lighting of rembrandt. later she delighted in the beauty and challenges of watercolor painting. within a short time she was asked to write her own watercolor book by us publishers north light books. it became a best-seller of its type.













for information about susan’s watercolor painting
video downloads & dvds please click on the image above.



for information about susan’s watercolor ebook
please click on the image above.





susan’s world-wide recognition has meant her fine art paintings feature in numerous international collections and prestigious books and magazines. her exhibitions are attended by patrons from many countries as well as from throughout new zealand. she loves to share the joy of painting with budding artists and professionals alike. susan’s watercolor art instruction dvds and video downloads are hugely popular, while her international watercolor workshops help other artists to reach their full potential.

susan’s choice of subjects and the naturalistic realism of her painting style enable her to capture more than a subject – she wants the viewers of her work to feel the emotion within the painting.  she paints with a sensitivity that creates a compelling connection between the subject, the artist and the viewer. her passion is fuelled by the excitement of discovering a new subject, then deciding how best to convey her message as a narrative in paint.

inspired by the stunning works of artist gustav klimt, using gold leaf, susan has used her own ideas and creativity to pursue a new direction: oil painting on 24k gold, silver and palladium leaf. she is incorporating elements of impressionism and surrealism into her paintings and is exhilarated by both the challenges and triumphs painting on gold and palladium leaf can bring.

 
a note from susan:
“welcome to my website. it has been designed for lovers of fine art and for artists who wish to extend their knowledge and passion for painting in a naturalistic realism style.”







instructional art dvd’s and video downloads
click on any of the dvd images below to find more in-depth information on the contents of each of the dvds and video downloads.



dvd: watercolor masterclass volume one: “painting life-like leaves and vibrant greens” – for all skill levelsrated 5.00 out of 5
us$54.50


one-on-one watercolor workshops with susan harrison-tustain – for all skill levelsrated 5.00 out of 5
us$54.50


painting watercolor my way with susan harrison-tustain – for all skill levelsrated 5.00 out of 5
us$54.50


watercolor portrait workshop with susan harrison-tustain – for all skill levelsrated 5.00 out of 5
us$54.50






 

 








copyright 2017 www.susanart.com    |    all rights reserved    |    website designed by kaizen web
 

 
 
 


 



 






subscribe to susan's newslettersjoin my email list to receive the latest news and updates on upcoming exhibitions, workshops, dvd/download releases, promotions, art tours, painting hints and tips and more.
 











subscribe!






thank you for subscribing!
privacy policy





































































 







