






birds amoré











backyard birds
birds 101
critters
habitat
home
search
slide shows
sounds
video clips


 



what's inside birds amoré
to see a small sample of what you will find inside birds amoré, check out our new lightbox feature. move your mouse over one of the lightbox headings and nine thumbnail images appear. when you move your mouse over one of those thumbnail images, the image doubles in size. clicking on an image takes you to the designated web page.



backyard birds
















critters
















101 & habitat
















video clips


















 

a certified backyard wildlife habitat
we are a national wildlife federation (nwf) certified backyard wildlife habitat located in waldport, oregon. what does a "certified backyard habitat" mean? when you provide "food, water, shelter and places to raise their young" in your backyard (or school or place of business), the requirements to become "certified" are met. at this point, you can contact nwf and start the simple process of having your property certified.
why is habitat important?
creating an eco-friendly backyard helps promote our native habitat and preserves it for future generations. we are losing species on a daily basis because we don't provide proper habitat. take a look at our bwh, the birds, the critters, watch the backyard videos, check out the beginning backyard bird tutorial and read more about the power of habitat.

hummingbird migration
click on the image below to watch the 2009 migrating rufous hummingbirds choreographing to music. this video shows 4 of the 12 feeders at the habitat.

this property is a hummingbird habitat and hub for the hummingbird migration. it has taken 10 years to establish a dependable hummingbird feeding ground where over 100 hummingbirds come to feed during the spring migration. it is critical habitat that the hummers depend on. besides having anna's hummingbirds and rufous hummingbirds, we have also seen the broad-tailed hummingbird at our backyard wildlife habitat.
sound and video clips
check out our new sound collection. each sound file shows a waveform and spectrogram of the sound.

check out nearly 100 animal behavior video clips.

walk on the wild side
step inside birds amoré and explore the possibilities of what a certified backyard wildlife habitat 
can do for the wildlife and you. and when you hear birds singing in your backyard, you can smile and say, "now, that's amoré!" that's love. 
enjoy our journal and enjoy the journey.

according to the u.s. fish and wildlife service, 
birdwatching is now a hobby of 47.8 million americans, 
with wildlife watching up 8% from 2000 to 2006.




     



 



topic index


backyard birds
images & information


birds 101
backyard bird tutorial


critters
images & information


habitat
food, water & shelter


slide shows
babies, combos & flickers


video clips
birds & critters




 

contact | 
support | 
home | 
links | 
search | 
site index | 
viewer submissions

copyright © 2001-2011 jorrie ciotti. all rights reserved. no reproductive rights granted.


