






department of computer science and statistics – college of arts and sciences











































skip to content





search



searchbox






university of rhode island


you

future students
students
faculty
staff
parents and families
alumni
community















			department of computer science and statistics		

college of arts and sciences







uriarts and sciencesdepartment of computer science and statistics

home
about
academics
staff
research
news and events
contact








there are no boundaries
you are not afraid to think outside your comfort zone and stick with a problem until you find a solution. we'll help prepare you to be a collaborator, an algorithmic thinker, and a data-fluent innovator who will thrive in a rapidly changing field.

the department of computer science and statistics provides a supportive, well-integrated center of multidisciplinary learning and research. our faculty integrate computer science, statistics, data science, and cybersecurity while reaching beyond departmental boundaries to collaborate with scientists, artists, health care researchers, historians, and engineers across the colleges at uri. our students grow as professionals, scholars, and citizens because they receive a strong foundation and hands-on experience in the field.

see all of our courses


undergraduate programscomputer science is a vibrant and rapidly changing discipline. our undergraduate curricula are aligned with the acm & ieee 2013 curriculum guidelines. courses in machine learning, computer vision, and secure programming add to the core problem-solving expertise needed in diverse industrial settings. experiential learning provides students a practical and rounded curriculum.
graduate programsthe department offers m.s. and ph.d. degrees in computer science and statistics, a graduate certificate in cyber security, and a psm degree in cyber security. our programs are committed to meeting the needs of both industry professionals and full-time graduate students. for selected full-time students, the department may offer teaching and research assistantships that pay a stipend and cover tuition, fees, and insurance.
researchthe department of computer science and statistics supports the work of scholars and students who are adept in taking an agile, interdisciplinary approach to solving problems. as our department encompasses both computer science and statistics, the areas of research specialization are wide-ranging.
international programcomputer science in the internet age is an international field with an ever-increasing need for multilingual, interculturally savvy professionals. the computer science department collaborates with uri’s international engineering program (iep) and the department of languages to offer the unique international computer science program (icsp).


announcements and jobs
indrani mandahl honored as rhode island monthly tech10 recipient (12/3/2024) - congratulations to associate teaching professor indrani mandahl as one of two members of the uri community recognized among rhode island monthly’s 2024 tech10 and next tech generation award recipients for their exceptional contributions to technology and education.two computer science students honored at uri black scholar awards (5/8/2024) - computer science students amoy scott and warith balogun were honored monday at the uri black scholar awards. scott received the sojourner truth award for scholarly persistence and dedication, presented to a senior in recognition of success despite dire financial, physical and/or personal problems that would ordinarily impede progress, and balogun received the earl n. smith, […]marco alvarez, transforming research and higher education with generative ai and foundation models (4/4/2024) - when: friday april 5. – noon-1 p.m. where: bliss 190 this talk delves into the transformative potential of generative ai and foundation models in both scientific research and higher education. foundation models represent a seismic shift in ai capabilities, empowering researchers to analyze data, generate hypotheses, and uncover knowledge with unprecedented efficiency. trained on vast […]
more






connectapplytourgive 






university

leadership
diversity and inclusion
global
campuses
safety




campus life

housing
dining
athletics and recreation
health and wellness
events




academics

undergraduate
graduate
advising
libraries
internships








facebookinstagramxyoutube 




work at uri
public records
web accessibility

copyright © 2025 university of rhode island | university of rhode island, kingston, ri 02881, usa | 1.401.874.1000
uri is an equal opportunity employer committed to the principles of affirmative action.


















