



lonesome day records | bob seger bluegrass tribute | silver bullet 
bluegrass












































lonesome day records presents



lonesome day records’ 
					much-anticipated all-star tribute to rock legend bob seger, 
					silver bullet bluegrass,
					
					rolls out today on vinyl, cd and all streaming 
					platforms. the 13-track album, distributed by sony/the 
					orchard, is the brainchild of label head and producer 
					randall deaton (larry cordle, ralph stanley ii, blue moon 
					rising). deaton, jimmy nutt, and gary nichols engineered the 
					landmark project. five outlets celebrated the 
					album’s release with exclusive track premieres. they include
					“against 
					the wind,” / tim shelton (americana highways),
					“hollywood 
					nights,” / shonna tucker (antimusic), 
					“main 
					street,” / 
					josh shilling (the bluegrass situation),
					“night 
					moves,” / 
					larry cordle (center stage magazine) and 
					“roll 
					me away,” / 
					bill taylor (bluegrass today). 

view 
					full 
					press release












about lonesome day records






lonesome day records, located in booneville, ky, was established in 2002 by audio engineer and record producer randall deaton. the label has released top charting bluegrass and country albums and singles by renowned artists such as ralph stanley ii, larry cordle, blue moon rising, girls, guns and glory, shotgun holler, fred eaglesmith, lou reid & carolina, darrell webb, randy kohrs, 
							richard bennett, sarah borges, tim shelton, steve 
							gulley, and jeff parker.
 




the label's artists have also made appearances on national television shows, including eaglesmith on the late show with david letterman, shotgun holler on the josh wolf show, and borges' song "i'll show you how" featured in the premiere of the nbc series, the night shift. lonesome day records has maintained a strong presence on sirius/xm radio over the last two decades. after a period of dormancy, the label will be releasing new projects in 2024, bringing the best of bluegrass/americana music to the marketplace.








lonesome day 
							records:
randall 
							deaton




project consultant:
billy 
							holland / the holland group





							publicity:
martha 
							moore / so much moore media








  
							 
© 2025 lonesome day records. all rights reserved.
website by opusweb











