


mouse pads promotional personalized special occasion keepsake photo custom printed picture 
















 
 


 full color custom
        mouse pads with
        fast service.
        no hidden costs! 


 home 
 custom mouse pads 
 blank mouse pads 
 custom t-shirts 
 contact us 
 send photo 
 secure ordering 
 testimonials 
 order help
links


 order your mousepads with secure online ordering 
 



mouse pads online for custom, photo, gift and promotional mousepads 
 "committed to give you only what you deserve...the best!" what are they saying? 





 


single mouse pad orders
only $9.95 (plus s & h)
            shipped within 24 hours
  


you've taken the greatest pictures...
completed an outstanding design/logo... 
now it's time to let mouse pads online lend a hand creating unique, affordable, personal and promotional gifts with our committment to give you only what you deserve...the best! 
memories on a mouse pad! we will imprint any image/photo or design of your choice to personlize your custom mouse pads. promotional give-aways, company or business logo/info on a calendar (great for trade shows), photos of your friends, loved ones, team sports, pets, wedding, graduation, anniversaries, birthdays, the new baby, vacations, mothers day, fathers day...what are your ideas?
add text to your custom mouse pad at no additional charge.
quality, service and pricing can't be beat.
 promotional mouse pads for business advertising, trade shows, client gifts and give-aways. 
                    imagine having your company logo and contact information sitting on your customers desk! all you need is custom mouse pads or calendar mouse pads. the perfect promotional tool.

mouse pads online  offers you competitive pricing for your promotional needs. we will beat or meet any published price for full color custom mouse pads and calendar mouse pads. 
help is always available. call toll free 866-326-5389
 no minimum order - no hidden costs. 
fast turn around time - rush orders welcome. 
orders of 500 mouse pads or less can usually ship within 24 to 48 hours. 

 



 
calendar mouse pads - provide us with your company logo/address or design and your custom background and we will do the rest (at no additional charge). start your calendar with any month going into the next year if you prefer (great for school calendars). keep your company information at your clients/customers fingertips! 



ordering has never been easier! - within 24 to 48 hours your custom mouse pad(s) and custom t-shirt(s) will be on it's way. orders under 500 can usually ship within 24 to 48 hours! 
                    all orders are manually processed to ensure accuracy 


 distributors and resellers please contact us regarding custom mouse pads or blank mouse pads . 

 mousepadsonline.com is a division of ideal impressions printing 
 ideal impressions printing (since 1985)
                    1120 nw 4th street
                    grand rapids, mn 55744 
 call toll free 866-326-5389 











©  2011 mousepadsonline.com





