







summer mummers








































get your popcorn readyclose
skip to content



 
facebookyoutubeinstagram
 


















menu


about
news
know before you go
contact us
purchase tickets
advertise with us
 












 



















welcome to







summer mummers








purchase tickets




























what is summer mummers?


melodrama is a unique theatrical experience, invented in the usa. but nobody does it quite as uniquely as summer mummers. summer mummers, a permian basin summer tradition for more than fifty-nine years, is the longest continuing melodrama in the united states and is internationally renowned. this unique group has been privileged to perform in dundalk, ireland, and dongying, china, proving that laughter is indeed a universal language. 







read more















 

















come experience the fun: tickets on sale now!












purchase tickets
































recent news
















fundraiser 
supporting midland community theatre for 76 years! the summer mummers fundraiser is the biggest and longest running fundraiser in mct history. revenue generated by the event goes towards season shows, education programs, and general operations. the summer mummers fundraiser is a time honored tradition in the permian basin!
read more → 













it’s almost showtime! 
get your popcorn ready!!   tickets go on sale for our 76th year on may 1, 2024! shows are june 7th through august, 2024 every friday and saturday. the event begins at 7:30 pm! to get the best seats possible, we recommend visiting us at 11:59 pm on april 30th!
read more → 













volunteer 
be a mummer! auditions for the 2024 season will begin april 8th! join us at mct tall city brewery for our annual kickoff party at 1 pm. auditions for the 2024 cast will commence on april 8th and 9th at 6:30 pm! no experience necessary! not interested in the stage? that’s okay! we have production…
read more → 















more news


















have a question...
are you curious about becoming a mummer? need to know more information about this year's show? want to get on our mailing list? we are here to help! fill out the information below and let us know!










  

your name
please enter your name.



your email
please enter a valid email.



your message
please enter a message.




send


message sent!
message failed. please try again.




























© 2024 summer mummers









 
























