




florist | flower delivery - send flowers online with 1-800-florals











































virtual gifts
reminders









product search  








 view cart 








 





shop 

shop by product

send roses online

fresh flower bouquets

spring flowers

send plants & planters

monthly flowers gifts

teleflora flowers

sympathy flowers

family funeral flowers

more shop by product


shop by occasion

birthday flowers

get well flowers

new baby flowers

congratulations & thanks

love & anniversary flowers

thinking of you gifts

sympathy gifts for home

funeral flowers online

more shop by occasion


international


about 

our services 
our company
florist delivery

customer reviews


resources 

glossary of flowers 
floral holidays
meanings of flowers
sympathy flowers
more floral info
contact us























send flowers online! national & international florist delivery of fresh flowers, plants and floral arrangements. satisfaction guaranteed.


shopping search


choose a product              
send roses online 
fresh flower bouquets 
spring flowers 
send plants & planters 
monthly flowers gifts 
teleflora flowers 
sympathy flowers 
family funeral flowers 
ftd flowers and plants 
birthday bouquets 
new baby bouquets 


choose an occasion
birthday flowers 
get well flowers 
new baby flowers 
congratulations & thanks 
love & anniversary flowers 
thinking of you gifts 
sympathy gifts for home 
funeral flowers online 
family funeral flowers 


all price ranges 
regular ($45 - $70) 
fancy ($70 - $95) 
extra fancy ($95 - up) 
















enduring passion 18 roses vase
										#127bx $139.95






your light shines arrangement
										#t2533 $129.95






fashionista blooms flowers vase
										#tw411 $109.95






ftd stunning beauty bouquet
										#4839d $109.95






deluxe dozen roses vase
										#ts91x $109.95






graceful grandeur dozen roses
										#4810x $109.95






12 roses vased
										#tfdrv $99.95






blush life bouquet
										#tv563 $94.95






cheers! fresh flowers vase
										#t5621 $89.95






basket of blooms deluxe
										#t483b $84.95






kiss of lavender bouquet
										#t5581 $79.95






heat wave flowers bouquet
										#tw424 $79.95






ftd wondrous nature bouquet
										#4400x $74.95






ftd bright lights tulips
										#4316d $74.95






ftd sweet & pretty bouquet
										#b035d $74.95






deluxe indoor flowering plant
								#p420x $69.95






medium planter basket
								#p404x $69.95






how sweet it is flowers bouquet
								#tw490 $69.95






color me yours flowers bouquet
								#tv317 $64.95






pink passion flowers bouquet
								#t5881 $59.95











flowers make people bloom








flowers are a thoughtful and personal way to convey your love, friendship, appreciation, or support -- an ageless expression of caring.  and, sending flowers online is so easy with 1-800-florals.  send a message of love with our gorgeous roses online. you're sure to make quite an impression.  or, send fresh spring flowers to brighten someone's day.  you can also select from our popular year-round flower arrangements, cheery birthday bouquets and thoughtful anniversary bouquets. need flowers for some other occasion? shop our new baby gifts,  get well flowers, thank you gifts and sympathy flowers, too.  be sure to check out our best sellers. you'll find other great gift ideas, too, including blooming and green plant gifts along with ftd flowers, teleflora bouquets and thinking of you selections. our flowers and plants are individually made by our network of professional florists and available for same-day and next-day delivery throughout most of the usa and canada. so, they are fast, fresh and guaranteed.

brighten someone's day with the morale boosting power of flowers delivered just for them. order flowers online, or call us toll-free, for beautiful floral gifts and professional florist delivery. our awesome florists make it easy to send flowers and plants delivered almost anywhere in the usa, canada, or worldwide. 







flower delivery made easy

same-day florist delivery is normally available monday - saturday in most areas of the 49 continental u.s. states and canada for orders received by  11:00 am in the recipient's time zone (excluding sundays, holidays, and peak floral periods).   otherwise, next day delivery is the norm.  for best results, please order one or more days in advance, if possible. note that product substitutions of equal value may be necessary in some cases, some deliveries may be rescheduled by one day when necessary, and deliveries are not available in hawaii. 


say it with style. want to make someone feel extra special? surprise them with fresh flowers and your personal note of love, appreciation, or gratitude. nothing says 'i love you' like flowers. you can even order on your web enabled cell phone or tablet 


monthly flowers subscriptions check our out monthly flower subscription service to send roses or a mixed fresh bouquet to someone special for three months, six months, or twelve months at a discount price and with the professional service you expect from a leading nationwide florist.


love flowers? check out our free printable 2025 monthly wall calendar. it's a great way to decorate your home or office with beautiful bouquets all year long and remember important occasions, too! 

make every occasion special. whether for a birthday, anniversary, graduation, new baby, get well wishes, congratulations, thanks, or just because, flowers and plants are a wonderful way to show you care, and sending flowers for no special reason, may be the most special of all.








additional information
about 800florals.  there are roughly 20,000 professional  florists in north america that design and deliver fresh flowers on a daily basis.  most have one or more websites, but they are much more than just internet companies.  they're real florists with years of design and delivery experience, and their reputations have been built on their performance.  some have been in business for generations, with thousands of loyal customers.  phillip's 1-800-florals is one of those.  and, of the 20,000 or so total florists, less than one half of 1% consistently handle the most computerized nationwide and worldwide florist deliveries.  phillip's is one of those, as well, and has been for more than 20 consecutive years.  so, if you're looking for a real florist who is small enough to care yet large enough to take good care of you, too, you've come to the right place.  we think you'll notice the difference.  and, we're committed to showing you over and over again.
shopping. you can shop by products and occasions or check out flower delivery.  you can even arrange a thoughtful gift of monthly flowers for someone special.  don't see what you're looking for?  call us toll-free.  and, when you need to send an expression of sympathy, our funeral flowers, family funeral tributes and sympathy gifts for home can help you make the right choice.
free services.send free virtual flowers and ecards by email to anyone with web access.  they're a great way to keep in touch.  need help keeping track of birthdays, anniversaries and other important dates?  try our free reminder service.  looking for a particular bloom? visit our flowers glossary for popular pictures and names. our overseas customers find this currency converter helpful, too.

more information.  you'll find everything from flower design and decorating tips to important holidays and floral care tips at flowers information.  some of the more popular pages include the meanings of flowers, the meanings of roses and a guy's guide to giving flowers.  other great resources include florists online, flowers by wire and about sympathy flowers.
hospitals, funeral homes, & us.  we deliver to virtually every hospital and funeral home in the united states and canada.  if you're looking for a particular one, you can find names, addresses and phone numbers at u.s. hospitals, canada hospitals and u.s. funeral homes.  still can't find what you're looking for? see ordering & delivery information, try our site map or call us today.  we're real florists with more than 95 years of experience, and we look forward to serving you in any way that we can.





























custom order form
free virtual flowers
flower meanings
link to us
glossary of flowers
free reminder service
request a catalog
affiliate program











1-800-florals (1-800-356-7257)
						phone: 630-719-5200 · fax: 630-719-2292 · email
						800florals.com - your online flowers delivery headquarters



© 1995-2025 all america-phillip's flower shops, america's online florist
images © 1995-2025 ftd, teleflora, phillip's flowers, saf, ccfc, eyewire, or photodisc

more resources
legal notices | privacy & security







 





 
 
 

