










ashutosh nandeshwar – data science – keynote speaker - nandeshwar.info























































 








 

 




   learn speaking books  career success data science tableau   courses  excel productivity hacks intro to data analysis   blog guides  r data manipulation fundraising analytics data science excel speaking   contact write for us privacy   




transformtransform your team and your processes.gain efficiency and increase revenue. inspire your audience to take action.

contact me now





ashutosh r. nandeshwarphd in ai + ms in design thinkingdata science. consulting. speaking. process innovation.


i can help you with...

process analysisoften complex problems require simpler solutions. i love simplicity. let me help you uncover the issues with existing processes and recommend simple, elegant solutions.

 i simplified and automated the process that took four weeks to one week.



machine learningbuild predictive models. find gems. provide recommendations. save time and effort. increase revenue.

 i helped increase revenue of a team from $6.2m to $75m with machine learning.



dashboard designdashboard design should be easy, but it isn't. often creators add unnecessary data or bad graphics. i have made these mistakes before, so you don't have to.

 i saved many expensive fte hours spent on redesigning and recreating dashboards.



keynoteswhether you want to inspire your audience or explain the value of data, i can help you with my humor-filled stories and perspective.

 "he single-handedly changed the course of my career..." - an attendee









data science bookthe book for data science in fundraising. read how to form your team. find many recipes in r to start your data science journey.

read now





consulting

contact me now

do you feel that your products or processes are stuck? that they can be improved? i can help

innovationlet's study your current processes and find areas of improvement. i will recommend robotic process automation (rpa), new data product ideas, or different ways of doing things. 


growthlet's analyze the numbers and find areas of growth. i will recommend reports and dashboards to spur growth.








tableau bookwrote this book before tableau became cool!



speaking programs




01.data scienceit is easy to think that its application and success should follow once you have mastered all analytics techniques. you will find in this talk not only about data science's importance but also how to achieve success in its application.


02.data visualizationpresenting data should be simple, yet we fail at communicating simply. 30-minutes go by, and you are still trying to understand the objective of a chart, masked by 3-d objects, exploding slices, and extensive color schemes. in this talk, you will learn how to avoid some mistakes and make your charts informative and actionable, not "interesting."


03.motivational keynotesa speaker is successful only when he can take you to a world where you are part of the story. you see your challenges and your victory in that story. in this inspirational keynote, you will go to a place full of challenges. yet, with your potential and a formula for success, emerge victoriously.








								leading with thought and action							



								ashutosh and rodger are two individuals leading with thought and action on the vanguard of the data science revolution in the advancement profession. this book represents a “how to guide” for analysts at all levels to transform static data into dynamic insights. advancement leaders must get familiar with this aspect advancement services as we continue to approach the business of philanthropy with more sophistication in an ever changing world.							








							aaron westfall						


								director of development, university of cambridge							








								greatly recommend it!							



								"data science for fundraising" delivers solid, comprehensive coverage of today's state of the art data science techniques. i greatly recommend it!							








							eric siegel, ph.d.						


founder of predictive analytics world and author of "predictive analytics: the power to predict who will click, buy, lie, or die" 









hi!i'm ashutosh

and i get immense joy in sharing what i know and motivating others to do their best. through my conversations, motivational keynotes, articles, and technical videos, i have influenced people to write bestseller books, run for nonprofit boards, and set themselves apart from others. it was a long journey for me to get there.growing up, we didn't have enough money to buy toys, so my friends and i carved designer cars out of bricks and created tunnels out of a big pile of sand. when we did not have cable, we hacked together small dish antennas using old speakers. we spent countless joy-filled hours imagining things. what we couldn't get, we designed and created. such childhood made me who i am: flexible, gritty, empathetic, tinkerer, creator, and entrepreneurial. with these attributes, i have built successful teams and launched novel data products at top higher education institutions. top trade publications have featured my thoughts on data science and ai, and i am invited to present keynotes at conferences. i know what it's like to be in unfavorable situations. and i derive purpose and meaning from helping others overcome hurdles and succeed. i want to drive innovation with my technical expertise, creator drive, and storytelling abilities; and by mentoring and motivating team members. let me know how i can be of help!


contact me



   learn speaking books  career success data science tableau   courses  excel productivity hacks intro to data analysis   blog guides  r data manipulation fundraising analytics data science excel speaking   contact write for us privacy                                                 copyright 2025, nandeshwar.info. disclaimer: we use affiliate links including amazon's.  






















>

	
















































































 

 

