






 elmira-corning regional association of realtorsâ® - elmira-corning real estate




























































home


search listings


local listings


local new listings


nationwide listings




open houses


our agents


our appraisers


affiliates


our offices


consumer resources


why choose a realtorâ®


service providers


houselogic


community links


area schools


statistics


mortgage calculator




association information


become a member


staff & directions


officers & directors


committees


young professionals network (ypn)


realtorâ® code of ethics


reciprocal information




education


ecrar classroom/live virtual courses


online courses


nysar live virtual courses


education requirements


scholarship information


salesperson course


remedial /broker course




advocacy


legislative priorities


make your voice heard


rpac




community involvement


organizations we support


up coming events




photo album


contact us






























enter an mls number to go directly to that listing:

			 
			 ex. 12345








our mission is to strengthen and promote the professional image of our realtor® members and advocate for equal housing opportunity and private property rights.


 

 
our 2024 holiday auction was a success! 
our realtors raised a total of $9,350 for the food bank of the southern tier, bringing our 24-year total amount donated to $162,224!
thank you to all who participated! and especially first heritage federal credit union for sponsoring this festive event!
a special congratulations to amy kehr for being honored as our 2024 "rookie of the year"! 
each year, this award is given to a bright, up and coming star in our local realtor community, who shows commitment to participation at the board level!

 
 

the elmira-corning regional association of realtors® collected
over 200 items during its 2024 hat/mitten/scarf drive for children & teens. 
the association has now collected over 10,800 items through this event since 2004. 


effective june 20, 2020, ny state implemented new fair housing regulations which include the use of the nys housing and anti-discrimination disclosure form (haddf) and a fair housing notice (fhn) which you will find displayed in real estate offices and at open houses. find the fhn here: https://www.dos.ny.gov/licensing/docs/fairhousingnotice_new.pdf 


the association is committed to providing an accessible website. if you have difficulty accessing content or viewing a file on the website, or notice any accessibility problems, please scroll below for help. 


the realtor® association's young professionals network (ypn)
collected 741 school supplies for local schools and children in need.
the ypn has now collected over 10,000 items in 10 years through this event.


the elmira-corning regional association of realtors® raised $31,382
during its 2024 habitat "fore" humanity golf tournament!
the association has now raised an 20-year total of $356,170 for the
chemung, steuben and schuyler county habitat chapters!

 

the association raised $9,000 for the food bank of the southern tier
through its annual holiday auction.
the association has now raised a 23-year total of $152,874 for the food bank!


 
 
       welcome to the elmira-corning regional association of realtors®



the elmira-corning association of realtors® is the source for real estate information in the central southern tier of new york state.  we provide benefits to our membership including education, resources, and support services to enhance their professional development.
our membership consists of 400+/- licensed real estate agents and appraisers who are known as realtors®.  realtor® is a registered trademark that identifies a real estate professional who is a member of the national association of realtors® (nar) and subscribes to its strict code of ethics and standards of practice.  our realtor® members also belong to the new york state association of realtors® (nysar).
the association also has affiliate members, who are not engaged in the real estate profession as licensees, but provide valuable services that relate to the real estate industry. they include lenders, home inspectors, builders, property management companies, home services, insurance companies, law offices, publishing companies and many other home service providers.
in partnership with our realtor® members and business affiliates, we add value to the community by advocating for private property rights, providing community service, and adhering to the highest standard of ethics and professionalism.
whether you are an area native searching for the perfect home or are contemplating a move to our area, the elmira-corning regional association of realtors® and mls members are here to help.  please search our site for available properties and contact one of our realtor® professionals to assist you.
 

the elmira-corning regional association of realtors® (ecrar) is committed to providing an accessible website. if you have difficulty accessing content, have difficulty viewing a file on the website, or notice any accessibility problems, please contact ecrar to specify the nature of the accessibility issue and any assistive technology you use. ecrar will strive to provide the content you need in the format you require.
ecrar welcomes your suggestions and comments about improving ongoing efforts to increase the accessibility of this website.
web accessibility help
there are actions you can take to adjust your web browser to make your web experience more accessible.
i am blind or can't see very well –
if you have trouble seeing web pages, the us social security administration offers these tips (link is external) for optimizing your computer and browser to improve your online experience.

use your computer to read web pages out loud (link is external)
use the keyboard to navigate screens (link is external)
increase text size (link is external)
magnify your screen (link is external)
change background and text colors (link is external)
make your mouse pointer more visible (link is external) (windows only)

 
i find a keyboard or mouse hard to use –
if you find a keyboard or mouse difficult to use, speech recognition software such as dragon naturallyspeaking (link is external) may help you navigate web pages and online services. this software allows the user to move focus around a web page or application screen through voice controls.
 
i am deaf or hard of hearing –
if you are deaf or hard of hearing, there are several accessibility features available to you.
captioning:
a caption is transcript for the audio track of a video presentation that is synchronized with the video and audio tracks. captions are generally rendered visually by being superimposed over the video, which benefits people who are deaf and hard-of-hearing, and anyone who cannot hear the audio (e.g., when in a crowded room). most of nar's video content includes captions. learn how to turn captioning on and off in youtube. (link is external)
 
volume controls:
your computer, tablet, or mobile device has volume control features. each video and audio service has its own additional volume controls. try adjusting both your device's volume controls and your media players' volume controls to optimize your listening experience.
 








  our offices 
|  local listings 
|  our agents 
|  our agents 
|  our appraisers 
|  our offices 
|  our affiliates 
|  contact us 
|  home 
|  online education 
|  why choose a realtorâ® 
|  open houses 
|  privacy policy 
|  site map 
 







© systems engineering, inc.




















