







mike miles muay thai





































































































              home
            

              about gym
            

            trainers
          

              classes
            

              events
            

            membership
          

              fighters
            

            ajarn's blog
          

            join
          


































































homeabout gymtrainersclasseseventsmembershipfightersajarn's blogjoin


















scroll








mike miles calgary muay thai & kickboxingbe your own champion ** regular walk-ins are back - no need to book, but booking is recommended **




    get your free pass
  




    about the gym
  

  









classes



we offer classes for every level! ajarn mike miles and our world-class trainers will provide you with all the instruction you need to reach your personal fitness and muaythai/kickboxing goals in a friendly and safe environment. all egos are left at the door.

 


    class schedule
  



*please note we are closed for lunch between 2 pm - 4:30 pm, mon - fri

 

beginners muay thainew to muay thai? no worries! we break down all the components of punching, kicking, kneeing, elbowing and clinching. all the fun stuff of course! all new members are to attend 5 beginner level classes before joining into any other classes (no gear necessary for lessons 1-5).byo gloves, hand wraps, shinguards



intermediate muay thaifor our more experienced students we continue to drill our technique both offensive and defensively. sparring in classes as well as sessions devoted just for sparring. no beginners.byo gloves, hand wraps, shinguards, mouthguard, headgear, groin protector



mixed levels muay thaithis class is a nice combo of technique and fitness. you must complete your first 5 beginner lessons before attending these classes. all fitness levels welcome.byo gloves, hand wraps, shinguards, mouthguard



fighters muay thaithis class is by invite only. our fighters represent team miles and canada around the world in the ring. if you are interested in becoming a fighter you must be training for a minimum of 3 months and have approval from ajarn mike miles. 

 

thai pads classnothing more difficult than a good session of padwork! get your sweat on and get technical all at the same time. classes include drills with a partner utilizing thai pads.byo gloves, hand wraps, shinguards



cardio kickboxingthe focus of this class is on fitness, and includes everything from heavy bag drills, partner drills, body weight exercises and free weight exercises. all fitness levels welcome!byo gloves, hand wraps, shinguards



kids muay thai from ages 5-12 years old we run children's classes multiple times per week. great to learn self defense, respect, make long lasting friends, and of course burn off some energy. confident children are not bullied!byo gloves, hand wraps, shinguards 



teens muay thaimuay thai for teens 13-17 is a great way to gain confidence and again learn self defense. includes technique drills with partners, work on pads, sparring and much more. byo gloves, hand wraps, shinguards

  


    class schedule
  






 


    memberships
  



 “do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.”— bruce lee

  









title



classes



quote










gym hoursmon, wed, fri 9:30 am - 2:00 pm / 4:30 pm - 9:00 pmtues & thurs 11:00 am - 2:00 pm / 4:30 - 9:00 pmsaturday 9:00 am - 3:00 pmsunday -- 9:30 am - 10:30 am


   




    get your free pass
  





























