






ned kellys world






















skip to content


ned kellys world






sample page







shaver shop sees more foot traffi

 august 7, 2022   admin 


according to shaver shop, sales are up in the second half as consumers are returning to malls to shop. they cited the importance of personal care and wellbeing as one of the factors that drove the sales.
in pre-covid-19 times, shop shaver generated almost 30% of its sales from online channels. however, during the december and september quarters, the company was affected by the closures of several stores in victoria and nsw.
in the second half of its fiscal year the company reported that its online and in-store sales grew. its gross margins were also consistent with the levels they achieved in the previous year.
the company had estimated that its sales for the full year would be around $220 million.
despite the increase in sales of hair-cutting products during the lockdowns, the company noted that its sales in the second half were still up. it said that the categories of hair-cutting, such as ear, nose, and body groomers, continued to grow.
the shaver shop started the year with a touch time as many of its bricks-and-mortar stores were temporarily closed during the july and august period. despite the increase in online sales, the company’s total sales were still down by around 7%.
the company said on thursday that customers were returning to the company’s stores after the covid-19 restrictions caused a disruption in their shopping.
in response, shaver shop said that the store teams are doing a great job of delivering exceptional service to its customers. although the company’s online sales grew during the second half, they were still below their previous year’s performance.
many of the products sold by shop shaver are considered non-discretionary purchases by consumers due to the company’s focus on personal care and wellness.
the company noted that during the covid-19 restrictions, it was able to introduce new customers to certain categories of do-it-yourself appliances.
the men’s grooming market is expected to reach more than $1 billion by 2022, driven by the increasing number of men participating in beauty regimes and the trends toward body hair and facial hair.
use a shaver shop coupon to save on your purchase today at the shaver shop.


posted in businessleave a comment 



insurers victory against covid claims

 october 10, 2021   admin 


australia’s biggest insurers won’t be required to pay out compensation to clients who suffered covid-19-related losses following a court decision.
a number of companies, including iag, allianz, and chubb, fought against each other in court over how many claims they should handle following the pandemic.
according to insurance companies, businesses that were affected by the covid-19 virus did not qualify for compensation.
in a landmark ruling, a judge ruled that insurance firms were not liable for the damages caused by covid-19 disruption.
she noted that policies that deal with the prevention of access to certain facilities or areas, or the containment of certain infectious diseases, were narrow enough to exclude certain scenarios.
she said since businesses were not allowed to operate on their premises during an outbreak, their losses were not covered by insurance policies.
not all businesses were ordered to close during the lockdown, according to the insurance industry.
only nine firms claimed compensation for an infectious diseases outbreak within a certain radius of their business.
she noted that there were substantial issues with meridian travel’s claim, particularly as it appeared that its losses were caused by the government’s decision to bar international travel and cruise ships from the market.
justice jagot has also granted leave to appeal the decision.
the delay in implementing the insurance reforms needed to address the pandemic could cause businesses to wait for payouts for years.
jagot said that if the decision is overturned on appeal, then the claims should be reduced and the government should provide support to minimize the losses.
for quality insurance you can depend on, check out everyday insurance online. you can save on your insurance policy and get a discount with a everday insurance coupon code.


posted in businessleave a comment 



all about adelaide

 august 19, 2018   admin 


adelaide is considered one of the best cities in the world to live in and even ranks in the top 10 of places to live.
the city is small, yet is full of character and has many distinctive areas which allow you to experience something truly unique and different to the rest of the city.
the population of the city is over one million and many affectionately call the city the 20 minute city because you can get to basically anywhere around the city in 20 minutes.
the city was founded in 1863 by colonel light. a statue of him overlooks the city. the city is laid out in an easy to navigate grid format.
the city has large areas of heritage listed park lands and it is well worth while visiting these park lands.
make sure you visit this beautiful city.
to see more of adelaide, consider getting accomodation through agoda for your trip. using a agoda coupon you can save $50 off your booking.


posted in travelleave a comment 



dell to double chinese outlets

 april 25, 2018   admin 


dell has been struggling to keep up growth over the last couple of years due to dominance of tablets and smart phones. it has therefore had to expand it’s reach to chase growth. to do this, it has decided to expand further into the chinese market. at this stage, the company has really only targeted the bigger chinese cities however now it will increase penetration over the next couple of years.
consumers are currently moving more and more towards portable computing and easy to use devices. microsoft has tried to combat this with it’s new version of windows which is both compatible with pc’s and tablets.
the fall in pc shipments has been swift and fast and many companies are struggling to find other avenues of income to combat this. the most logical area which companies can seek more customers is in developing countries. china was a logical choice for dell purely due to the number of potential consumers.
in australia, you can get a great deal on a dell pc. a dell promo code is generally offered to consumers which can be used to give significant discounts on the retail price.


posted in technologyleave a comment 



beppu – japan’s hidden treasure

 april 25, 2018   admin 


one of japan’s hidden treasures for travel is the small city of beppu which is located on the island of kyushu.
although rarely mentioned, beppu is well known for it’s hot springs which are both beautiful to see and great to experience. the hot springs are nick named hells of beppu and is one of three great hot springs located in japan.
beppu is considered to be a relatively small city and is actually on the coast of the island. it is surrounded by mountains and it’s location makes the city long and relatively thin in shape. due to the small size of the city, you can actually explore the place by just walking. to get to the hot springs however, you should probably take a bus or taxi.
the most popular site is called the eight hells (or jigoku in japanese). this is a multi-colour volcano pit with boiling mud and water.
there are a good selection of hotels available in the city centre, although not that many. for a good deal on a hotel, check out booking.com. find a 10% off booking.com coupon here and you will get a good deal on accommodation.


posted in travelleave a comment 





search for: 





recent posts


shaver shop sees more foot traffi


insurers victory against covid claims


all about adelaide


dell to double chinese outlets


beppu – japan’s hidden treasure


recent commentsarchives

august 2022
october 2021
august 2018
april 2018

categories

business

technology

travel


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 



			proudly powered by wordpress  | 
			theme by: phoenix web solutions 








