




anonymous, ink. — livejournal




























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































vyncentvega
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














vyncentvega







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









recent entries
archive
friends
about me
update journal
go to gallery



			anonymous, ink. — livejournal
		

			i'm not just the president -- i'm also a member.
		



journal disclaimer:the opinions expressed in this journal, including comments left by the owner of this journal here or elsewhere, are the owner's views alone and not those of any business or agency with which he may be associated. unless of course they agree.unless otherwise noted, all internet-sourced material in this journal is believed to be free of copyright or used in a manner consistent with accepted fair use doctrine. honestly, this journal doesn't get enough traffic to have a snowball's chance of depriving anyone of intellectual property.all original content on this journal, unless otherwise noted, is covered under a creative commons "attribution-noncommercial-sharealike creative commons" license:  so there.
may 2012 12345
6789101112
13141516171819
20212223242526
2728293031

big brother = me









07 may 2012 @ 03:21 pm


woo!



you can see my fat face in the bottom-left, fourth body in. standing in front of me is the adorable dimitri ryutov, a giant in the field. next to me (not the long hair) is alexei poludnenko, who was in adam frank's group before me. and shule is next to him, all dapper in a tie and a shirt with sleeves that go past the elbows. martín huarte-espinosa—a friend and postdoc in adam's group—is in the first row, wearing the bead art t-shirt and shorts. adam is almost directly above me, in the baseball cap. on his left is paul drake, another giant. on his right is pat hartigan, looking goofy.buncha nerds. 
			 
hey, 3 have done it. | go on, do it.




 



02 may 2012 @ 03:40 pm


twerkin' for christ



lol.
 
go on, do it.




 


 



27 april 2012 @ 08:47 pm


hat tip to tobin



		      there was a recent article on arstechnica about something called benford’s law. it strikes me a little like zeno's paradox which, if you should know anything about me, you should know that i fly into a white hot fury, sparks literally fly from my fingertips, and my snarl has been known to turn black panthers white when i think about how people take it seriously.this is similar. of course, it might just be because i don't understand the underlying awesomeness, but i doubt it.basically, the law says that if you look at a large dataset of real-world data—the surface area of rivers, the specific heat of chemical compounds, mathematical constants in physics, baseball stats, street addresses, populations of us counties—you will find that the first digit will not be random, but most probably 1, then 2, etc. there was this interesting bit:"perhaps most famously, benford’s law has been used to detect financial fraud. folks who cook the books assume that random numbers will look inconspicuous, not realizing that’s exactly what can make them look conspicuous."that's cool. but i can't help but think the explanation is simple. as nibot has wondered before, how much are we screwing up our interpretation of the universe by being on a base-10 number system? do we have any reason to believe that "order of magnitude" (power of 10) has any relevance to anything physical? i can't possibly imagine how it could.so, it's that just what we're seeing here? wow, you're telling me that the first digit in our number system, the digit that shows up whenever we go up an order of magnitude, is the most likely to be the first digit in a number? wow, do go on!my snarky, too-cool-for-school attitude is pretty easily testable: recast the numbers in some other base, and see if the pattern changes appropriately.well, luckily, you have me. and i have the internet. [note: i have not yet done the analysis, but i'm not going to change any of the above, whatever the outcome. i gots integrrity all up in this lj!] ok, i'm back. i pulled down the populations of the top 500 us cities. that page lists 1000, but i got bored after 500. i took the dataset and used excel to strip off the first digit from each number. this sample may not have been large enough; the base 10 result looked like this:if i'm reading the article right, on a log-log scale it should be a straight line; this has a bump at larger digits due, as i say, i assume to the small sample size.so! off i hared into the data! i recast the numbers in a few different bases, and looked at their distributions, and voila!they all share the same trend! well, it's good that my prediction bore out. but now i can't but wonder if maybe i'm still supposed to be impressed? for the above reasons, i don't know why i would be.actually, they're not all exactly the same. base 20 is interesting, for example, seeming to show two distinct lines. i wonder why?sadly, it didn't take me to run into a limitation akin to the limitation of base 10: excel wouldn't let me go above base 36 because...the alphabet ran out of numbers. (in case that's not clear and/or you forgot, above base 10 we start using letters to use a single digit to represent numbers bigger than 9. z is all used up by the time we get to base 36!) ah well. i could write a program to allow me to get to an arbitrary radix¹, but it's a friday! what do you think i'd be doing, working?all right. good hustle, everyone, good hustle.1) wikipedia just taught me that the base 60 system was originally used in ancient sumeria! aaand, that's where our 360-degrees comes from! and minutes, i guess? 
			 
hey, 2 have done it. | go on, do it.




 



25 april 2012 @ 11:11 pm


i am speechless.



		      retired cia officer jose rodriguez just came out with a new book! how or why should you know about rodriguez, whom i shall hereafter refer to as scornbelly? because, you see, it was ol' scorny who authorized the cia to destroy not a handful, but 92 videotapes of the cia's torture/rendition program. this, despite explicit judicial order and 9/11 commission decree for no one to destroy any evidence relating to interrogations relating to al qaeda or 9/11.surely, scornbelly has written his book about how awful that time was, how aggrieved he is at the lawfulness of his actions and the destruction it will continue to cause the us both here and abroad, and that he's written it from behind bars in supermax?well, i hate to put words in people's mouths, but as obama would tell you, you're seriously misinformed:

in november, 2010, the obama doj — consistent with its steadfast shielding of bush-era criminals from all forms of accountability — announced that the investigation would be closed without any charges being filed. needless to say — given how subservient federal judges are to the executive branch in the post-9/11 era — the federal judge who had ordered the cia to preserve and produce any such videotapes, alvin hellerstein, refused even to hold the cia in contempt for deliberately disregarding his own order. instead, hellerstein — who, like so many federal judges, spent his whole career before joining the bench as a partner for decades in a large corporate law firm serving institutional power — reasoned that punishment for the cia was unnecessary because, as he put it, new rules issued by the cia “should lead to greater accountability within the agency and prevent another episode like the videotapes’ destruction.” (links omitted, see the original from glenn greenwald here)
the first time that i heard it suggested that judges were so subservient to the government was because of the threat of blackmail, i thought it weird and fanciful. these days, i am not so sure. i mean really, i'd like to understand how you go from, "if you so much as pick boogers that contain valuable information, i and all the power of the us judicial system will come down on you like a pile of bricks," to, "yeah, well, even though he directly disobeyed me, he sounds like a nice boy;" i cannot fathom.but the reason i'm "speechless"? this gem, from his new book, hard measures: how aggressive cia actions after 9/11 saved american lives:he just published a new book in which he aggressively defends his decision to destroy those tapes (“the propaganda damage to the image of america would be immense. but the main concern then, and always, was for the safety of my officers . . .i was just getting rid of some ugly visuals that could put the lives of my people at risk”).
what!let's pause a mo' and take a simple-citizen thought experiment: imagine that, instead of killing him, zimmerman had kidnapped trayvon martin and took him to a undisclosed warehouse. he then videotaped himself waterboarding or otherwise torturing martin, demanding information. at the end, he paid someone to take an unconscious martin on a southbound boat to who knows where.but it doesn't stop there! people hear rumors about what zimmerman did. a judge and a government panel order him to destroy no evidence. his lawyer, on the other hand, goes, "hmmm, nah. gotta think about zimmy!" and does just that.remarkably, after a couple of years, the government decides it isn't going to charge anyone, least of all zimmerman or his lawyer. nor are they going to try and find and recompense martin. and the federal judge follow suit, saying, "well, they told me they had new policies in place so that they wouldn't do this again."are you hydraulic fracking kidding me?! it could never happen. the lawyer would be immediately jailed for contempt of court and obstruction of justice. zimmerman would be held on suspicion of his crimes. an investigation would be launched to find out what happened to martin. it would be laughable to think the lawyer would say to himself, "you know what? imma write a book about how right i was to do all that illegal stuff!" real-life plays out nothing like the above.except it just did. the vile scornbelly honestly looked at his duty to follow the law, his duty to the us to act within the law, his duty to those beneath him to have integrity enough to be able to admit wrongdoing and accept the consequences—versus the idea that "people might get upset at my precious cia (for making the images and carrying out the acts depicted in those very images)". the judicial branch of government has absolutely, blisteringly failed every us citizen in its failure to see justice served here.don't believe me? how about this other sterling gem?"'why not bring the detainees to trial?,' asks the washington post‘s dana priest in a review today of the book; rodriguez’ answer in the book: 'because they would get lawyered up, and our job, first and foremost, is to obtain information'."wrong. your job, first and foremost, is to do your job without breaking any of our laws! anyone who can't see that has no place to be in charge of anything.you know how i feel?whew! glad i got all that out. what a fuck. 
			 
go on, do it.




 


 

 


viewing most recent entries


 
 





























