












heavy metal maniacs – heavy metal fanclub














































skip to content



  
heavy metal fanclub 



heavy metal fanclubfestival 2024
tickets
bands
location
time table
festival archive
merchandise
  








festival 2024 all info on the festivalread more »



tickets get tickets hereread more »



bands band inforead more »








 

heavy metal maniacs festival 2024 
 
 

 

legendary thrash metal, headlining heavy metal maniacs festival 2023?!? 
nasty savage, the cult band from florida, is coming to the heavy metal maniacs festival to crush you with pure heavy metal energy! formed in 1983, they were extremely influential in the emerging florida death metal scene, inspiring bands such as death and obituary. the band is known for its […]
 
 

 

heavy metal maniacs festival 2023 
 
 

 

more bands announced for heavy metal maniacs festival 2023 
more bands have been confirmed for the second day of the heavy metal maniacs festival 2023.on this day you can again expect an exciting party with the legendary nwobhm band avenger (uk)!  together with desolation angels (uk), lord volture (nl), razorblade messiah (nl) and xiron (ger), this will become a […]
 
 

 

first bands announced for heavy metal maniacs festival 2023 
we are proud to announce the first bands for the heavy metal maniacs festival 2023.on friday the legendary forefathers of power metal omen will headline the festival!next to that, we have the heavy metal bands küenring (a) and burning (nl).get ready for a great evening with unforgettable screaming guitars!check out […]
 
 

 

more bands confirmed! 
friday: saturday:
 
 

 

hammer king first band for heavy metal maniacs festival 2020 
we are proud to let you know the first name of the 2020 line-up. hammer king from germany will bring epic heavy metal to the stage! with ex-ross the boss singer titan fox v in the front the band will bring memories of manowar, but with an european twist. powerful […]
 
 

 

heavy metal maniacs festival 2019 
 
 

 

heavy metal maniacs festival 2018 
 
 

 

presale started! get your tickets now! 
friday pre-sale €                 10,00 saturday pre-sale €                 24,00 combi friday & saturday  €                 32,50 door friday €                 12,00 door saturday €                 26,00 door combi (friday+saturday) €                 35,00 more info at p60
 
 

 

piledriver headlining hmm 2018 
the exalted piledriver will headline this year’s festival. the canadian heavy metal will unleash their metal inquisition on our stage!
 
 

 

stallion confirmed 
we are happy to let you know we found stallion to play on our festival!
 
 

 

dutch metal added! 
what would our festival be without some dutch heavy metal? fear no more, as we contratracted a new and an old band from the dutch selection. emerald have been going strong since 1975 and released a killer album in 2017. steel shock on the other hand was formed in 2016 […]
 
 

 

vhäldemar & ranger added! 
from spain we welcome the mighty vhäldemar who will play on saturday. ranger hails from finland and will also play on saturday.
 
 

 

universe and alltheniko confirmed! 
universe kicks off the heavy metal maniacs festival on friday 21 september! as the years went by things changed and some left the band, but whatever changes, through all these times universe never dropped down their passion for great melodies, hard riffs, and solid grooves. with 4 universe albums from […]
 
 

 

battleaxe and tytan playing heavy metal maniacs festival 2018 
we start announcing bands as from today. and the first on a long list of names are battleaxe and tytan, both from the uk! battleaxe will headline on friday, while tytan will rock on saturday. both bands are known as nwobhm powerhouses and are sure to get some headbanging going! […]
 
 

 

festival 2017 
friday: martyr, saber tiger elise saturday: dream evil, mythra, leather heart, screamer, atilla, messed up
 
 

 

festival 2016 
mean man, iron thor, frenzy, iron kobra, savage, salem, maverick, ram, jackal, iron angel
 
 

 

festival 2015 
primal fear, kissin dynamite, manimaljunkyard drive, ancillotti, snaggletooth
 
 

 

festival 2014 
grim reaper, sad iron, venator, diggith, dealer, midnight messiah
 
 

 

festival 2013 
holocaust, more, black knight, dealer, wild, ram, evil invaders, wild, ruler, lizzies, game over
 
 

 

festival 2012 
halloween, jameson raid, mournblade, witch cross, sad iron, attic, final heiress, ostrogoth, act of state
 
 

 

festival 2011 
girlschool, muro, pegazus, fireforce
 
 

 

festival 2010 
vicious rumors, tokyo blade, bitches sin, warrant, emerald, steel horse
 
 


              post navigation            



← older posts 














· © 2025 heavy metal maniacs · powered by  · designed with the customizr theme  · 




this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept












 
