


the language guy























    
	the language guy
	
  








thursday, september 23, 2010





	 why i pay no attention to politics
	 



this morning i encountered a headline in the columbus, dispatch blasting out, "gop blasts mailings; democrats blast spending."  who can take seriously people who communicate via blasting?

of course, the politicians in question didn't blast their opponents.  this is merely the editor's effort to drum up interest in his/her reporter's story.  still, the story did refer to "dueling media events."  did the politicians brandish swords or is this simply more media drivel?  more media drivel.  but the fact is that political discourse has dwelled in the muck for many years now, going back at least to the time of nixon.
in the story in question, we get more blasting combined with the funniest thing i have seen in politics in years, a republican complaining about "irresponsible, disrespectful untruths" from democrats.house republican leaders blasted recent democratic mailings, which rep. matt huffman of lima, the house gop campaign chairman, called a “pattern of irresponsible, disrespectful untruths.”forgive me for telling the truth here but republicans began the dirty tricks in politics with their vicious attacks on dukakis (if not sooner)until finally the democrats started fighting back.  not surprisingly, it was clinton who did so, thanks to the advice of james carville who argued that no charge should go unanswered for even a day.

in my opinion, obama has made a mess of his presidency.  i beleive he may really have believed his election presaged a new day in politics where reason would replace rancor.  silly duck.  and now his presidency is circling the drain.  only a huge republican screw up can save the democrats in november and in two years.  the republicans are fully capable of that.  they are, after all, the party of tea parties and sarah palin. 

as long as there are republicans there will always be irresponsible, disrespectful untruths.



posted by the language guy at 11:57 am
       |
         21 comments

tweet this! 






wednesday, may 12, 2010





	 will twitter and sms messages kill serious communication
	 



i was asked the question posed in the title of this blog and was somewhat puzzled as to why one might think that communications restricted to 140 characters would somehow cause us to cease to be able to write serious communications.  i then encountered the link associated with the title of this blog wherein it is said
those that say that text-writing is not ruining communication are not  living in the real world. i have heard from many freshman writing  professors at colleges who complain about their student's writing. why  hasn't this been addressed before they reached that point? why isn't  anyone telling kids that it is not acceptable to write the same way for  an academic paper as it is to write to your friend.of course, it is inappropriate to employ the same writing style in a term paper or exam as one uses in a sms or twitter message.  but the problem is not that writing sms and twitter messages is harmful per se.  the problem is that teachers are insufficiently stressing the importance of using formal language in writing test answers, essays, job applications, and anything else meant for adults, including especially people one needs to impress.

i think many adults who are being dragged into the world of electronic, non-voice communication find these highly abbreiated messages somehow offensive in and of themselves.  the writer of hte previsiously quoted passage goes on to say
personally, when my teenage daughter leaves me notes on the table  expressing that she will "c u l8r," i cringe. i actually circle the  inappropriate language and leave her a note telling her that i expect a  better note than that. this is some ugly stuff, no doubt but it is easy to figure the meaning out.  but if the mother thought that this was too abbreviated, i wonder what she would make of a famous telegraphic exchange between oscar wilde and his publisher.  the former sent the message "?"  and the publisher replied "!".  each knew what the other was saying -- "how is the book coming along?" and "it is coming along well."


i agree that the very ugly abbreviations one finds in twitter messages and text messages can be quite off-putting to novices (such as myself).  but they are, after all, abbreviations for words, not substitutes for them.  they are no different from the messages doctors write on prescriptions such as "b.i.d." or "a.u." or "cc."  i think we ought to be a great deal less happy with this sort of communication than the abbreviated texts of sms and twitter messages.  the unfortunate thing about this is that if we could understand exactly what doctors are writing on our scripts, then we could catch any errors the pharmacies or, for that matter, the doctors make.

there is a positive side to the writing of sms and twitter messages.  anyone attempting to obey the 140 character limit (rather than simply sending one sms message right after another) will inevitably learn to craft succinct messages.  this is a good thing.  all writing is improved by developing succinctness in expressing oneself.  and writing is improved simply by writing itself and what we are seeing from our children is vastly more writing being done now than in several generations.labels: 140 character limit, medical abbreviations on scripts, sms messages, telegrams, twitter messages



posted by the language guy at 9:08 am
       |
         14 comments

tweet this! 






friday, may 07, 2010





	 wearing a burka in public
	 



i just saw a news story coming from the bbc describing a case in which a woman wearing a burka in novara in north-western italy was arrested.  the wearing of a full face covering in public places that prevents identification was made illegal in italy as part of an anti-terrorism effort. the lower house in belgium has just passed, with no dissent, a law against the wearing of burkas in certain public places. the french moved in this direction in 2009 but no law was passed as far as i know.

now, there is nothing specifically linguistic about this of course except that a law banning a "full-face covering" would be one thing and a law banning a "burka" using these phrases specifically, would be interpreted very differently.  a law mentioning the latter would constitute religious discrimination.  a law banning the former would not even though it could have the same effect.

there are huge cans of worms lying about here.  what about a child wearing a ghost costume that covers the face, as well as the rest of the body?  or, more seriously, the wearing of balaclavas in very cold weather, something that i have done. compare the image of someone wearing a balaclava (upper photo) with one of someone wearing a burka (lower photo).

it seems pretty clear to me that the person wearing the balaclava is a woman but i could be wrong.  that's less clear in the case of the burka.  however, either garment would be very effective in concealing one's identity in a store robbery.  persons wearing burka's have committed crimes, as in a case in bradford, england where two persons pistol-whipped a post office manager in a daylight robbery.  of course, the balaclava is the standard covering for those wishing to commit crimes without giving away who they are.  there is a nice cartoon at cartoonstock.com in which an alien is depicted wearing a balaclava.

what we have here are items of clothing with significant symbolic meaning.  in my mind, balaclavas signify something a bit disreputable -- when i wear mine when going out to a football game in november, i do not put it on until i am on campus where there is a good chance i will not be perceived as someone about to commit a stick up.  burkas obviously signify that the wearer is a muslim.  the problem with them is that to many non-muslims, it signifies a woman under the control of a man.  in the italian case, the husband demanded that his wife not take the burka off.  this kind of marital relationship is offensive to many non-muslims such as me.  of course, to outlaw the burka would be a brute force way of expressing one's disfavor and wouldn't change the relationship between husband and wife.  burka's also, thanks to the association of head coverings like this to muslim terrorists, signfy the possibility of danger.  two males wearing burkas covering vests packed with explosives in afghanistan were shot dead before they could detonate the devicies.

making it illegal to wear a burka/balaclava in the commission of a crime would not deal with the public safety issues raised by the wearing of such items of clothing.  in the case of a robber who is later caught you could stick a few more years on the ends of his sentence.  but, there is no similar punishment available to the successful suicide bomber.  the the only recourse the society has is to make the wearing of either item illegal in public.  in quebec, when bill restricting the wearing of burkas was announced, it was said 
this bill has nothing to do with religion, and everything to do with  integration and equality.this is, of course, bullshit.  such an argument would make sense if it applied to all wearing of all ethnically identifiable clothing. as i noted, banning burkas doesn't change marital relationships so its not clear what sort of equality is achieved by banning them.

to my mind, there is one and only one sound reason for banning wearing of burkas and, for that matter, balaclavas, in public and that is to promote public safety.  it is not often that a muslim woman wearing a burka is going to be blowing up anything anywhere, but as in the afghanistan case, burkas can be worn by men who wish to exploit the fact that women rarely commit crimes of violence.  adding the balaclava to the burka in one's law makes sense for they too have been used to conceal the identities of persons committing crimes and it rids the law of any association with anti-muslim bias.  i will find another way to protect myself from the cold in the future if such a law is passed.  and, i can still wear mine at home when snow-plowing.  however, it is not clear to me that the public safety issue is worth the trouble a law like this would create.labels: balaclava, belgium, burka, france, italy, public policy, quebec



posted by the language guy at 9:37 am
       |
         7 comments

tweet this! 






friday, february 12, 2010





	 toyota apology
	 



i have been trying to find the full text of toyota's apology for the safety problem that has finally resulted in a massive recall of their vehicles for repair of their accelerators.  sadly, i fear the full text  consists of this:
 “i offer my apologies for the worries,“ [akio toyoda] said. “many customers are wondering whether their cars are ok.“ this is shockingly inadequate, as so may apologies these days are.  this lays the problem entirely on  the consumer -- consumer worries and wondering whether their cars are ok, not on toyota's manufacturing defective cars and its failure to respond immediately to the problem once it was brought to their attention.

this is like the ubiquitous, "if i have offended you by [my saying that you are a fat cow], i am sorry."  this sort of aplogy does not apologize for calling the person a fat cow but for offending him or her, which is entirely different and is consistent with the idea that the listener's being offended is his or her problem, not the speaker's problem.  mr. toyoda could have said, "i am sorry that we made defective cars and put your lives in jeopardy," but he didn't.  what is worse, we have here a classic example of "too little; too late."  state farm reported the problem to the nhtsa in 2007.  even more disturbing is the fact that nhtsa was getting complaints about acceleration problems in toyotas in 2003. i have to believe toyota was the first to know about it but chose to put its head in the sand.  the recall is going to cost $900 million by one estimate.  and they are losing something like $1.55 million per week in sales.  no wonder putting their heads in the sand seemed attractive.

i own a 12-13 year old toyota pick up that has served me well.  and my wife has a rav4.  she is a little concerned that she will have accelerator problems.  her fears are due entirely to the fact that toyota has been totally unforthcoming about exactly what cars, made when are vulnerable to the problem.labels: automobile recall, inadequate apologies, nhtsa, state farm, toyrota



posted by the language guy at 9:28 am
       |
         3 comments

tweet this! 






sunday, january 24, 2010





	 what was alan alda thinking?
	 



my wife and i just finished watching alan alda's pbs thing on the "human spark."  he's a smart guy and funny but what was he thinking when he endorsed the notion that there is a "human spark?"  and what were these harvard and oxford and other scientists thinking?

i have had some experience with media sorts and they are very fond of "hooks" that one can use to snag an audience and keep it.  the hook this time is the notion of a "human spark" -- something we have but that chimps and no other species (on this planet) have.  this is a terrible metaphor.  we know that it takes a spark to ignite gasoline fumes in an automobile cylinder and that this is the most proximate cause of the piston's moving downward thereby assisting the engine in its effort to ...  i don't want to get into automobile stuff.  i would be way out of my depth.  however, i am inclined to think that the evolution of those human qualities that distinguish us from chimps and other life forms might be just a bit more complicated than this metaphor makes it out to be.

the terrible thing about this metaphor is that it works better for "sophisticated" intelligent design people than for darwinists.  if intelligent design people are willing to concede that we and the chimps have a common origin, they need only then say, "aha, alda is with us.  we are the life forms god sparked into humanhood by causing us to be capable of forming complex intentions, recognizing complex intentions in others, and imagining future actions."  unsophisticated intelligent design people need only say that god dropped us on the planet pre-sparked.

the show actually admitted that chimps are capable of forming intentions and recognizing intentions in others (but not as well as we do).  about the future, they don't seem to think too much but to suppose they can't think about the immediate future is absurd.  indeed the show proved otherwise as when it was argued that alpha males may choose to share with females based on attempting to curry favor with them.  back in the day when i followed research on chimp linguistic development, i formed the view that the researchers who did this work were not always the sharpest academic tacks.  in my view, they tended to be so empathetic with their research subjects that they were willing to think things that just might not be true.

in the show, the human spark seemed to be whatever "sparked" the conjoint abilities to "read other's minds and travel in time," as alda put it.  let me show you a picture they showed of the areas of the brain that light up when these two abilities are activated.  notice that these two parts of the brain are not adjacent.  two questions arise in my mind: how did a single spark ignite abilities requiring two different parts of the brain to be be realized and how is it that so much of one part of the brain manage to be recruited for this realization.

perhaps i am being a bit too simplistic here but i am not at all sure that these two abilities are so different.  if a crucial feature of humans, one shared by chimps, is our socialization then thinking about the future -- making plans for the future -- must crucially have involved making plans in connection with others.  and making plans in connection with others would seem to require an ability to form views as to others' intentions.  a harvard professor did note that both abilities involve escaping one's present point of view.  i can imagine that being able to escape one's present point of view could have been a precursor to the gradual evolving of these abilities over a very long time.labels: alan alda, brain storm, human spark, intelligent design, pbs, thinking about the future. other minds



posted by the language guy at 11:45 am
       |
         16 comments

tweet this! 










about me

name:  the language guy 
location:  columbus, ohio, united states 
i am a professor emeritus in linguistics at the ohio state university.
view my complete profile


check out boomer buckeye for my very occasional views on college football and hammer's stuff for comments on the surviving life.

        tweet this
    

please tweet your micro-thoughts to me.  macro-thoughts can go in the comments section.
twitter updates

follow me on twitter




links
ibadairon blog
frolics with words
bling blog
blogos
c. callosum
close range
semantic compositions
language hat
language log
literal-minded
phonoloblog
wordlab
polyglot conspiracy
chris's linguistics blog
invented usage
previous posts

why i pay no attention to politics
will twitter and sms messages kill serious communi...
wearing a burka in public
toyota apology
what was alan alda thinking?
is avatar racist?
the itouch and the mytouch
the more you spend the more you save
israeli linguist  a bit too full of herself
the right wing propaganda machine

 
blog menu


language and linguistics

what 
     is linguistics 
neologisms
the meaning of "meaning"
 weasel words -- the modal verbs
language and logic
kilpatrick is, like, an ignoramous
parts of speech -- nonboring discussion
incomprehensible language
 language universals and language learning
the origin of language
 the language of art and other nonsense, a somewhat nutty blog 
 spelling and spelling bees
    spoken vs. written language
the role of intuition in linguistics
 rock and roll and forensic linguistics
 individual dolphins have names?
 the defenders of american english are at it again
 the oldest evidence of writing in the americas
 the olmec slab
 the danger of metaphors
 the language of e-mail spam
 the meaning of "winning"
 on the importance of grammar
 political labels as epithets
language games in canada
 the big question: how did language evolve? -- i
 how did language evolve? -- ii
 the evolution of language -- iii
 the evolution of language -- iv
 public communications -- who is the audience?
jungle woman
 the perils of sloppy language use
 reviving dead languages
 medical mumbo jumbo
 at our earliest convenience
 voice risk analysis
 "nappy headed hos"
 a note on "ho"
 insane, blind, and deaf and dumb
 verbal chaos -- naming the original inhabitants of canada
 how important is language death?
  confusing grammar and meaning
what counts as a mistake?
 "retard"
 mr. 85
israeli linguist a bit too full of herself 
the more you spend the more you save
the itouch and the mytouch 
journalism
unnamed sources
journalistic bias
bias in news reporting
 present tense in journalism
 saying what you mean
  a solution to the problem of feisty reporters
advertising
"more for less" claims
"up to" claims
weasel words - 
  modals 
"no alcohol added" 
success through language!
the great "net carbs" scam 
 wendy's artisan bread: please give us a break 
 an advertiser speaketh with forked tongue 
the world's greatest olympian 
 law
language and death penalty -  
     - i
language and death penalty -      - ii

interpreting the constitution

 language in the law

why is legal language impenetrable?

another witless linguistic error by the supremes

still another witless supreme court interpretation 

a well-regulated militia

al qaeda, the international communist conspiracy, and the bogeyman

perjury, false statements, and obstruction
 a reasonable degree of scientific certainty

clarence thomas speaks!
 do us prosecutors have a sense of humor?
 the supremes dance with death
 the ada vs the university of michigan
cognition and epistemology
the language of causation

george bush and mrs. malaprop

 saying you "know" something to be true.-- i

 saying you "know" something to be true.-- ii

 conspiracy theories, science, and intelligent design

  the use of simplification in scientific research

 god, time, matter, energy, causation, and the universe 
 gender and sex -- full circle 
 thinking in similes 
the language of time 
politics
orwell
west virginia and the english language
lamguage and persuasion and bush's war
george uses a big word 
 bush's best case scenario thinking goes wrong again 
 our war president 
is the us a free country?
 on the danger of criticizing our middle-east policy
 i'm the decider
sleeping with hamas
 the us may be joining the french
terrorisim
 data mining
 cut and run
 security vs freedom
 does iraq already have a civil war?
 hamas, hezbollah, israel, and the death of language
 war and boredom
 terrorists and freedom fighters
 liberals and the death of the democratic party
 mrs. malaprop stikes george down again
 civilian casualites
 is the u.s. the evilest nation in the world?
 it's republican lyng time
 domestic terrorists 
 the language of winning and losing
 rummy says war critics are appeasers
 the language of appeasement
 mind bending with language -- george f. will
 goldberg's specious iraq war argument
 kerry's joke
 i am in despair
 iraq and the usa: dueling conditionals
 the vanity of king george
 9/11 -- the "gift" that just keeps giving/a>
 hillary
 does iraq have a civil war redoux?
 a clean black man
 supporting the troops
 winning vs losing in iraq
 why the democrats can't stop the iraq war
 bush and blair: liars or fools?
 the petreas report as brought to you by...
 on believing generals on active duty
 the american exit from iraq
 bush will lie about iraq again and isn't even hiding his chicanry
 john mccain's temper
 gains in iraq
 are we better off overall?
 bush's anti-terrorist language reform
 america is not america
the privatization of social securty
 is mccain stupid, a liar, or just extremely forgetful?
 al queda #2 has alzheimers
barack obama is a white man
iran disinformation in re israel
the right wing propaganda machine
society
i don't mean to be rude, but 
bad words 
he's my bitch 
sticks and stones 
spanglish 
proper english 
yes, but... 
political correctness -- a test case 
more on the ncaa and school nicknames 
a rose by any other name is just as thorny
 the last bastion of pc prejudice 
 on protecting the institution of marriage 
 more on pc racial and ethnic prejudice 
the french and their language 
 "hey, fatso" and political correctness 
 ethnic profiling, the police, and us 
  do women talk too much? 
  correcting others 
 when an apology isn't 
 barack obama is a white man 
 mental retardation -- political correctness 
 political correctness gone crazy 
is avatar racist? 
  religion
 intelligent design, stupid people 
 on some replies to the abortion blog 
what constitutes a human? 
 christian nonsense about evolution and the bible   
 why sciences cannot provide the whole truth  
 language and the abortion controversy  
a note on intelligent design  
a feeling of understanding 
 how to think -- a blog in which i toot my horn too much 
anselm's argument for the existence of god 
heaven and hell 
 the rebranding of god 
 are science and religion in conflict? 
 is islam a religion of peace? 
 playing god 
 the christian right and ostriches  
god spoke life into us?  
 the meaning of life  
miscellaneous
pet linguistic
     peeves 
 a fun linguistic internet scam
sexism in language -- i
sexism in language -- ii
language and women's place -- a personal blog
 the language of art and other nonsense, a somewhat nutty blog
and just put it on
kilpatrick is at it again
love at first sight
the language of script writing 
 to do or not to do
 the effortless superiority of the brits
 mel gibson's anti-semitic dunken rant
 mens and women's brains are different?
 the female brain lady
 is the war on terror a war?
 chomsky and chavez
 is foley a sexual predator?
 global warming and global cooling
on "deaf culture" and gallaudet university
 borat
 celebrities and racist talk
 still another actor acting out his prejudices
the inadequacies of k-12 teaching
 a world spinning our of control
 the meaning of "reward"
    bridges and other dangerous things
  the difficulty in being french 
 the end is nigh!  
on be look professional 


 
recent comments

 susan // 
              
              2:28 pm
 full metal attorney // 
              
              11:53 pm
 rita // 
              
              12:54 am
 anonymous // 
              
              1:02 pm
   // 
              
              10:30 pm
 the language guy // 
              
              9:58 am
 concerned citizen // 
              
              1:12 am
 the language guy // 
              
              10:24 am
 full metal attorney // 
              
              2:34 pm
 rita // 
              
              12:13 am
 full metal attorney // 
              
              1:41 pm
 anonnymouse // 
              
              1:45 pm
 the language guy // 
              
              5:19 pm
 anonnymouse // 
              
              7:52 am
 the language guy // 
              
              10:35 am
 full metal attorney // 
              
              12:50 pm
 full metal attorney // 
              
              12:51 pm
 hassan // 
              
              9:02 am
 hassan // 
              
              3:06 am
 full metal attorney // 
              
              2:42 am
 anonymous // 
              
              10:35 am
 doe smith // 
              
              3:34 pm
 todd // 
              
              10:07 pm
 anonymous // 
              
              2:11 pm
 rita // 
              
              11:50 pm
 priscila // 
              
              8:06 am
 淑君 // 
              
              10:53 pm
 priscila // 
              
              9:44 am
 le vent fripon // 
              
              6:41 am
 johannes refsdal // 
              
              1:47 pm
 the language guy // 
              
              1:55 pm
 ibadairon // 
              
              5:11 am
 samuel // 
              
              8:24 am
 the language guy // 
              
              12:33 pm
 anonymous // 
              
              10:48 am
 shakir // 
              
              6:40 pm
 the language guy // 
              
              7:26 pm
 unknown // 
              
              11:38 pm
 obscurely diverse // 
              
              9:04 am
 walter aprile // 
              
              12:25 pm
 the language guy // 
              
              1:00 pm
 anonymous // 
              
              10:39 am
 rita // 
              
              10:55 pm
 backorder // 
              
              12:47 am
 anonymous // 
              
              10:42 am
 mrs. geezerette // 
              
              6:03 pm
 rita // 
              
              12:30 am
 the language guy // 
              
              10:13 am
 mrs. geezerette // 
              
              12:37 am
 rita // 
              
              11:10 pm
 mrs. geezerette // 
              
              12:32 am
 rita // 
              
              11:27 am
 mrs. geezerette // 
              
              12:01 am
 rita // 
              
              10:42 pm
 mrs. geezerette // 
              
              12:35 am
 mrs. geezerette // 
              
              12:43 am
 rita // 
              
              7:54 pm
 mrs. geezerette // 
              
              12:46 am
 michele // 
              
              4:45 pm
 michele // 
              
              4:45 pm
 rodolfo barbaste // 
              
              12:13 pm

archives

february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
may 2010
september 2010















 



