





















beloit college - liberal arts college in wisconsin




          





top of page







deposit


visit


give


news


calendar


for beloiters














beloit college


   





deposit


visit


give


news


calendar


for beloiters






academics


admissions


student life


athletics


alumni


our story






 search beloit college 









                  see yourself here
                
                  meet your people
                  beloiters are united in their uniqueness, believe in the strength of an inclusive community, learn from the world around them, and stay connected for a lifetime.
                applyvisitthis is beloit
                design your experience
              
                academics
              
                  beloiters learn in every nook and cranny of this place. our flexible curriculum allows you to become your best self — entrepreneur, activist, scholar, and human. and your trusted advisors and mentors will give you support and encouragement along the way.
                explore majors about academics










professor of anthropology shannon fie works with students individually in the logan museum lab.
                the beloit impact
              
                schools at beloit
              
                  beloit college is creating schools to help you align your major and coursework with professional opportunities throughout your four years here.
                
                  between what you learn in the classroom and specialized skills development, certifications, internships and job experiences, you’ll leave beloit well-prepared for a successful and meaningful future.
                explore schools
                admission stats
              
                        98% of students receive gift aid
                      
                        we work with you to determine what affordability means, and we partner with each family to make an investment in a beloit education possible.
                      
                        93% of beloiters are employed or enrolled in graduate school within six months of graduation
                      
                        when your college experience includes internships, study abroad, mentored research, and personal initiatives, good things tend to happen.
                      
                        100% test-optional
                      
                        you’re an individual, and we’ll review your application as an individual as well. we’ll take the time to understand your unique educational experience and evaluate how you’ve performed and challenged yourself in the context of the resources available to you.
                      why beloit?
                the beloit value
              
                  the value of your education can’t be quantified in ones and zeros. it’s a new perspective on the world, an unbeatable student experience, and a network for life. beloit is worth it.
                tuition & aidadmissions








beloit’s highly ranked studio art programs combine theory and practice, allowing access to great campus resources like the wright museum.
                student stories
              
                          finding family from abroad to beloit
                        
                          finding opportunityjacopo tamburini’27, aina mallorqui’26, and candis damste’24 all ventured to beloit from abroad to continue their athletic and academic careers. the three have thrived athletically and also have enjoyed college life in many different ways outside of athletics.read their stories





                          off the hill and into the community
                        
                          the beloit impact
                            the impact beloit community fellows program is helping develop the next generation of community leaders, including nicolas “nico” doret’24 with the beloit international film festival, shakira wilson’24 with the merrill community center, and matt o’leary’23 with the beloit sky carp minor league baseball team.
                          read their stories





                          “the world is never that far away”
                        
                          shared passionsmeet twins farah and ariana tolu-honary’24 and their younger sister, mina’26. though they run in different circles on campus and studied abroad in three different places to improve their language skills in three different languages, the sisters all share the goal of becoming teachers or professors.read their story







                          future public policy leader
                        
                          aspiring professionalmartu kollie’24 traversed the country to the university of washington for its junior summer institute, learning about public policy through seven-week courses in economics, quantitative methods, policy analysis, and contemporary global issues. “there are lots of nuances playing into policy making,” she says.read martu’s story





                          exploring environmental justice in the wild
                        
                          inspirational experiencesabhey guram’24 was one of many students who visited the wilderness field station in ely, minnesota as a part of a summer environmental justice course. he sat down with lucas krueger’24, ela heywood’26, and course instructor pablo toral, to relive our experiences and and share the insights gained that summer.read their story





                work hard, play hard
              
                athletics
              
                  beloit bucs succeed on and off the field, in the lab and outside the box. with the guidance of coaches and teammates, student-athletes learn invaluable skills to put into practice every day.
                recruit meabout athletics











                join in the fun
              
                student life
              
                  take charge of your schedule, activities, and involvement. join a few things and see what fits. create events. explore. let loose. the world is your oyster. 
                clubs & orgsrecreation











                admission stats
              
                        #1 most diverse college in wisconsin
                      rankings aren’t everything, but this is one we are proud of: niche rates beloit college as the number one most diverse college in wisconsin. this matters here. it is who we are and who we want to be. perspective, experiences, and uniqueness only make us stronger and better.
                      
                        50+ student organizations
                      
                        get involved and help create the campus you want. lead, manage, contribute, change, challenge, and help define our community. and have fun along the way.
                      
                        #16 first year experience - u.s. news and world report
                      
                        your experience inside and outside of the classroom is so important, and that’s our priority.
                      
                hit the ground running
              
                career readiness
              
                  with a beloit education (and experiences with schools and impact beloit) under your belt, you’ll be prepared for wherever life takes you, from your first job to your future career and everywhere in between. 
                work experiencesentrepreneurship









                the world needs an education that works.
              
                  we’re bringing it to life.
                take a virtual tourbecome a beloiter


















beloit college




offices & services


employment


directions


privacy policy


editor login

















 follow beloit college on instagram


 follow beloit college on facebook


 follow beloit college on x/twitter


 follow beloit college on linkedin


 follow beloit college on youtube




            700 college st., beloit, wisconsin 53511
          

608-363-2000


            © 2025 beloit college. all rights reserved.
          



back to top of page




    this site uses cookies to improve your experience. read our web privacy policy for more information.
got it! ×













