




















































	
        
        the town of arnprior







































close alert banner












skip to content




homecontact usfeedback and request for servicenews and notices


















search














the town of arnprior









mobile menu






living hereanimal controlarnprior appbuilding and renovatingcemeterycommunity calendarcommunity groups and service clubscovid-19drinking water and wastewaterfire departmentgarbage and recyclinghealth and wellnessmoving to arnpriorproperty maintenanceproperty taxesroads and transportationschoolssenior services and housingutilitiesvolunteeringrecreation and culturecommunity groups and service clubseventshistory and heritagelibrarymarinamuseumnick smith centreparks, beaches, trails and outdoor rinksrecreation programsrentalsseniors active living centreshop localskating and shinnyswimming and pool programsvolunteeringvisiting arnpriorbuilding and planningbuilding and renovatingdevelopment chargesinquiries and pre-consultationplanning applications and feesplanning and developmentzoningofficial planbuilding permitsbusiness and developmentbusiness resourcescontact usgrants and fundingjob postingsopen a businesstenders and proposalsregister your businessbusiness directorywhy arnprioravailable property and landtown hallaccessibilityagenda and minutesapplications, licences and permitsarnprior appbudget and financesby-lawscommissioner of oathscommittees and boardscomplaints and feedbackcontact uscouncilengagement and surveysfreedom of informationgrants, awards and commemorative namingjob postingsnews and noticesparkingplans, reports and studiestenders and proposals




























read moreexplore our current projectslearn more about the current projects happening in arnprior.read moresign up for e-billing for utility billsdid you know the town of arnprior has implemented an e-billing option for water and wastewater utility bills?read more2025 pet registrations now openyou can now register your dog and/or cat for their 2025 pet tags. read morewinter parking restrictionsrestrictions are in effect from 12am to 7am to allow for our crews to clear the roads for your safety.







news and notices

view all

                                            
    
        arnprior life is a quarterly publication that highlights all the town has to offer. click here to read the winter edition.



loading news feed...








upcoming events & reminders

loading calendar feed...

view all
council & committee meetings

loading calendar feed...

view all







popular services


applications, licences and permitsgarbage and recyclingjob postingsa to z servicesrecreation and cultureparks, beaches and trailsbuilding and renovatingcontact us






connect with us






click here for public works after-hours emergencies








stay in touch
sign up to receive information from the the town of arnprior directly to your inbox. check out the various categories of general news, and emergency notifications.
subscribe today















 living hererecreation and culturebuilding and planningbusiness and developmenttown hall 


address: town of arnprior, 105 elgin st. west, arnprior, on k7s 0a8
    phone: 613.623.4231, fax: 613.623.8091






© 2021 the town of arnprior
freedom of informationsitemapwebsite feedbackcontact us



designed by esolutionsgroup






































close old browser notification


browser compatibility notification
it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.









