



self clinching standoffs and fasteners from clinch fast inc.











fasteners and standoffs  - metric
and unified sizes



phone 763-444-4386      fax 763-444-4699
24812 ulysses court
isanti, mn 55040


fasteners@clinchfast.com


specials & non standard items are our specialty.

delivery 1-3 weeks
all clinch fast products are rohs compliant.

self clinching standoffs
our standoffs install with a squeeze in punched or drilled round holes and
become permanently mounted in a thin sheet.

clinch fast brand standoffs are installed with their heads flush with one surface of the
mounting sheet.  when blind-threaded types are used, outer sheet surfaces are not only
smooth, but closed as well. 

unthreaded standoffs are also available for spacing multi-panel assemblies.

click on the links below for general dimensional information, along with thread size and length ordering information.


ctso, ctsos, ctsoa - ultra thin sheet standoffs (metric)

cso, cson, csoa, csos
thru-hole, threaded standoffs (unified)

part number cross reference guide
material and finish specifications
panel fastener assemblies
ease of assembly and quick removal (without loose hardware) are major reasons
to specify clinch fast panel fasteners.  they satisfy many functional and cosmetic
requirements.  our panel fasteners offer large slotted heads for tool or finger operation and
are also available with a phillips head.  they are made of low carbon steel for use in hrb 
60 or less and in stainless.  click on the links below for dimension tables in both metric and
unified sizes.

cpf30, cpf31, cpf32
part number cross reference guide
material and finish specifications

self clinching spacing or hanging standoffs
the clinch fast is designed so that a pc board or panel can be quickly slipped into place
and then removed from an assembly by simply sliding the board sideways and lifting it off.
this can save valuable time and dramatically reduce the amount of loose hardware 
required.

typically, you will use these standoffs with one standard clinch fast threaded standoff
which accepts a screw to secure the board or component against unwanted movement.

cska
part number cross reference guide
material and finish specifications

other clinch fast fasteners

cb, cbs, xkf2, xkfs2

blind fasteners  ---  broaching fasteners
part number cross reference guide
ccss, 
ccsos, xkfe, xkfse, csoag, csosg, cdso, cdsos

concealed-head standoffs  ---  broaching standoffs  ---  grounding standoffs  ---  
  connector standoffs
part number cross reference guide

cibb, cibc, citb, citc, cstkb, cstkc, cisb, cisc, ciub, ciuc, ciutb, 
ciutc, cppb, cpkb, cpflb, cnfpc, cnfpa

molded-in threaded inserts  ---  ultrasonic threaded inserts  ---  press-in threaded inserts

part number cross reference guide

|
about our company
|
contact us
|
home|
|
self clinching standoffs
|
standoffs
|
plastics inserts



visit our sister company 
erickson automatics inc. for screw machining
 (multi-spindle automatics, with pickoff's and back finishing to complete parts in one operation, to 1 1/4 in.), 
cnc machining (c axis positioning and live tooling to 1 1/16 in.), swiss cnc machining (13 axis and up to 44 tools for
concurrent machining functions .118 to 1.250 in.) and swiss escomatic machining (from .030 to .156 in.).

don't forget to bookmark us!  



directions to 
clinch fast inc24800 ulysses ct neisanti mn 55040
north of minneapolis, minnesota

link to our sales rep's web site
other resources page


