






la eruv .com :: los angeles community eruv












































 skip to main contentlos angeles community eruvcontact
membership

eruv status subscribe / unsubscribe
dedications: major donors


la eruv guide

rabbinic endorsements
boundaries
building an eruv – costs & a picture history

connecting to street lights
fixing the eruv – stories
rabbis in the sky – checking the eruv


permission from los angeles
the teichman adapter
in the news

jerusalem post: la jews meet resistance to eruv wall
la times: kindred spirits can call this place home
the eruv and the december 2017 skirball fire




donate
sponsor a week!

status – history



main contentshabbat yitro – 5785february 14-15, 2025
17 shvat 5785

the eruv is up.
the eruv is unsponsored.
this week’s repairs: 

 10 fwy & fairfax to la cienega: tightened sagging line
cahuenga & sunset-selma: tightened sagging lines

cahuenga & hollywood-yucca: trimmed palm tree on west side of the street


weekly, monthly and annual co-sponsorship opportunities are available.

donate now:  www.laeruv.com/donate


support the la eruv
the los angeles community eruv (la eruv) was built to enhance the experience of shabbos in our community.
increased togetherness, better access to shul, additional options for the young and elderly – all are facilitated by an eruv.
whether there is a reliable eruv is one of the first questions a young family asks about a neighborhood.
our la eruv is one of the few institutions that serves our city’s entire shabbos-observant community.
we are grateful to have support from a wide spectrum of shuls throughout the city.
we are also very grateful to the many families who have stepped up this month to contribute to the eruv. we are well aware that our efforts are of avail without your support.  thank you.
thank you again for your generous, and ongoing support of our eruv.
funds are used for operations and maintenance of the los angeles eruv.
learn why it costs money to maintain an eruv.
the la eruv needs your support. we are looking for families willing to take personal responsibility for supporting the la eruv on an ongoing basis. the time to offer your support for the la eruv is now. please consider one of the following methods:
send a check to:
los angeles community eruv
p.o. box 35028
los angeles, ca 90035
donate
one time,
annually,
monthly, or
dedicate a week
by credit card (processed by paypal) or paypal to paypal@laeruv.com.
email us at info@laeruv.com to arrange a donation personally.

thank you from the la eruv executive committee:
dmitry farbarov
seth merewitz
aharon cooper
howard witkin, executive director




communications
subscribe/unsubscribe to the eruv status notification email list.
visit and join the los angeles eruv facebook page.
see us on the los angeles eruv twitter page.
subscribe to the weekly status  whatsapp group:1) text firstname lastname eruv to 424 - 772 - 3499or 2) click hereor 3) scan here: 



patrons

gratefully acknowledgingthe support of




mail checks to:
los angeles community eruv
p.o. box 35028
los angeles, ca 90035
if you have problems with the donation forms,  send an email to questions@laeruv.com or ipaid@laeruv.com
you can also print out and fax the form above to 888-323-0932 or scan and email it to ipaid@laeruv.com
federal tax id:  95-3287926


thank you to the hundreds of families that support our eruv every year


search the la eruv website
search this website
contact
membership
la eruv guide
donate
sponsor a week!
copyright © 2025 · laeruv.com · log in web hosting and the email notification service for the la eruvhave been donated by sukkah hill spirits in memory of shoyal aharon ben herschel mordechai halevi.the eruv was designed and built in his merit. may his neshama have an aliyah. 













