


cyclone ultrasonic fogger - by nutramist















home
applications

fog hydroponics
propagation
foliar feeding
humidification
pest control
mycology


product

foggers
gardens
accessories
warranty


tech specs

general information
sizing
retrofitting


contact










the cyclone mkivthe nutramist line of high performance ultrasonic foggers and fogponic accessories are designed to maximize output and minimize maintenance. use with the 16oz. on-board reservoir for spot treatments or connect to any size external reservoir for continuous operation.  nutramist cyclone ultrasonic fogging technology can be used for many horticultural and industrial applications. these include, but are not limited to: growroom & greenhouse humidity generation, mycology, fogponics, propagation, foliar feeding, ultra low volume pesticide application, mycology, disinfection* and odor removal. (* tested with hypochlorous acid, puregreen 24®, 3% h2o2, peracetic acid)
cyclone ultrasonic foggers have been used by:

 
popular applications include:



fogponics
when traditional hydroponic/ aeroponic methods are combined with a gentle fog, upper air roots receive the benefits of having unlimited access to oxygen, stimulants and supplements. the result is a superior root system.


humidification
the nutramist fogger can also be used to provide additional humidity in the grow room and greenhouse as the ultra-fine fog vaporizes entirely within seconds after release.


propagation
whether you're starting from seeds or cuttings, once the initial roots emerge from your starting medium, growth explodes. the accompanying photo shows a habanero pepper seedling just 36 hours after sprouting from a seed.


pest control
the idea of using the nutramist ultrasonic fogging mechanism to create a more effective delivery method for direct acting pest controls has been extensively researched and documented.


foliar feeding
foliar treatments are literally inhaled by leaves since the nutramist fog is so fine. leaves are never left soaking wet which prevents dreaded mildew and mold outbreaks.


mycology
growing mushrooms indoors is a challenge. humidity, temperature and cleanliness of the air in the environment must be strictly controlled. nutramist can help mycologists gain better control over their craft. 


© 2022 nutramist



