




































aggregate equipment | mining equipment | kemper equipment
























find us on:    
610-273-2066








about

 why kemper
 our mission
 our team
 careers



equipment

 rock crushers
 screens
 conveyors
 portable crushing, screening & wash plants
 washing plants
 mineral processing
 quarry and construction aggregate equipment
 used equipment
 in-stock
 product lines


parts
design/build
 rockstar service
success stories

 case studies
 project photos


 blog
contact
610-273-2066










 design, manufacturing & supply
      of material handling solutions 










check out what is available in 2023










material processing equipment to move rock, gravel, sand, minerals & everything else
here at kemper equipment, we're all about construction aggregates and mineral processing,  helping you run your operation more efficiently. we'll help your operation reduce downtime, increase production, and make you more profitable. we accomplish this with decades of experience in material handling, crushing and screening, conveyor systems and wash equipment, and by selling only top-name aggregate equipment and mining equipment from companies like terex mps, remco, thor and more.  we also manufacture conveyors, supports, hoppers and chute in-house to ensure quality.
our commitment to the best products and services yields remarkable results for our customers. but most importantly, we take time to listen to make sure we're providing solutions specifically tailored to your operation.
who is kemper equipment?
    get to know us better... watch a video 









trust our expertise
your production plant is special, and we get it. we don't apply the same brands and types of aggregate equipment, mining equipment, and parts to every customer. we specify the material handling and mineral processing equipment that's designed to meet your specific issues and challenges. if it's not going to improve your output, we're not going to propose it. our decades of equipment and parts experience—combined with innovative design and manufacturing—means we get it right the first time, then provide service after the sale to help you achieve your goals.


  
rock crushers

you'll find that here at kemper, we offer a wide variety of different types of crushing equipment. each is designed to meet a specific need relating to the product you're looking to make and how much throughput you need. we'll help you select the best crusher from our lineup covering cone crushers, impact crushers, jaw crushers, and gyratory crushers.

  
screening plants

it's no secret that the right screen and aggregate equipment can make a huge difference in your processing operation. luckily, we have a wide variety of new and used equipment here at kemper. our screening equipment includes incline, vibrating, and shaker styles, along with dewatering screens and feeders. we know which offering will best fit your aggregate production needs and budget.

  
aggregate conveyors

conveyor systems—it's one of the things we do best. kemper creates custom, conveyor systems that will take your raw material over land, roadways, and water. our custom manufactured conveyor systems, radial stackers, and telescopic stackers can be combined to take your product almost anywhere. let kemper provide the right aggregate conveyors to transport your materials safely and efficiently.

  
washing plant

sand screws, log washers, aggregate washing equipment, and wet dust suppression systems all play a critical role in your plant operation. when you need to achieve superior product sizing and classification by removing clay, sand, and other debris from products, a washing plant is there to help. and here at kemper equipment, we offer heavy-duty washing equipment that will bring a new level of flexibility to your operations. 




rockstar service
we offer repair and maintenance services, plus training, through our rockstar service program.


we're here to help.
we've been delivering solutions for quarry and mining equipment for years. put that expertise to work for you.
          just give us a call at 610-273-2066 or send us a message using our contact form.








  

looking for crusher, screen, conveyor components or wash parts?
we've got oem (original equipment manufacturer) and aftermarket parts for the best brands, plus the commodities you use the most available 24/7 through our website:


  








meeting your specific needs
great products. experience and innovation. superior service after the sale.
that's our formula for your success when improving your production, whether replacing parts, a retrofit, or a completely new system. we've learned a lot over these 35 years. let us share that knowledge with you.


 
we adapt to your needs

no single solution will work for every material processing plant. each plant has subtleties that make your operation unique. so, we'll work with you to identify and adapt to your needs to make sure your installation checks off all the boxes. our ultimate goal, whether we provide service, parts, or aggregate equipment, is to simplify and improve work processes, give your business high productivity, and reduce your production costs effectively.

 
consult to improve your business

our consulting process starts with getting to know your operation. the more we know, the better material processing solutions we can deliver. how much material do you move in a day? what kinds of bulk materials must you move? how clean must the final product be and at what size? what distances and obstacles must be managed? what issues are you currently experiencing that are reducing your productivity?

 
create a custom plan

getting answers to these kinds of questions allows us to design and build tailor-made aggregate production systems to move large volumes of raw material over land and water where it can be transported by truck, rail, or barge. we'll create a plan to develop a streamlined production plant designed to increase your efficiency and production. we'll also pay attention to potential safety concerns to make sure your operation is a safe work environment.

 
find the solution to your problem

maybe you have some terrain that is preventing you from moving bulk material efficiently. maybe you're unable to get uniform sizes for your final product. maybe your operators are struggling with current aggregate equipment and mining equipment. or maybe it's just taking too long to move raw materials from point a to point b. whatever the issue, we'll design and build a material processing plant that solves each and every problem.

 
provide quality at a low cost

let's face it. cost is always a factor. our goal is to deliver the best material processing solution at a cost that fits your budget. sometimes that means tweaking your existing system with new parts or recommending leasing options instead of purchasing. it might even mean purchasing used aggregate equipment. we'll work with you and your budget to ensure you get a quality solution as quickly and cost effectively as possible.




    watch our mine sand and gravel operation    or       view our in stock portable crushing and screening plants 








get more information on quarry equipment, mining equipment or material handling equipment.

contact us today
























  
 about us
products
parts
design / build 
kemper solutions
rockstar service
blog 
 address:

      5051 horseshoe pike
      honey brook, pa 19344 


 contact us: 

fax: (610) 273-3537

sales@kemperequipment.com


610-273-2066





©
        2025        , kemper equipment. all rights reserved.
 hosting & website services provided by ezmarketing





scroll

