


the provost directory























the provost news

				              model 8 linotype
sample edition

where is provost?

e-mail the news






order a:





- subscription
- classified local ad
- card of thanks or
				                        in memoriam
- blanket alberta
- blanket saskatchewan






other communities

awards

website portfolio

printing

obituary guidelines

one country.
				          one community.
				          one day.

provost fire dept.
				          flashover training




 















































discing fun in bodo




in rounds of discing play in bodo, 22 mixed teams of four take in the action. this photo shows just some of the activity on monday night, february 10. the event began sunday night which included a supper; with games to be held each evening until wednesday. see other photo in the provost news dated february 12, 2025.  ©provost news photo.






									    more pictures, stories can be found in the print edition of the provost news, february 12, 2025 including:

• hayter girl earns gold & silver in skiing at sask cup

• ‘no wind will pierce this coat’

• employment














a smashing warm-up shot




spectators from this side of the plexi-glass had a different view friday night, february 7 — at least momentarily — before the provost combines faced off against the visiting coronation royals in senior hockey action. one of the players must have had plenty of power behind one of his warm-up shots before the match, as the puck shattered the plexi-glass upon impact into what looks like could be a million pieces by the lobby. “usually once every two years, a piece of plexi-glass breaks . . . (you) never know when it goes,” rec director jack mckinlay told the news. he adds that the recreation department is prepared for these kinds of mishaps it delayed the start of the game for a while as the plexi-glass was replaced. john van den elzen of provost took this photo.












this, along with many other stories and pictures can be found in this week's edition of the provost news.

subscribe to the award winning paper by clicking on this link and following the instructions on our secure on-line ordering centre.
take me to the secure on-line ordering centre. click here. 




















































submit news, letters, photos



information on submitting news stories, letters to the editor, and photos to the provost news.




click here 










advertising your message



for information about advertising in the paper, or on the web, click here.




click here 










subscriptions



subscribe or update your mailing address here.




click here 










new to provost?



let us give you a quick tour of your new community. 




click here 















































a total of  people have visited this page.


 







© the provost news.
								reproduction or other use is prohibited without permission of the provost news.














