



believers chapel north





















































   


  









  







												about bcn 
											





 mission & beliefs 
 leadership 







ministries 



calendar 


messages 


contact us 





 
									 sundays @ 10 am 









  



join us sundays and experience the love of god through contemporary worship and dynamic preaching.    × edit article  join us sundays and experience the love of god through contemporary worship and dynamic preaching.  close    

learn more about us










loving god, loving others, making disciples.our mission is "to love god, love others and make disciples," and we'd love the opportunity to share god's love with you in person.  we hope you'll feel welcomed and at home in our church.at believers chapel north, our desire is to make you feel welcomed and included in what we're doing. we believe that we are saved by the grace of god and therefore have no reason to judge or exclude anyone from entering our place of worship. we understand that no one is perfect and won't expect you to be either! our desire is to help you connect and grow into the image of jesus christ.for questions or more information about upcoming events, please call the church office at 315.963.4100.    × edit article  loving god, loving others, making disciples.our mission is "to love god, love others and make disciples," and we'd love the opportunity to share god's love with you in person.  we hope you'll feel welcomed and at home in our church.at believers chapel north, our desire is to make you feel welcomed and included in what we're doing. we believe that we are saved by the grace of god and therefore have no reason to judge or exclude anyone from entering our place of worship. we understand that no one is perfect and won't expect you to be either! our desire is to help you connect and grow into the image of jesus christ.for questions or more information about upcoming events, please call the church office at 315.963.4100.  close   









upcoming events







saturdays from 7-8am
men's bible study
the saturday men’s group will be shifting their focus to a discussion time centered around the bible challenge. see calendar for dates. contact matt scorzelli at 315.256.6592 for more information. contact paula@bcnorth.org for the reading plan.







fridays from 6:30-8:30pm
youth group
join leaders stephen & kayla switzer for a fun & impactful time of learning & growing together! ages 13-18. check our calendar for meeting dates. contact kayla@bcnorth.org for more information.







postponed due to weather
worship weekend
christian & alex from the rochester worship collective will be leading a worship service at bcn on saturday the 15th at 6pm, and again on sunday the 16th during our 10am service. come expecting god to move!







may 2nd & 3rd
men's retreat
save the date for the men's retreat at beaver camp in lowville. a great time for the men to connect with god and with one another! more details to follow.








beginning february 2nd
the bible challenge
are you ready to connect with god and connect with one another? we invite all our church family & friends to join in as we read through the new testament together! contact paula@bcnorth.org for a digital version of the reading plan.







wednesdays @ 6:30pm
women's bible study
all ladies are invited to join us as we dig deeper into god’s word following the reading plan used in the bible challenge. contact paula@bcnorth.org for the reading plan.












  
listen to theweekly sermon-






  
church events calendar-






  
bcn ministries-











 our facebook | 
  give online |  
 contact us 


 join us for worship sunday mornings at 10 am get directions here
 

 © copyright 2025 believers chapel north | powered by enspire media 
  enspire manager











