







peak performance nutrients, inc.








































































































cart
















0






sign in
my account




















            products
          

testimonials


            where to buy
          

            contact us
          







back


            journal reviews
          






































sign in
my account

































cart
















0











products
testimonials

journal reviews

where to buycontact us







sugar free premium horse supplements











scroll








zero sugar equine performance supplementsit’s what your horse wants®




    shop now
  














  

treat your horse like an elite athletepeak performance nutrients strives to provide the very best in feed supplements and health products for horses of all disciplines. since 1997, we have developed these products based on the belief that horses should be treated as elite athletes. elite athletes do not need added sugar to slow them down or fillers to interfere with nutrient absorption. nor do they need feed grade ingredients with higher levels of heavy metals or carrier ingredients. instead, your elite equine athlete needs sugar and filler-free supplements made with food grade ingredients to ensure peak performance and health. they also need the superior formulations from the equine performance supplement specialist, peak performance nutrients.show safe as a leading manufacturer of performance supplements for competition horses, peak performance nutrients, inc. understands the importance of formulating products that work as intended without including prohibited ingredients for specific disciplines during competitions.  we created our show safe icon to identify products that are formulated with ingredients that do not appear on the banned list of ingredients so they are acceptable for all types of competitions.  look for the show safe icon next to each product or call our customer service team for help in deciding which products are acceptable for those subject to in-competition testing. we encourage you to verify our ingredients with the lists shown on feicleansport, usef or the governing body for the discipline in which you are competing.zero sugar horse supplementsexcess sugar or carbohydrate intake over a period of time can cause insulin resistance, a condition similar to type ii diabetes in humans. constant high levels of unused insulin in the body can lead to loss of weight, loss of muscle, lack of stamina and laminitis. because of these issues, all of our products are formulated without using any sugars or "sweet flavorings."filler free horse supplementsfeeding filler free supplements provides several benefits. fillers (such as alfalfa) are often used to enlarge the dose size giving the impression that horse owners "are getting more for their money" when in fact they are feeding less active ingredient per serving. since horses have lower nutrient absorption rates, these fillers can interfere with the absorption of the active ingredients.horse journal ratingstwo of our products, ex stress and perfect balance electrolite, have been named "product of the year" by the horse journal. additionally, seven of our products have been recommended and twelve products in all have been favorably reviewed. since 1997, peak performance nutrients has been formulating and manufacturing award-winning, effective products.we are the manufacturerall of our energy is spent researching and manufacturing supplements. nothing else. because we are the manufacturer, we have total control over the quality of our raw materials, the cleanliness of our gmp compliant facilities and the accuracy of our products so you can rest assured you are purchasing a quality product for your horse.

 




















 



subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you!














































video



intro info










contact uspo box 294036boca raton, fl 33429email: info@peakperformancenutrients.comtoll free: (800) 944-1984outside us/canada: (561) 266-1038



home pageall productsjournal reviewsblog
























newsletter










email address






sign up






thank you!







peak performance nutrients, inc
1505 poinsettia dr. ste 4,
delray beach, fl 33444,
usa
(800) 944-1984
info@peakperformancenutrients.com


hours
mon 8am - 5pm
tue 8am - 5pm
wed 8am - 5pm
thu 8am - 5pm
fri 8:30am - 3pm




©2024 peak performance nutrients, inc. all rights reserved.terms, conditions & return policyprivacy policy












