


african horizons | east africa highlights safari 


 












+254 714 606886 | +254 722 205098safari@african-horizons.comdestinationskenyatanzaniaugandazanzibarrwandathemesguaranteed departuressafari by roadsafari by airsafari by road & airbeach holidaysfamily holidaysmountain climbinggorilla trekkinghorse riding safariscamel trekkingwalking safarisgolfing safarismind & body spa holidaysaccommodationsemi luxury safari lodgessemi luxury safari tented campsexclusive safari lodgesexclusive safari tented campsindian ocean beach resortscity & town hotels / lodgesother travel accommodationexcursionskenya
mombasanairobi

zanzibar
stone town

destination guidekenyatanzaniaugandazanzibarrwandapartners gobootstrap carousel component slider/slideshow/gallery/banner
east africa highlights safaristarting out with a scenic drive down the great rift valley, this safari sets to explore some of kenya’s and tanzania’s premier destinations. enquire nowsimba safarisimba’ means ‘lion’ in swahilia value-for-money safari that delivers optimum variety in the minimum time without sacrificing comfort and time on safari, this road safari features a selection of tried and tested safari lodges. enquire nowmasai mara safarishowcasing the flamingos and rhinos of lake nakuru and a scenic drive down the great rift valley , this road and lodge safari also offers two day’s game-viewing in the world famous masai mara national reserve

bootstrap carousel






featured tours
tanzania cultural safari  - tcs10duration : 10 days 9 nightfrom usd  4276.62a high-value road safari featuring both luxury tented camps and traditional safari lodges, this new safacontinue ...
simba safari - ks8aduration : 8 days 7 nightfrom usd  1147a budget safari that delivers optimum variety in the minimum time without sacrificing comfort on safari, thcontinue ...
serengeti safari 2025 - ts5s |2022duration : 5 days 4 nightfrom usd  2355showcasing the very essence of the serengeti and its surrounding areas, this compact 5-day road safari bcontinue ...
about us
african horizons is one of kenya's finest safari tour operators, specializing in safari planning including, kenya, tanzania, uganda &amp; zanzibar. we specialize in east african safari destinations specifically; kenya, uganda, tanzania, zanzibar and now rwanda. we also bring 20 years of experience to bear upon offering you the breadth of choice, cost-effective options, tailor-made schedules, and guaranteed professional and personal attention that we are confident will make your african experience the best it can possibly be.
 
special offers
tanzania deluxe - td9duration: 9 days 8 nightfrom usd  4824this luxury road and air safari showcase the undiscovered wilderness of tarangire national park, the possibility of seeing the famous tree-clcontinue ...
best of mount kenya climbing - bmk6duration: 6 days 5 nighton this mount kenya safari -  day 1:  morning spent sorting and organizincontinue ...
kiboko safari 2025-kenya & tanzania - kts14-2025duration: 14 days 13 nightfrom usd  4684.93'kiboko' means 'hippo' in swahili
continue ...
why book with us
we realize that in making us your safari planning choice and tour-operator, you enjoy a wider choice than ever before: which is exactly how it should be. however, should you choose african horizons, you have our personal and professional assurance that your expectations will not only be met – but far exceeded.
we look forward to meeting you… and making this happen.
welcome to east africa, or as they say in africa.
‘karibu’, ‘step into the light’.lets start planning your safari

about us
welcome to african horizonsour backgroundour teamour safari guidesour safari vehiclesour meet & greet serviceour officeseco-friendly, environmentally awareour affiliationsclient tesimonialsgeneral info
east african facts at a glancekeeping safe and healthywhat to bring with youtravel documentationluggage allowancesthe safari codetravelling with childrenspecial requestsgeneral reading listterms and conditionseast african wildlifeeast african historical & cultural sitesplanning a wedding in east africaprivacy statementmap
map of kenyamap of tanzaniamap of ugandamap of zanzibarsite mapfollow us
contact us
click to engage our travel consultants
copyright 2020 african horizons travel & safari ltd . privacy statement. terms & conditions



edit control

buttonbuttonbuttonbutton






edit control




button






edit control











edit control





inquiryplease fill out the form below and one of our safari consultants will contact you






























edit control











edit control











edit control











edit control




* if travelling with a child/children please indicate below with exact age per date of travel











send inquiryterms and conditions applyclose
close




















