
warning:  undefined array key "http_accept_language" in /home/interhik/public_html/lg/lg_page.php on line 256

deprecated:  strtoupper(): passing null to parameter #1 ($string) of type string is deprecated in /home/interhik/public_html/lg/lg_page.php on line 256

warning:  undefined array key 1 in /home/interhik/public_html/lg/lg_page.php on line 265

warning:  undefined array key "" in /home/interhik/public_html/lg/lg_page.php on line 271

warning:  undefined property: lg_page::$_languagecode in /home/interhik/public_html/lg/lg_page.php on line 285

warning:  undefined array key "http_accept_language" in /home/interhik/public_html/lg/lg_page.php on line 217

deprecated:  explode(): passing null to parameter #2 ($string) of type string is deprecated in /home/interhik/public_html/lg/lg_page.php on line 217

warning:  undefined array key 1 in /home/interhik/public_html/lg/lg_page.php on line 224

warning:  undefined variable $browser_countrycode in /home/interhik/public_html/lg/lg_page.php on line 240

warning:  undefined variable $domain_countrycode in /home/interhik/public_html/lg/lg_page.php on line 205

warning:  undefined variable $domain_countrycode in /home/interhik/public_html/lg/lg_page.php on line 212



interhike - camping, hostels, travel and outdoors in europe

















































join the newsletter for the latest travel news and special dealsemail:
confirm email:









				email address:

				password:


register










toggle navigation








homecamping sites 




albania
austria
belgium
bulgaria
croatia
czech republic
denmark
estonia
finland
france


germany
greece
hungary
ireland
italy
latvia
lithuania
luxembourg
montenegro
netherlands


norway
portugal
poland
serbia
slovakia
slovenia
spain
sweden
switzerland
uk





compare prices on outdoor equipment 











travel booksbinocularscamping bedscaravanningclimbingclothingclothing (girls)clothing (kids)clothing (womens)cyclingfood & cookingmiscellaneousmultitoolsnavigationoutdoor furniturerucksacks and bagssecuritysleeping bagssnowsportstentstoiletriestorchestrekking poleswatches and gadgetswatersports




advertise on interhike
join the newsletter
contact us

















compare prices on outdoor equipment







travel booksbinocularscamping bedscaravanningclimbingclothingclothing (girls)clothing (kids)clothing (womens)cyclingfood & cookingmiscellaneousmultitoolsnavigationoutdoor furniturerucksacks and bagssecuritysleeping bagssnowsportstentstoiletriestorchestrekking poleswatches and gadgetswatersports
⌄





join the newsletter!


get the latest travel news, keep informed about interhike and receive special interhike deals:
email:
confirm email:


your email address will never be given to anyone else!






camping, travel & outdoors
you can search through our price comparing database to find the cheapest of 1,606,344 camping, outdoor and travel products from all over the internet. you can find information about 19,662 camping sites in europe . please note that we do not own or run any of the camping sites advertised.
this week's most popular products








rrp bearing press adaptor kits
[more info...][less...]


					£1.99 - £419.99
				

buy now


compare 51 deals


adaptor kits only see other listings for rrp bearing press to use with these kitssee size guide for kit detailsthe bearing press & extraction tool (bpet) is designed for the â‘home mechanicâ’ for use on â‘linkage bearingsâ’ however it still works on many pivot and hub bearings (adaptors & kits are being developed for hubs & pivot bearing use)instructions for usefirstly ensure you have the correct rrp bearing kit to match the bearings you intend to insert / extract (see list below). you can identify which kit you need either by reading the bearing number written on the rubber seal or you can measure the inner bore race and outer race of the bearing (as shown below) and match it to our list belowextracting bearings (red adaptors) - sold separatelyplace the red adaptors from your rrp bearing kit as shown below take time to ensure that all the parts fit flush and are aligned to prevent any damage to parts or frame. in particular check that the female adaptor cup is flush on the frame to prevent frame damage.wind on the main handle until the parts all come together make a final check that everything is aligned properly. continue to wind on the main handle which will allow the male adaptor to pull on the inner race of the bearing and extract it into the female adaptor cup (nb: the male adaptor passes through the female adaptor to ensure a uniform and true extraction*) it will become harder to turn once the bearing starts to extract. after a couple of turns stop and check that the bearing is extracting properly before continuinginserting bearings (blue adaptors) - sold separatelyplace the blue adaptors from your rrp bearing kit as shown below take time to ensure that all the parts fit flush and are aligned to prevent any damage to parts or frame.wind on the main handle until all the parts come together the male adaptor should be pressing on the outer race of the bearing you are inserting. make a final check that everything is all aligned. continue to wind on the main handle the male adaptor will press onto the outer race of the bearing and insert it (nb: the male adaptor passes through the female adaptor to ensure a uniform and true insertion*) it will become harder to turn once the bearing starts to insert. after a couple of turns stop and check that the bearing is inserting properly before continuing [full details]








mens stormbreak trousers
[more info...][less...]


					£12
				

buy now


compare 6 deals


the men's stormbreak trousers from regatta are ideal as a waterproof outer layer for casual use. whether you are gawping at your favourite band at a saturday night festival or watching the kids play football on a sunday morning these are great for keeping you dry when shelter just isn't an option. [full details]








mens stormbreak trousers
[more info...][less...]


					£12
				

buy now


compare 6 deals


the men's stormbreak trousers from regatta are ideal as a waterproof outer layer for casual use. whether you are gawping at your favourite band at a saturday night festival or watching the kids play football on a sunday morning these are great for keeping you dry when shelter just isn't an option. [full details]








sks s-blade 28 rear fender: black
[more info...][less...]


					£12.99 - £20
				

buy now


compare 8 deals


made for the ambitious racing cyclist or commuter.    -quick-release mounting can be fitted on virtually any racing or tour bike, and adjusted to the perfect angle  -for 28 / 700c   item specifications   color: black  weight: 106g  [full details]







interhike news

   interhike news feed
join the newsletter to receive interhike news like this and more special offers straight to your inbox.

discuss camping sites, hostels, products and locations on interhike  	interhike has added the ability to discuss all of the features on the website with other visitors. you can ask questions about camping sites, leave comments about hostels, give advice about products, and travel advice about tourist locations. 	... morenew summer discount codes  	don't miss out on extra discounts this summer! interhike has the latest discount codes to get up to 13% off displayed prices. 	this is on top of our standard price comparison system which lets you find the cheapest place to buy your camping... more4 new countries added to interhike  	we've now added albania, bulgaria, lithuania and serbia to our lists of european camping sites and hostels. we're still working on getting them onto the maps properly, but you can browse through them all already. 	we aim to 3 more count... morefree guaranteed next day delivery for christmas at extreme pie  	now here's a brilliant idea from the great people at extreme pie. we've all got a few presents that we've left till the last minute and with "last posting days" pretty much upon us, extreme pie have announced that all orders ... moreinterhike exclusive prague calendar  	with calendars of the eastern european cities so hard to come by in the uk, interhike have started creating our own. this time, we are announcing our exclusive prague calendar. no longer do you have to travel all the way to prague to get the lates... more



current discount codes

supplierdescriptiondiscount codeexpires
no current discount codes found.




travel news

untours foundation partners with agoda and wwf-singapore to launch sustainable tourism impact fundthe untours foundation is excited to partner with digital travel platform agoda and the world wide fund for nature (wwf) in launching the sustainable tourism impact fund (stif), unveiled at the asean tourism forum (atf) in malaysia on january 20, 2025. this initiative is a key component of agoda’s fourth eco deals program, which aims to generate usd 1.5 million in 2025 to fund conservation activities across southeast asia....moreaward-winning lufthansa allegris cabin now bookable for further destinationsfrom now on, travelers can book flights with lufthansa allegris to additional destinations and select special allegris seats. from march 30, the new long-haul cabin will also be available from munich to san diego and new york-newark (from mid-april) and continuously from the beginning of august also to charlotte. the connection to bengaluru will continue to be offered. guests who have already reserved a seat on these flights can look forward to a free upgrade to a comfortable allegris seat.  initially, passengers can experience the new first class with its unique suites on flights to san francisco, chicago, san diego, shanghai and bengaluru....moreethiopian airlines to launch a passenger service to hyderabad, indiaethiopian airlines, the largest airline in africa and one of the fastest-growing airline brands in the world, is pleased to announce the launch of a new thrice-weekly passenger service to hyderabad, india, starting from june 16, 2025. this new route exemplifies ethiopian airlines’ commitment to expanding its global network and enhancing connectivity between africa and asia, providing passengers with convenient travel options....moreemirates celebrates 25 years of connecting bahrain to the worldthis year marks 25 years of emirates’ steadfast service to the kingdom of bahrain. over the years, the airline has been progressively developing its services, fostering vital trade relationships and offering travellers from the kingdom seamless access to a vast global network spanning more than 140 destinations....morenew leadership, fresh team, and updated spa menu at the waldorf astoria spa berlinthe waldorf astoria berlin proudly announces the appointment of nancy wilke as the new spa manager, ushering in a fresh chapter of luxury and refinement at the waldorf astoria spa. alongside this leadership transition, the spa unveils a revitalized team of experts and a thoughtfully curated treatment menu....moreblack tomato launches “the pursuit of feeling” platform: revolutionizing travel through emotionsluxury travel operator black tomato is proud to unveil the pursuit of feeling (pof), a transformative new platform that redefines travel by focusing on the powerful emotions it evokes. as the company celebrates its 20th anniversary, this innovative initiative reflects black tomato’s founding philosophy: “you may not know where you want to go, but you know how you want to feel.”...morevisit glasgow unveils insiders’ guide to a foodie glasgowfollowing the recent michelin guide ceremony in glasgow and the city’s inclusion in time out’s top 15 places to visit in the uk for 2025, visit glasgow has pulled together an insider’s guide to glasgow to help visitors plan their next city break.

easily accessible by train from the uk’s major cities, glasgow is a convenient city escape with a diverse food and culture scene ideal for couples and friend groups alike....moresweden’s göta canal trail awarded cycle route of the year 2025cycling enthusiasts and nature lovers alike can now experience one of sweden’s most picturesque cycling routes—the göta canal cycle route. known as the göta canal trail, this well-signposted national cycle route stretches approximately 220 kilometres, connecting sjötorp on lake vänern to mem on the baltic sea....morezero waste and regeneration: setouchi’s proactive approach to sustainable tourismthe setouchi region of japan is emerging as a beacon for sustainability, gaining global recognition for its proactive regeneration projects and sustainability accomplishments. kamikatsu town in tokushima prefecture became the first town in the country to declare a “zero waste” policy back in 2003 including the zero waste action hotel why, setting an inspiring example of how communities can live sustainably, blending environmental responsibility with cultural preservation. the region also boasts a host of regeneration projects including exquisite retreats where visitors are invited to immerse themselves in eco-friendly experiences that honour tradition and embrace the future....morereimagining wellness at shinta mani wildstaying true to its name, the cambodian luxury jungle camp shinta mani wild, has shifted gears to bring you an all-inclusive wellness at wild stay to ignite your adventurous spirit and reconnect with the wisdom of nature. as you arrive at the camp, prepare for an exhilarating journey. your adventure begins with a breathtaking 400m zip line ride, soaring above the lush forest canopy, meandering river, and cascading waterfalls. touch down at the landing zone bar, where our general manager and dedicated bensley adventure butler eagerly await your arrival, ready to guide you through an extraordinary cambodian jungle expedition...more














like interhike on facebook
follow @interhike











 copyright interhike. all rights reserved.





