
























the great wall marathon - 5,164 steps into history!

























skip to main content




 









race info
entry packages
results
contact & faq
press zone & media
reviews



 
 






 




 17 may 2025  




great wall marathon


 17 may 2025  








   

 







   

   

   

   

   

 

 









first lightmarathon
lost citymarathon
asi ultramarathon
great wallmarathon
icefjord midnightmarathon
big fivemarathon
iceland volcanomarathon
petra desertmarathon
polar circlemarathon








 the race  

 registration  

 package add-ons  

 the destination  

 faq, contact & reviews  

 blog, press & sponsors  

 







 the definitive source for all things race-related: everything you need to know before, during, and after race day. 
  
 


 

race information
find all the important practical information about the race.
  

 

race history
take a look at the evolution of this remarkable race - the original race on the great wall!
  

 

route & elevation
familiarize yourself with the race's twists, turns, and many, many stairs. 
  

 

fast facts
get the details on race statistics, records, and fun facts. 
  

 

results
check here for current and past years race results.
  

 

race videos & photos
check out some spectacular moments from the race and inspection day. 
  

 
 
 
 ----  

 in order to register for the great wall marathon, all international runners must sign up for one of the tour packages. 
 like all albatros adventure marathons™️, the great wall marathon is designed to be more than just a race. it's also about enjoying time together with family, friends and other running-minded spirits. spectators welcome!
 
 


 

ways to enter
get details on international, regional, and local entrance options.
  

 

accommodation
check out the hotel options for your stay.
  

 
 
 
 

packages

 

great wall marathon 2025 - 6-day package
14 - 19 may  | 6 days |  1690 usd
  

 

great wall marathon 2025 7-day package
13 - 19 may  | 7 days |  1790 usd
  

 

dansk rejsepakke: great wall marathon 2025 - 7-dages pakke
13 - 19 may  | 7 days |  2590 usd3 nætter i beijing, 2 nætter i lao ying pan plus flybilletter
  

 

maratón de la gran muralla 2025 paquete de 7 días
13 - 19 may  | 7 days |  2190 usdtodas las noches en pekín, con un guía hispanohablante.
  





 

  travel partners
the most comprehensive list of travel partners who offer great wall marathon packages with flights.
  

 
 
 ----  

 looking for extra awe and adventure? add excursions or an extension to your package for the ultimate china experience.
 
 the great wall marathon is more than just a marathon - it's a journey through china! while it’s hard to top the post-race exhilaration of a great wall marathon finish, we’re certain these immersive add-ons are the perfect complement to your experience. you can see top sites or visit the lesser-traveled areas, get to know the country, and interact with the local cultures. live it up! 
 
 
 
 

excursions

 

forbidden city & temple of heaven
18 may  | 1 day  |  110 usdsee beijing's most renowned sights: tiananmen square, the forbidden city, and the temple of heaven.
  

 

acrobatic show
15 may  | 3 hours  |  75 usdsit back and be stunned by one of china's traditional performing arts: acrobatics! 
  

 

qing tombs
16 may  | 1 day  |  125 usdtake a trip to the impressive, yet rarely visited, necropolis of the qing dynasty.
  

 

hutongs by rickshaw
18 may  | half day  |  90 usdjoin a tour to see beijings famous hutongs by rickshaw
  

 

ming tombs
16 may  | 6 - 7 hours  |  110 usdvisit a valley outside of beijing where the tombs of the ming dynasty emperors are nestled.
  
extensions

 

avatar mountains
19 - 24 may  | 6 days |  1890 usdsee otherworldly rock formations, caves, and mountains - including the mountains that inspired the movie avatar!
  

 

the terracotta army
19 - 21 may  | 3 days |  1090 usdvisit the bustling city of xi'an - home to the famed terracotta sculptures, an expansive city wall, and more.
  

 
 ----  

 from history and attractions to culture and customs, get to know to china. 
  
 


 

travel to china
dive deep into china - read about its history, religion, economy, and attractions.
  

 

map of china
take a look at a map highlighting our destinations in china. 
  

 

destination guide
find short and sweet answers to help you travel in china - everything from currency to toilets and more.
  

 

climate & weather in china
check out what weather to expect on race day, as well as average weather in select chinese cities.
  

 

photos of china
browse a collection of photos from our incredible chinese destinations.
  

 

passports & visa
read general guidelines to obtaining a visa for china. 
  

 
 
 
 ----  

 curious about other people's experiences or still have questions regarding the race, booking, or traveling?  
  
 


 

faq & contact
get all the answers to your questions right here.
  

 

reviews
read the thoughts of runners who have conquered the wall! 
  

 
 
 
 ----  

 the one-stop shop for all your media-related needs. you can also follow along live on 16 may 2020!  
  
 


 

media resources
check here for press guides, media galleries, and contact information.
  

 

press releases
read the latest news on the great wall marathon.
  

 

partners & sponsors
read here about our wonderful sponsors, partners, and suppliers - and how you can be one of them.
  

 
 
 
 ----  

 

 








5,164 steps into history!







click to sign up


 
 











 run the most demanding marathon of your life along one of mankind's greatest monuments.  

 







 since its inception in 1999, the great wall marathon has become revered as one of the world’s most challenging marathons.
 
throughout the years, it has developed from mere 350 runners to a sell-out event of 2500 runners, novices and experienced alike.
 
the route takes you along the spectacular great wall in the venue of huangyaguan, threading through local villages as you are cheered on by its residents giving you the boost needed for its hilly routes and challenging last steps of the tower (5,164 to be exact!). 
 
but this run is not only about the race. it is about the adventure of traveling together with other running-minded spirits, friends and family. 
 
its about experiencing chinese culture, getting to know this fantastic country, its people and local cuisine. 
 
that’s why the race is always a part of an entry package which combines classic beijing with china’s spectacular nature outside the busy metropolis. view our entry packages here
we also offer a variety of race extensions if you want to continue your adventure with us!
-
for any inquiries about the race, local entry or booking, please write us at info@adventure-marathon.com
we cannot wait to have you on board! 
  

 














 







-




stay social

----


 
days


 
hours


 
minutes


 
seconds




 

 








 
 
 
 

race distances
want to share this experience of a lifetime with your friend or partner?
no problem!
runners of all levels can take on the wall with these options.
 

full marathon
42.2 km


half marathon
21.1 km


fun run
8.5 km

 
all three distances take place at the same time, and all share the first part of the course.
just select your preferred distance when booking.








 





race info
the great wall marathon is widely considered one of the world's most challenging marathons.

tell me more 
 
   

 
   

 





sign up
make it happen! sign up for the bucket list race here.

sign me up 
 
   

 
   

 





what others before you thought
great, fantastic, awe-inspiring, unforgettable and undeniably difficult. it’s all there.

read it all 
 
   

 
   

 





newsletter
receive fresh-off-the-press news about the great wall marathon and the other marathons by albatros adventure marathons™️!

 
 
   

 
   

 







 "beautiful, painful, and difficult. the most brutal race i have ever run. loved it!
" 
 michael olsen 
 2014 great wall marathon finisher  

 

 
 












 





albatros adventure marathons™️
tøndergade 16dk-1752 copenhagen vdenmarkinfo@adventure-marathon.comtelephone: +45 36989838





our marathons

first light marathon
lost city marathon
asi ultra marathon
great wall marathon
icefjord midnight marathon
big five marathon
iceland volcano marathon
petra desert marathon
polar circle marathon
bagan temple marathon






legal

about albatros adventure marathons™️
terms and conditions
privacy policy
payment policy
faqs



 




stay social

----








read all the reviews!






 
 


