









home - michiana covenant presbyterian church















































 






facebook


online giving ♥
michiana covenant academy →
 












home
about us

leadership

pastors
elders
deacons


church history
beliefs
church network


worship

what to expect

order of service
music in worship
pattern of worship


preaching
communion
tithes & offerings


ministries

sunday school
foreign missions
counseling
caylor house
homeschool academy
mercy ministries
groups

men
women
youth




sermons

recent sermons
sermon archive
other resources


community

calendar
upcoming events
pastor’s blog
congregation & community blog


contact us
 


select page


  
 
 














a home for sojournersdemonstrating the love of god before a watching world
church community









seeking the truth of scripturegrowing in grace with the fellowship of believers
what we believe









worship with the family of christjoin us for weekly morning & evening sunday services
what to expect
















preaching of the word
recent sermons














the cross and the kingdom
church blog














one family in christ
church calendar










michiana covenant is a church that seeks to be a home for sojourners — a place where christ’s one new family can demonstrate the love of god before the watching world.





welcome
the apostle peter wrote his first epistle “to the elect exiles of the dispersion” (1 peter 1:1). today we experience dislocation and disconnectedness as a regular part of modern life. in one sense, though, this is nothing new. the second century epistle to diognetus said that for christians, “every foreign country is to them a homeland, while every homeland is like a foreign country.”
michiana covenant is a church that seeks to be a home for sojourners — a place where christ’s one new family can demonstrate the love of god before the watching world. our teaching, our worship, and our life together seek to embody the ancient wisdom of the scriptures and the church in our witness to our disconnected society.





 








 
michiana covenant presbyterian church is a part of the great lakes presbytery within the presbyterian church in america.
 
copyright © 2023 michiana covenant presbyterian church.
all rights reserved.

contact us michiana covenant
presbyterian church
14567 cleveland road
granger, in 46530
contact@michianacovenant.org
574.273.5906

weekly services sunday school: 9:00 a.m.
sunday worship: 10:30 a.m.
sunday evening worship: 5:30 p.m.

moving to south bend? members of michiana covenant often have homes to sell or rent — or have rooms to rent to graduate students, or are looking for roommates. 
if you are looking for housing in the area, please contact the church secretary, who can put you in touch with the appropriate parties!
secretary@michianacovenant.org

 






facebook


site by createfully 






















