




collection of dermal fillers | juvéderm®












































✖

see our new privacy terms at
                    https://privacy.abbvie/.






        skip to main content
      











































learnbefore & afterget startedjuvéderm® treatmentsview juvéderm® treatmentscheekschinlineslipsjawlineundereyestemples
real juvéderm® resultsmeet kristinmeet cherubmeet jazzmeet katemeet sterling
experience the juvéderm® journey
save with allē







more from allergan aestheticsbotox® cosmetic
 (onabotolinumtoxina)skinvive™
by juvéderm®kybella®
(deoxycholic acid) injection 10mg/mlcoolsculpting®latisse®
(bimatoprost ophthalmic solution) 0.03%natrelle®skinmedica®
patient safety informationjuvéderm® ultra xc
 for lip augmentationjuvéderm® volbella® xc
 for lip augmentationjuvéderm® voluma® xc
 for cheek augmentationjuvéderm® ultra plus xcjuvéderm® ultra xc
 for facial wrinkles and foldsjuvéderm® volbella® xc
 for undereye hollowsjuvéderm® voluma® xc
 for chin augmentationjuvéderm® vollure® xcjuvéderm® ultrajuvéderm® volux® xcjuvéderm® voluma® xc
 for temple augmentation
important safety informationfor healthcare professionalsu.s. residents









































find a provider












close nav button










































    smooth, natural-looking, long-lasting results
  
juvéderm® is the #1 chosen dermal filler collection in the us* that offers 6 unique and long-lasting fillers. each one adds volume and is designed for different needs in specific areas of the face including the lips, cheeks, chin, smile lines, undereyes, jawline, and temples. we have what you need to get the smooth, natural-looking, long-lasting results you want.


*march 2024 provider survey data (n=866).


actual patients treated with the juvéderm® collection of fillers. results may vary.

























actual patient treated with the juvéderm® collection of fillers. results may vary.











      
          all about juvéderm®




hyaluronic acid (ha) is a naturally occurring substance that keeps skin moisturized and soft. juvéderm® fillers are nonsurgical options that contain a modified form of ha. treatment with juvéderm® products by a licensed specialist provides long-lasting, natural-looking results. in fact, in a survey of aesthetic providers with experience using three or more dermal filler brands, the juvéderm® brand was preferred over two times more than other dermal filler brands.* plus, fillers that use ha have been a top choice for patients—over 90% of filler patients receive an ha dermal filler.†




learn more





*based on a quantitative survey fielded in may—june 2022 (n=354). participants were current injectors of juvéderm® fillers and must have used at least 2 other aesthetic dermal fillers from 2 separate aesthetics companies.
†aesthetic plastic surgery national databank statistics, 2019 (n=331).













      
          click to explore treatment options
      
    















































actual patient treated with juvéderm® voluma® xc in the cheeks and chin, juvéderm® volbella® xc in the undereye area, juvéderm® vollure® xc in the smile lines, and juvéderm® ultra xc in the lips. results may vary.









      
          chin
      
    



the chin is a key part of overall facial aesthetic. add volume with juvéderm® voluma® xc to contour, shape, and define the chin.




learn more



















      
          temples
      
    



adding volume to the temple area to improve moderate to severe temple hollowing with juvéderm® voluma® xc can instantly lift and contour, creating a smooth transition from the cheekbone to the forehead.




learn more



















      
          
      
          undereye
      
    
      
    



adding volume to the undereye area with juvéderm® volbella® xc can improve the appearance of undereye hollows.




learn more



















      
          cheeks
      
    



age-related volume loss can cause cheeks to flatten and skin to sag. juvéderm® voluma® xc helps add volume for lift and contour in the cheek area.




learn more



















      
          lines
      
    



smooth and soften the appearance of moderate to severe wrinkles and folds with juvéderm® ultra plus xc and juvéderm® vollure® xc. 




learn more



















      
          lips
      
    



looking for fuller lips? juvéderm® ultra xc can help plump lips while juvéderm® volbella® xc helps soften the appearance of lines around the mouth (perioral lines)




learn more



















      
          jawline
      
    



improve jawline definition by adding volume along the jawline area with juvéderm® volux® xc and achieve a more sculpted look.




learn more

























      
          juvéderm® 
on instagram
      
    




follow us



























      
          find a juvéderm® 
provider near you
      
    




search now









      
          join allē today for
savings on future
treatments
      
    




join today
















×









      
          earn double allē points*






+ refer a friend to allē and earn $50











































*on juvéderm® when treated with juvéderm® fillers & botox® cosmetic at the same visit












































book your consultation







pictured: botox® cosmetic vial and juvéderm® collection of fillers syringes.
limited-time offer. terms and conditions apply. see allē app for refer a friend terms and conditions. skinvive by juvéderm® is excluded from this promotion.
the safe and effective use of these products has not been studied together.
see botox® cosmetic boxed warning and med guide

























important safety information
do not use these products if you have a history of multiple severe allergies or severe allergic reactions (anaphylaxis), if you are allergic to lidocaine or the gram-positive bacterial proteins used in these products, or if you have had previous allergic reactions to hyaluronic acid fillers.


approved uses
juvéderm® volux® xc injectable gel is for deep injection to improve moderate to severe loss of jawline definition in adults over the age of 21.












 














      
          important safety information
      
    



do not use these products if you have a history of multiple severe allergies or severe allergic reactions (anaphylaxis), if you are allergic to lidocaine or the gram-positive bacterial proteins used in these products, or if you have had previous allergic reactions to hyaluronic acid fillers.









      
          approved uses
      
    



juvéderm® voluma® xc injectable gel is for deep injection in the cheek area to correct age-related volume loss, for augmentation of the chin region to improve the chin profile, and for augmentation of the temple region to improve moderate to severe temple hollowing in adults over 21.  
juvéderm® volux® xc injectable gel is for deep injection to improve moderate to severe loss of jawline definition in adults over the age of 21. 
juvéderm® vollure® xc, juvéderm® ultra plus xc, and juvéderm® ultra xc injectable gels are for injection into the facial tissue for the correction of moderate to severe facial wrinkles and folds, such as nasolabial folds. juvéderm® vollure® xc injectable gel is for adults over 21.   
juvéderm® ultra xc injectable gel is also for injection into the lips and perioral area for lip augmentation in adults over 21.
 juvéderm® volbella® xc injectable gel is for injection into the lips for lip augmentation and correction of perioral lines, and for injection into the undereye hollows to improve the appearance of undereye hollows in adults over the age of 21.











juvéderm® injectable gel fillers important information










      
          what precautions should my doctor advise me about?
      
    



juvéderm® volbella® xc should only be injected into undereye hollows by doctors who have completed the necessary training for this treatment area. to find a doctor, visit juvederm.com/find-a-specialist. doctors who completed the training will be listed with a symbol.the safety of these products for use during pregnancy or while breastfeeding has not been studied.the safety of juvéderm® voluma® xc has not been studied in patients under 35 years or over 65 years for cheek augmentation, or under 22 years and over 80 years for chin augmentation. the safety of juvéderm® volux® xc, juvéderm® vollure® xc, and juvéderm® volbella® xc has not been studied in patients under 22 years, and the safety of juvéderm® ultra plus xc and juvéderm® ultra xc has not been studied in patients under 18 years.the safety and effectiveness of treatment with juvéderm® products in anatomical regions outside of their approved uses has not been established in clinical studies.if you have a history of excessive scarring (thick, hard scars) or pigmentation disorders, treatment in these patients has not been studied and may result in additional scars or changes in pigmentation.if you are planning other procedures including laser treatments or a chemical peel, there is a possible risk of inflammation at the treatment site if these procedures are performed closely before or after juvéderm® injectable gel treatment.tell your doctor if you are on therapy used to reduce your body’s natural defense system (such as steroids, chemotherapy, and medicines to treat autoimmune diseases, hiv, and aids), as these may increase your risk of infection; and medications that can prolong bleeding (such as aspirin, ibuprofen, or other blood thinners), as these may result in increased bruising or bleeding at the injection site.avoid applying makeup for 12 hours after treatment and minimize strenuous exercise, exposure to extensive sun or heat, and alcoholic beverages within the first 24 hours following treatment, as these may cause temporary redness, swelling, and/or itching at the injection site.juvéderm® voluma® xc was not studied in patients with significant loose skin of the chin, neck, or jaw.the effect of a juvéderm® voluma® xc injection into the chin on facial hair growth has not been studied.patients who experience a skin injury near the site of the juvéderm® voluma® xc injection may be at a higher risk for adverse events.tell your doctor if you have already been injected with dermal fillers in the same area as the one(s) you are about to be treated for. this information helps your doctor decide when and whether you should get treatment.





      
          are there any reasons why i should not receive any juvéderm® formulation?
      
    



do not use these products if you have a history of multiple severe allergies or severe allergic reactions (anaphylaxis), if you are allergic to lidocaine or the gram-positive bacterial proteins used in these products, or if you have had previous allergic reactions to hyaluronic acid fillers.





      
          what warnings should my doctor advise me about?
      
    



one of the risks with using dermal fillers is the unintentional injection into a blood vessel. the chances of this happening are very small, but if it does happen, the complications can be serious and may be permanent. these complications, which have been reported for facial injections, can include vision abnormalities, blindness, stroke, temporary scabs, or permanent scarring of the skin. most of these events are irreversible.if you have changes in your vision, signs of a stroke (including sudden difficulty speaking, numbness or weakness in your face, arms, or legs, difficulty walking, face drooping, severe headache, dizziness, or confusion), white appearance of the skin, or unusual pain during or shortly after treatment, you should notify your healthcare practitioner immediately.the use of dermal fillers where skin sores, pimples, rashes, hives, cysts, or infections are present should be postponed, as this may delay healing or make skin problems worse.the effectiveness of removal of any dermal filler has not been studied.





      
          what are the possible side effects of treatment?
      
    



the most commonly reported side effects with juvéderm® injectable gels were redness, swelling, pain, tenderness, firmness, lumps/bumps, bruising, discoloration, and itching. for juvéderm® volbella® xc, dryness was also reported.

these side effects are consistent with other facial injection procedures, and most will resolve within 30 days. your doctor may choose to treat side effects persisting longer with antibiotics, steroids, or hyaluronidase (an enzyme that breaks down hyaluronic acid).

as with all skin injection procedures, there is a risk of infection. to report a side effect with any product in the juvéderm® collection, please call the allergan® product support department at 1-877-345-5372. please also visit juvederm.com or talk to your doctor for more information.

products in the juvéderm® collection are available only by a licensed physician or properly licensed practitioner.









      
          what precautions should my doctor advise me about?
      
    



juvéderm® volbella® xc should only be injected into undereye hollows by doctors who have completed the necessary training for this treatment area. to find a doctor, visit juvederm.com/find-a-specialist. doctors who completed the training will be listed with a symbol.the safety of these products for use during pregnancy or while breastfeeding has not been studied.the safety of juvéderm® voluma® xc has not been studied in patients under 35 years or over 65 years for cheek augmentation, or under 22 years and over 80 years for chin augmentation. the safety of juvéderm® volux® xc, juvéderm® vollure® xc, and juvéderm® volbella® xc has not been studied in patients under 22 years, and the safety of juvéderm® ultra plus xc and juvéderm® ultra xc has not been studied in patients under 18 years.the safety and effectiveness of treatment with juvéderm® products in anatomical regions outside of their approved uses has not been established in clinical studies.if you have a history of excessive scarring (thick, hard scars) or pigmentation disorders, treatment in these patients has not been studied and may result in additional scars or changes in pigmentation.if you are planning other procedures including laser treatments or a chemical peel, there is a possible risk of inflammation at the treatment site if these procedures are performed closely before or after juvéderm® injectable gel treatment.tell your doctor if you are on therapy used to reduce your body’s natural defense system (such as steroids, chemotherapy, and medicines to treat autoimmune diseases, hiv, and aids), as these may increase your risk of infection; and medications that can prolong bleeding (such as aspirin, ibuprofen, or other blood thinners), as these may result in increased bruising or bleeding at the injection site.avoid applying makeup for 12 hours after treatment and minimize strenuous exercise, exposure to extensive sun or heat, and alcoholic beverages within the first 24 hours following treatment, as these may cause temporary redness, swelling, and/or itching at the injection site.juvéderm® voluma® xc was not studied in patients with significant loose skin of the chin, neck, or jaw.the effect of a juvéderm® voluma® xc injection into the chin on facial hair growth has not been studied.patients who experience a skin injury near the site of the juvéderm® voluma® xc injection may be at a higher risk for adverse events.tell your doctor if you have already been injected with dermal fillers in the same area as the one(s) you are about to be treated for. this information helps your doctor decide when and whether you should get treatment.















































learn
before & after



treat
cheekschinlineslipsjawlineundereyestemples



experience the
juvéderm® journey
real juvéderm®
results
meet cherubmeet jazzmeet katemeet sterlingmeet kristin



savings
find a provider
site map
accessibility
statement
contact us




accessibility statement
contact us



terms of use
privacy notice
consumer health data privacy notice
cookies settings
your privacy choices
























© 2024 abbvie. all rights reserved. juvéderm and its design are trademarks of allergan holdings france sas, an abbvie company, or its affiliates. allē and its design are service marks allergan, inc., an abbvie company. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. juv105480-v20 09/24



















abbvie may use and disclose online usage data about you collected automatically through online tracking technologies such as cookies, pixels, and web beacons (collectively, “cookies”). we use this data for multiple purposes, including for online targeted advertising (advertisements...

read more
read less


cookies settings


manage choices
reject all
accept all



















