



larriland farm | pick your own fruits and vegetables at our family owned farm in western howard county, maryland.



































pick your own fruits and vegetables at our family owned farm in western howard county, maryland.


skip to content
home
about us

integrated pest management


today’s harvest

pick your own today
fruit harvest calendar
vegetable harvest calender
news from the  field
autumn calendar


autumn activities

hayride info


recipes

freezing and storage tips
apple recipes
blackberry recipes
blueberry recipes
broccoli recipes
peach recipes
pumpkin recipes
strawberry recipes
recipes for children


directions

business hours
current weather


hours
harvest newsletter sign-up
contact us

harvest newsletter sign-up


employment application
 










pick your own fruits & vegetables and farm market at larriland farm

our farm is open during the growing season. our season begins with the ripening of the strawberry crop, in late may and ends with the apple harvest, in early november. click on the tabs above for hours and directions. click on today’s harvest tab above for daily information about pick your own crops. 
we are currently accepting applications for the 2025 season: mid may – early november. click on the employment tab above to download an application. we also accept applications through homebase, googlejobs, ziprecruiter and indeed. we look forward to hearing from you! you can also stop by in-person to pick up or drop off an application and schedule an interview.
during the growing season, it is best to call just before getting in the car to drive here as sometimes all of the ripe fruit gets picked and the field has to be closed for a few days to allow the green fruit time to ripen. this website, on the today’s harvest page, and the telephone recording, 410-442-2605, are updated every day and throughout the day during the growing season to make sure you get the most up-to-date picking information.
we strive to grow top quality fruits and vegetables for you to pick your own or purchase in our farm market. we consider the soil and the plant material to be our most valuable resources. to keep the farm healthy and safe we use integrated pest management and best management practices.
we are located in the central part of maryland, in western howard county.  the farm is 3 miles south of 1-70 (exit 73) on rt. 94, woodbine road. our farm is half way between baltimore and frederick, just south of the little town of lisbon, md. the address is 2415 woodbine rd, woodbine, md 21797.
in march 2013, we purchased a farm, one mile north of larriland farm, on route 94, woodbine road. this farm, the moore farm, will grow pumpkins for picking on weekends in october. adding 35 acres of crop ground allows us to do a better job with crop rotation for pumpkins. pumpkins do best with a 5 year crop rotation for improved disease control.
in july, 2018, we purchased another farm, one half mile east of larriland, on florence road. this farm, the fine farm, will allow for replacement of apple and peach orchards, expansion of existing crops, and better crop rotation. peach orchards need replacement every 15-20 years. apple orchards need replacement every 25-30 years. blackberries rotate every 10-15 years. raspberries rotate every 4-7 years. blueberries rotate every 30-40 years. many of our crops are in need of  replacement on new ground.
map of larriland and moore farm
weather conditions and customer demand determine the supply of our fruits and vegetables. sometimes the demand may deplete the supply of certain fruits and vegetables during a particular ripening season.
please call or check our website the day you are coming, just before leaving your home, to find out what’s available that day and to avoid disappointment. call 410-442-2605. the telephone recording and this website are up-dated throughout the day, and everyday, as needed.
sign up for our e-newsletter (click here). this is a harvest update that goes out about once a week during the growing season: late may – early november.
open during the growing season, early june through the first sunday in november. the first crop to ripen in late may is pick your own strawberries. please check today’s harvest for information on current picking conditions.
please leave your dogs and other pets at home.
helpful hints and policies:
during the harvest season, our crops in the field change daily based on the growing season and customer demand. always check the day you are coming, just before leaving the house, to find out what’s available that day and to avoid disappointment. call 410-442-2605. the telephone recording and this website are up-dated every day and throughout the day, as needed.

pick your own crops are charged by the container, not by the pound. drive to the field, (do not walk) following signs from the red barn. purchase a new larriland container at the field. there are several different sizes. the size of the container determines how many people may enter the field. no outside containers may be used on our farm.
you may only pick in fields that are open for picking. open fields are staffed with a clerk, a check out stand, and price signs. all other fields are closed for picking.
to pick: follow the instructions of the clerk to pick properly ripened fruits/vegetables. leave unripe fruits/vegetables on the plant to ripen in a few days.
a hat, sturdy shoes, comfortable clothing and plenty of sunscreen enhance your time in the field.
children are welcome when accompanied and monitored by their parents.
cash, checks, and credit cards accepted both in the field and in the red barn. visa, mastercard, and discover.
larriland’s fields are for picking, not for eating.
please leave your dogs/pets at home. no pets allowed on the farm except for trained service dogs.
the picnic area is at the red barn. no eating in the fields. no grills.
no wandering about the farm. no loitering on the farm. no drones.
if you would like a weekly e-mail update of crops and picking conditions during the harvest season, please sign up for our today’s harvest newsletter.
professional photographers need to contact larriland farm before doing a photo shoot at the farm. 410-489-7034. larriland is proud to announce that miriam bellaire, part of the our ‘next generation’, is an excellent photographer who is available if you are interested. check out her website, www.miriambellairephotography.com.

thank you for picking larriland farm.










larriland farm
2415 woodbine road | woodbine, md 21797balt. area 410-442-2605 | wash. area 301-854-6110
contact us | ©2013-2015 larriland farm. all rights reserved.
current weather at the farm


site designed and maintained by kokoski kreations














