




bulk email marketing software at xfunction.com
















bulk email

 

theory of bulk 
                        email

 

bulk email 
                        efficiency





 




















home 








about us 








getting 
                                email lists 









                              consulting 








bulk email software 






fast email extractor
fast email verifier
fast email sending 
fast email autoresponder 
opt out manager 
visual web task
bulk email 
                            office






spy software 








video software 






video master
swf converter
fast file commander 
how to order 
affiliate program
download demo
anti-spam laws
partners network
contact us



 





 






 


 




  


fast email extractor:


 
                          is "must have" tool of modern marketer. the same as search engines find websites 
                          by keywords  our email extractor brings thousands of email addresses 
extracted from the search results. constracted email list is 
                              associated with the keywords of your search and targeted to specific subject. 
                              the latest version of fee can utilize any search engine or search facility on 
                              any website to look for fax , names and email addresses. the only "homework" 
                              marketer should do is to understand what kind of keywords should be specified to 
                              isolate your specific subject or geographical area. 
                              
                              rated as the best bulk email tool 2018.










 


fast email verifier:


 
                          fast email verifier checks a validity of e-mail addresses in any bulk email 
                          lists, database, address books, or spreadsheets. based on the new advanced .net 
                          technology , it can identify about 85% of dead addresses and create separate 
                          bad and good lists for optimized bulk email campaign. operations allowed : 
                          remove duplicates, sort email list , split email list , combine email lists, 
                          filter lists with specific words, remove list management, verify and validate 
                          email lists, create sample lists and more.  
the email verifier supports all popular bulk email list file formats from simple mailing lists 
                          to the windows address books. odbc support allows you to work with all popular 
                          database formats like ms sql, oracle, mysql, ms access, excel and others. 
















 


updated on may 21 2018 



 


updated on nov 2017




















 

                      our team of business experts and software programmers have invested years of 
                      research and 
                      development to produce the best and easy-to-use phone tracking software 
                      package available at  www.hoverwatch.com.  

 

products:
email marketing office:
                      xfunction's email marketing suite is a full-featured bundle of email marketing 
                      software...
fast email delivery engine
                      fede is a high-performance bulk email software for sending personalized email 
                      messages  to the large group of recipients . the offered feature set is the most 
                      comprehensive version of our industry-leading bulk email marketing software. 
                      html or   flash animation movies can be embedded in your newsletter 
                      message. unlike other bulk email sending products our tool gives you unique 
                      ability to send flash movies not as referenced file but as embedded inside the 
                      message itself delivering high quality content with a sound and video for your 
                      bulk email marketing campaign.   


updated on nov 2016


visual web task
    a visual web extraction tool that allows you to download specific information 
    from the internet. you can create executable spiders that you can program to go 
    through http authorizations and secure pages. convert html data to text or database format for 
                      use in your applications. you can get bulk emails , telephones, names from 
                      online databases. advanced users can reuse the technology as activex in visual 
                      basic or any other development suit.


updated on nov 2017


 




 






 








 


home  |  
             about us  | getting email 
             lists  |  bulk email software  
             |  video software  |  
             contact us


send comments, corrections, and 
              suggestions to support group | © 2018 xfunction.com   all 
              rights reserved


 








