






operadelaware


























































operadelaware




performances
derrick wang's fearless world premiere
a divine night in delaware
operadelaware studio series
girls of yellow diamonds
pop-up opera



tickets
buy tickets
box office faq
opera for all
opening night microgala
plan your visit



support
donate now
membership
other ways to support
volunteer
advertise with us



news
news, reviews, and awards
press releases
operadelaware tedtalks
od blog



about
about us
operadelaware company artists
past productions
education
facility rentals 
auditions
contact us
ticket donation request


mailing list















performances/derrick wang's fearless world premierea divine night in delawareoperadelaware studio seriesgirls of yellow diamondspop-up opera
tickets/buy ticketsbox office faqopera for allopening night microgalaplan your visit
support/donate nowmembershipother ways to supportvolunteeradvertise with us
news/news, reviews, and awardspress releasesoperadelaware tedtalksod blog
about/about usoperadelaware company artistspast productionseducationfacility rentals auditionscontact usticket donation request
mailing list/



























































operadelaware is a revelation... come revel with us!




welcome
operadelaware is a revelation. come revel with us! 











performances/derrick wang's fearless world premierea divine night in delawareoperadelaware studio seriesgirls of yellow diamondspop-up opera
tickets/buy ticketsbox office faqopera for allopening night microgalaplan your visit
support/donate nowmembershipother ways to supportvolunteeradvertise with us
news/news, reviews, and awardspress releasesoperadelaware tedtalksod blog
about/about usoperadelaware company artistspast productionseducationfacility rentals auditionscontact usticket donation request
mailing list/









































































































 



the 2024/25 operadelaware season is underwayon the mainstage, we’ve got timeless romance, heartbreak, war heroines, trailblazers, and enough high notes to blow the roof off the grand opera house! join us for our 2024/25 season for puccini’s iconic la bohème on october 25 & 27. this spring, operadelaware will present the world premiere of fearless, a new opera by derrick wang about the groundbreaking aviator hazel ying lee. sharing exceptional and accessible opera across the first stateoperadelaware is america’s 11th oldest opera company, continually serving the people of delaware since 1945. in addition to our exciting 2024/25 mainstage season at the grand, stay tuned for updates on the operadelaware studio series, pop-up opera, and our signature microgalas. operadelaware studio series tickets on sale nowthe operadelaware studio series returns this winter with artist-curated recitals and cabarets presented by company artists toni marie palmertree, emily margevich, dane suarez, and gerard moon. each artist-curated recital has been uniquely programmed by these inventive, talented creatives to showcase the music and stories they are most excited to share with delaware audiences. with pieces ranging from the great american songbook (emily margevich’s fascinating rhythm) to korean folksongs (gerard moon’s heart + seoul) to songs of war and hope (dane suarez’s bring him home); these artists will take you on an unforgettable musical journey in the intimate operadelaware studios.

 

mark your calendarsstudio series: company artists present opera’s greatest moments - march 1 at 4 pm get ticketsbeer & benevolence dogfish head pop-up opera in rehoboth - march 5 at 6 pm free eventoperadelaware presents: girls of yellow diamonds march 16 at 2 pm get ticketsa divine night in delaware returns - march 20 at the grand get ticketsstudio series: dane suarez presents bring him home - march 30 at 2 pm get ticketsstudio series: gerard moon presents heart + seoul - april 12 at 3 pm get ticketsstudio series: the soprano soirée - april 25 at 7:30 pm, april 27 at 2 pm get ticketsderrick wang’s fearless - world premiere - may 16 at 7:30 pm and may 18 at 2 pm get ticketsdon’t end up with opera fomo. get your tickets today and add on tickets for the opening night microgala - the pre-performance party from 5-7 pm at the grand!




    get your tickets
  













opening night microgala
check out pictures captured by our poperazzi at meghan newberry photography and moonloop photography from our previous opening night microgalas. add on your tickets for the opening night microgala to join the party before the opera starts!opening night microgala tickets start at just $50!



opening night microgala


















pop-up opera - come for an aria, stay for a lifetime!
our mobile opera stage is on the move, bringing gorgeous, live opera to an outdoor space near you. book your own pop-up opera performance today!



pop-up opera




















support the music that moves you
discover the many ways you can support od today!



learn more | donate now








many thanks to our sponsors











this organization is supported, in part, by a grant from the delaware division of the arts, a state agency, in partnership with the national endowment for the arts. the division promotes delaware arts events on www.delawarescene.com.
















 


 













































stay connected


get the latest on od events, ticket deals & more.


join mailing list

contact us


operadelaware
4 s. poplar st. 
wilmington, de 19801 
302-658-8063; info@operade.org 
box office 302-442-7807

   
   
   




 














