









88.5 wjie | louisville christian radio







































accessibility statement













menu button








on the air



on the air


about us
 
meet the djs
 




    connect
  



connect



              tuition discount program
            



              events
            



              contests
            



              underwriters
            



              news
            



              prayer wall
            





contact us

give



x




monthly donation


























one-time donation


























any amount























 listen now
        

















end of year givingmake your end of year gift and receive some special thank you gifts including tickets to the 2025 wjie sweetheart dinner for specific giving levels.click to givegive








click here for the wjie prayer wallwjie prayer wall








download the free wjie media appdownload for appledownload for android













88.5 wjie sweetheart dinner
88.5 wjie sweetheart dinner
friday, february 14, 2025 
galt house louisville
gourmet meal and music with tasha layton
one ticket is good for a couple or you can get some friends together and purchase a table for 5 couples!
buy tickets now!
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/885-wjie-sweetheart-dinner-with-tasha-layton-tickets-1090033472459?aff=oddtdtcreator
 









ministry impact report
click here to see it.









danny gokey: the sound of heaven tour
88.5 wjie welcomes:
danny gokey: the sound of heaven tour 
with special guest tasha layton
sunday, april 27, 2025
graceland church in new albany, in
buy tickets here!
thanks to our wjie sponsor knob creek gun range https://www.knobcreekrange.com/









jeremy camp: these days tour
jeremy camp: these days tour
with special guest jonathan traylor
thursday, may 1, 2025 at 7pm
at the brown theatre
buy tickets here!










our mission88.5 wjie is a listener supported, non-commercial radio station that exalts the name of jesus. in fact, we proclaim to be the station “where jesus is exalted”.wjie is a place for listeners to connect with one another, with the community, and most importantly, with christ.we seek to share the good news of the gospel over the radio. our mission is to glorify god with uplifting music, encourage believers with timely messages, and be a shining light to our community and lead others to christ.













learn more how medishare can help you today!








music news



88.5 wjie plays all your favorite christian artists like mercy me, for king & country, casting crowns, lauren daigle, jeremy camp, toby mac, and many others. stay updated with the latest in christian music news with wjie and ccm magazine by clicking here.













send us your prayer request




prayer request



 











our ministrywjie has provided family friendly christian radioto the greater louisville community for 30 years.our location3728 taylorsville rd.louisville, ky 40220p.o. box 99607louisville, ky 40269502-571-wjie


explore

why our station


meet the dj's


upcoming events


contact us

  


stay connected

















hatfield media logo and website link


fcc applications   | 
  eeo public file report   |  
 | 
 | 













