











appraisers liquidators auctioneers | asset reliance





































(909) 944-5959
 












home
current auctions
services

machinery & equipment / inventory appraisals
auctions, liquidations & turnkey business sales
commercial & industrial real estate sales
definitions of value relating to appraisals


faq
testimonials
blog
contact
 


select page


  
 
 











asset reliance, inc.
appraisers & auctioneers

commercial, agricultural, and industrial machinery, equipment & inventory appraisals surplus equipment sales to complete plant public auction sales

view our current auctions








9

clients include:

commercial banks
asset based lenders
corporations, large and small
attorneys
certified public accountants
public agencies
leasing companies
venture capitalists





9

appraisal purposes:

secured lending collateral
litigation support/expert witness testimony
estate planning
insurance appraisals
eminent domain
mergers and acquisitions
family law property settlement
partnership dissolution
property tax challenge
purchase/sale considerations








accredited senior appraisers serving you nationally









asset reliance, inc. has been a trusted source with a renowned commitment to accuracy for all types of machinery, equipment and inventory appraisals for over 35 years enabling our clients to make informed decisions in today’s complex world of machinery and equipment valuation for a variety of purposes. our appraisers are accredited by the american society of appraisers as accredited senior appraiser (asa) and the association of machinery and equipment appraisers as certified equipment appraisers (cea). choosing a company to successfully inform you of the fair market value (fmv), orderly liquidation value (olv) and/or forced liquidation value (flv) of your category of value needs can be challenging.





you are looking for excellent service. you need experts and results you can rely on. our broad industry knowledge, years of experience and impeccable reputation will provide you with comfort and security knowing your needs are in good hands. we are your trusted source for your equipment valuation and remarketing needs.
asset reliance, inc. provides uspap (uniform standards of professional appraisal practice) compliant thoroughly documented machinery, equipment and inventory appraisals supported by extensive market research and analysis with a turnaround time as short as 8-to-10 days from date of inspection. when called upon to sell what we appraise, our value conclusions are proved out by the results of our global reach online public auction sales.
our public auction sales achieve maximum value results for our sellers through utilizing numerous multi-media advertising platforms that reach both regional, national and international qualified and capable buyers to achieve maximum recovery value of your assets.










contact us for a no obligation consultation​ (909) 944-5959

contact us




 











facebook




twitter


© 2022 asset reliance, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy & terms of service 1570 howard access rd., suite b, upland, ca 91786 - (909) 944-5959 




 







