

birth story

























blackbird singing in the dead of night take these broken wings and learn to fly- the beatles
about alexa
alexa lives in the far east with her son tyler and their cat brownie. she can be reached via email here
off screen
in memoriam
for smelly and fish
itunes
inspired by
 the *bleep* poster boy
transcript
the email
the birth story
bulletin board

no baby left behind
are you pregnant? make an informed choice!

abortion counter from www.1way2god.net
tell-all archives
 december 2003
january 2004
february 2004
march 2004
april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011

pregnancy resources
 
pregnancy & child development chart
america's pregnancy helpline
bethany christian services
birthright int'l
care net
catholic charities
cpcworld
good counsel homes
gravityteen
harbor house
heartbeat int'l
his nesting place
hopeline
lifecall
los angeles pregnancy services
pccs
maggie's place
new beginnings
option line
pregnancy centers
pregnancy resources
room at the inn
sav-a-life
sisters of life
the gabriel network
the nurturing network
unplanned-pregnancy.com
waterleaf women's center
single parenting
flyin' solo
adoption
 
a child to love
adoption.com
american adoptions
bethany christian services
national council for adoption
pro-choice resources
 young mommies unite
abortion library
 abortion methods
abortion concern
abortionresearch.net
abortion stories
cemetery of choice
cheryl's page
choice to live with
elliot institute
forgiving abortion
pass
realchoice
silent scream
survivors of abortion
tell my abortion story
tell them i love them
women tell their stories
spiritually adopt an unborn baby
anonymous
audrey
baby hope
charnette messe
christina
cindy
colleen
cynthia
diana lopez
fathers of aborted children
gina
girls who aborted
jennifer rose
josephine bethany
marla cardamone
mary
melissa
men & women who have had abortion
michelle
rebeka nancarrow
rebekah
sarah
sharon osbourne
shelly
stephanie
stephen arterburn
tiffany
tiny tim
toni
tracy
tucker
pjpii to women who have had abortion
recovery and healing
 abortion changes you
abortion recovery network
fatherhood forever
healing hearts ministry
healing hearts ministries
hope alive usa
in our midst
lumina
option line
post-abortion help in canada
project grace
project rachel
rachel's vineyard
ramah int'l
safe haven ministries
saveone
stacy zallie foundation
divine mercy song and one woman's story of loss and hope
other pro-life resources
 americans on call
be not afraid
blackgenocide.org
center for bio-ethical reform
crossing over ministry
do not harm
gabriel's angel network
keep your pants on
life teen
lovematters.com
nextwave faithful
pagans for life
pro-life america
rightgrrl
silent rain drops
standup girl
stand true
teen aid
teen breaks
teen mania ministries
teens for life
think about it
truth 4 youth
umbert the unborn
unborn person
activism
 
a cry without voice
abort73.com
american life league
bound4life
coalition on abortion/breast cancer
culture jam for life
fathers for life
feminists for life
helpers of god's precious infants
helpers of god's (national)
hispanics for life
indiana right to life
ldi
national right to life
no baby left behind
operation outcry
priests for life
rock for life
silent no more mn
silent no more
students for life of america
susan b. anthony list
women deserve better
reads
 a view from the sidewalks
abortion in washington
abortion pundit
abortion watch
after abortion
apologize and don't be sorry
blogs4life
blogs for life
blogs for terri
catholics in the public square
cause of our joy
classical values
common cents
dappled things
doxology
every little wonder
faithmouse
fr. frank
generations for life
get religion
imaginary lines
instapundit
jacquefromtexas
jill stanek
jivinjehoshaphat
knitting a conundrum
life matters
lumina - a ray of light after abortion
matthew 12:37
michelle malkin
motherhood is not for wimps
my domestic church
nerdarific
north western winds
not just the unborn
open book
orthodoxy
peace for our time
pro life blogs
prolifeunity
rachael
raven's musings on life
realchoice
right wing news
savecharlotte
sgt. hook
silent rain drops
some of our favorite things
spare change
the anchoress
the corner
the curt jester
the dawn patrol
the evangelical outpost
the raving theist
the s.i.c.l.e cell
this is not a job for superheroes
times against humanity
2 wild monkeys
why have you forsaken me
wizbang
catholic news service
dappled things
drudge report
ewtn
godspy
gop insight
gopusa
ignatius insight
lifenews.com
lifeissues
lifesite
michnews.com
national catholic register
national catholic reporter
newsbusters
opposing views
redstate
renewamerica.us
the conservative voice
the empire journal
therant.us
world magazine blog
world magazine
pro-life bloggers


euthanasia
 blogs for terri
cure
joni and friends
not dead yet
save charlotte
scott's ffight
terri schindler-schiavo foundation
credits

design: blogfrocks
photo: istockphoto
powered by blogger







 
 



free counters










 


wednesday, may 04, 2011
 
kevin burke of rachel's vineyard on steven tyler: rock star, idol judge, and post-abortive fatherin 1975, when he was in his late 20s and the lead singer for the band aerosmith, tyler persuaded the parents of his 14-year-old girlfriend, julia holcomb, to make him her legal guardian so that they could live together in boston.when miss holcomb and tyler conceived a child, his longtime friend ray tabano convinced tyler that abortion was the only solution. in the aerosmith "autobiography," walk this way (in which recollections by all the band members, and their friends and lovers, were assembled by the author stephen davis), tabano says: "so they had the abortion, and it really messed steven up because it was a boy. he ... saw the whole thing and it [messed] him up big time."tyler also reflects on his abortion experience in the autobiography. "it was a big crisis. it's a major thing when you're growing something with a woman, but they convinced us that it would never work out and would ruin our lives.... you go to the doctor and they put the needle in her belly and they squeeze the stuff in and you watch. and it comes out dead. i was pretty devastated. in my mind, i'm going, jesus, what have i done?"more
alexa swing by at 4:25 am 
 
minnesota senate committee passes new restrictions on abortionrepublicans on the judiciary and public safety committee passed the measure on an 8-5 party line vote tuesday. the bill would prohibit public dollars from paying for abortions for low-income women on state-funded health care programs.the bill also designates original jurisdiction with the state supreme court on any constitutional challenges. republican sen. dave thompson of lakeville insisted that the designation is appropriate."the issue is does the minnesota state constitution require taxpayers to fund elective abortions," thompson said. "that doesn't require fact finding. that is a legal question that can be handled by the supreme court without taking evidence in a district court setting." 
alexa swing by at 4:14 am 
tuesday, may 03, 2011
 
mother with killer condition gives birth despite doctors' abortion advicedonna hewetson, who also suffered ruptured kidney in her bid to bring first child lily into the world, defied medics after enduring the agony of a miscarriage.mrs hewetson, 29, from lichfield, staffordshire, said: 'losing my first baby was absolutely devastating for me and my husband - and i knew with lily, i was prepared to risk my life for her.‘i'd always dreamed about becoming a mum, and when i finally got pregnant, there was no way i was giving up on my baby.'it was a really frightening time - we both knew that the longer i was pregnant, the more tumours i had growing inside me - but my maternal instinct was too strong to even contemplate a termination.'her pregnancy caused her body to produce hormones that led her to suffer two potentially fatal conditions.mrs hewetson was also diagnosed with tuberous sclerosis, which causes benign tumours to grow on vital organs when she was just 12 weeks' pregnant.she was also told she had lymphangioleiomyomatosis (lam), a lung condition that affects just one in a million women, and causes the breathing organs to collapse.but despite her own life being at risk, she was so desperate to become a mother that she was willing to risk her life.
alexa swing by at 1:12 pm 
 
catholic colleges drop abortion, planned parenthood links
alexa swing by at 11:50 am 
monday, may 02, 2011
 
abby johnson: i regret selling abortions at planned parenthoodevery day of my life i think about the women i took from. i took away their motherhood, i devalued them, i broke their confidence, i betrayed them. how i wish i could look into every one of their faces and tell them how sorry i am. if i could restore some of what i took from them, i would give my life to make it happen. i wish i could be there to wipe their tears when they mourn for their lost child.  to know that you committed a terrible wrong that you can't make right is one of the most desperate feelings in the world.and as desperate as i feel, i can't make those wishes come true. but i do my best everyday to make it up to those women and their children. i failed them once, but i won't do it again. i know they haven't forgotten their children, and i haven't either.for the lives i have taken, 'i'm sorry' just seems hollow to even say. how do you apologize for killing thousands of children and wounding thousands of families? i'm not sure i have an answer. but i am sorry.i am sorry to the women i coerced into abortion. i am sorry to every woman who has ever had an abortion; you may never hear those words from the person who performed your abortion, but i want you to hear it from me on behalf of that doctor or clinic worker.i am sorry they betrayed you. i am sorry they broke your spirit and your trust. i am sorry they hurt you. i am sorry they didn't have the courage to stand up for you and what you really deserved...a chance to be a mother to your child.  we abused and disrespected you in the worst possible way  i am sorry.  so many people probably disappointed you... your friends, your family, your church community, your coworkers, maybe others. i apologize on behalf of them, as well. i am guilty of selling abortion to my family, friends, coworkers, and even people i worship with.  we should have stood up for you and your child. i am so sorry we let you down in the worst possible way. you deserved better than what we gave you.
alexa swing by at 4:48 pm 
thursday, april 28, 2011
 
russia considering abortion restrictions to slow population collapse
alexa swing by at 1:08 pm 
friday, april 22, 2011
 
body of baby victimized in abortion found in clinic parking lotgaby federico, who is also associated with the pro-life group live action, discovered a dead, dismembered baby in the parking lot of hilltop family planning clinic, an abortion center in this western texas city. the hilltop clinic advertises abortions up to 15 weeks into pregnancy.federico and a fellow pro-life sidewalk counselor at the abortion center were alerted to the baby's body a man who lives next to the abortion center. he said the night before, his dog had been sniffing around the parking lot and found the baby's body parts lying on the ground, so he put the remains of the baby in a plastic bag and handed the bag to federico this morning. the bag contained disarticulated tissue, two bloody legs with feet, and a severed hand.[...]"this is horrible to know that these children are killed daily here in el paso, not only without a burial, but to be disposed of in such an inhuman way. it's not fair," frederico said. "this shouldn't ever happen, in el paso or anywhere. the world needs to see what abortion clinics do to children. when dead babies start turning up in the clinic parking lot, no further proof is needed of what abortion is. these clinics need to be shut down."she indicated the police said they would not hold anyone at the abortion center accountable and would not follow through on ensuring a proper burial for the baby. the bishop of el paso, armando achoa, has reportedly come to the abortion center and has asked for the baby's body so he can officiate a proper burial.upon viewing photographs of the body parts, former planned parenthood director abby johnson said they were remarkably well-developed."the findings are consistent with the remains of an abortion procedure," johnson, who was the director of the bryan/college station planned parenthood abortion center for years and was also a "products of conception technician," the term for someone who reassembles baby body parts after an abortion to ensure the abortion was complete. "based on the development of the foot and the formation of the leg, and what appears to be a tear at the top of the leg, this looks like an abortion done through vacuum aspiration on a child at 12 to 14 weeks lmp."update from live action: el paso police are refusing to release this child into the hands of those who are wanting to provide a proper burial. call the el paso police department and demand justice for this child! this baby deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. demand a proper burial for this tiny child! please call 915-564-7000
alexa swing by at 6:37 pm 
 
gender-selection abortions spreading in india
alexa swing by at 6:21 pm 
thursday, april 21, 2011
 
iowa governor terry branstad declares april abortion recovery month
alexa swing by at 7:52 pm 
 
youngest surviving premature baby in europe (and possibly the world) released from german hospitalthe baby weighed just 460 grams when she born in early november at just 21 weeks and five days, and was not initially expected to survive. the general view of the association of neonatology is that babies born before the 22nd week of pregnancy will not live.yet the little girl, called frieda, now weighs in at a healthy 3,500 grams and is being sent home in fulda near frankfurt.her mother, who has asked not to be identified, experienced problems in the 15th week of the pregnancy and was admitted to hospital to reverse the onset of early labour. but doctors managed to delay the birth by a further ten days, but no more than that.as soon as the tiny baby was born she was whisked into an incubator and intensively cared for."her life was hanging from a thread, but she fought through," said reinald repp, head doctor at fulda hospital."there is no indication that she cannot be healthy."
alexa swing by at 7:45 pm 
 
late abortion figures must be released, high court rules
alexa swing by at 10:03 am 
 
three bills placing restrictions on abortions move through florida house panelmembers of the house health and human services committee approved three bills by largely partisan votes that collectively bar using state or federal funds for abortions (except in cases of rape, incest, or the endangerment of the health of the mother); require abortion-seekers to undergo ultrasounds; and restrict doctors from performing abortions in the third trimester or after the fetus is viable.
alexa swing by at 10:00 am 
 
costa rica threatened for protection of embryonic rights
alexa swing by at 2:54 am 
 
an amazing testimony, a must-read: young mother with cancer sacrifices life for unborn child
alexa swing by at 2:48 am 
wednesday, april 20, 2011
 
woman killed pregnant mom, cut baby from abdomen
alexa swing by at 3:00 pm 
tuesday, april 19, 2011
 
tennessee senate oks amendment allowing lawmakers to place more restrictions on abortion
alexa swing by at 10:13 pm 
 
spanish priest avoids excommunication despite paying for an abortion
alexa swing by at 5:30 pm 
 
un forgets abortion is not an international human right
alexa swing by at 5:02 pm 
 
90% of down syndrome children aborted, survivors bring joy
alexa swing by at 2:57 pm 
monday, april 18, 2011
 
16-year-old girl suffered botched abortion at planned parenthood
alexa swing by at 6:57 pm 
 
idaho governor butch otter signs fetal pain late-term abortion bangov. butch otter on thursday signed sb 1165 into law. the law bans abortion past 20 weeks on the basis that substantial medical evidence shows unborn babies feel pain acutely at that age."i am right-to-life, i have been a right-to-life candidate in government all my life," said otter, according to reuters. he told reporters that signing the bill was "the right thing to do." idaho follows kansas and nebraska in enacting successfully a late-term abortion ban based on fetal pain. so far the bans have not been challenged in federal court.
alexa swing by at 6:30 pm 
 
claim: romanian hospitals queasy over abortion at christmas, easterthe croatian times reports that nearly three-quarters of romanian hospitals will not abort unborn children around both christmas and easter, according to a study by the euroregional center for public initiatives (ecpi). the ecpi is funded in part by the open societies institute, an initiative of billionaire globalist and population control advocate george soros.the times reports that only 18 out of 68 hospitals (27 percent in all) in december 2010 said they performed abortions around the time of the christian holidays. even then, the times reported, many doctors at the hospitals carrying out abortions had religious qualms about performing them.
alexa swing by at 6:28 pm 
 
indiana senate votes to end tax funding of planned parenthood
alexa swing by at 6:16 pm 
 
minnesota gop moves to ban funding for planned parenthood
alexa swing by at 6:03 pm 
 
arizona gov. jan brewer signs two bills restricting state funding for abortion programs and further limit access to abortion procedures
alexa swing by at 2:19 pm 
 
great news: 40 days for life campaign ends; over 4,000 saved from abortion since 2007
alexa swing by at 2:16 pm 
 
komen admits planned parenthood doesn't do mammograms with grants
alexa swing by at 2:12 pm 
 
british government wants to withhold late abortion numbers
alexa swing by at 2:07 pm 
sunday, april 17, 2011
 
la times says taxpayers should fund abortion
alexa swing by at 6:38 pm 
tuesday, april 12, 2011
 
texas senate panel oks bill for ultrasound before abortion
alexa swing by at 5:49 pm 
 
kansas governor sam brownback signs fetal pain-abortion ban
alexa swing by at 5:48 pm 
 
two women victimized by botched abortions at naf centerstwo women were transported for emergency care in one day from the affiliated medical services abortion business located at 1428 north farwell avenue in milwaukee, wisconsin. the condition of the two women is currently unknown. operation rescue officials informed lifenews about the two incidents, which took place on friday less than two hours apart.the first ambulance arrived with sirens blaring and lights flashing at about 10:50 a.m. or indicated. the pro-life participants in a 40 days for life prayer vigil witnessed the incident and one person recorded it on his telephone video recorder. dan miller, milwaukee coordinator for 40 days for life provided operation rescue with the raw video.after some time, emergency workers emerged from the abortion center with a woman on a gurney as abortion facility escorts held up a blanket or dark sheet to hide the incident from the pro-life witnesses who were documenting it. the woman was rushed to columbia st. mary's hospital.at approximately 12:55 p.m., the second ambulance arrived, this time without lights or sirens. the video shows an ambulance of a different color and parked in a different place, leaving no doubt that there were two separate incidents. again, clinic escorts held up a dark sheet to conceal the woman on a gurney that was loaded into the awaiting ambulance and taken to an unknown location.
alexa swing by at 5:45 pm 
 
doctors pushed paralyzed irish man to refuse ventilator and die
alexa swing by at 5:40 pm 
 
terri schiavo's family backs rehabilitation center in new york
alexa swing by at 5:36 pm 
 
martin sheen reveals wife was conceived in rape, talks about 'strong' anti-abortion views
alexa swing by at 5:28 pm 
 
report shows multiple links between catholic colleges and planned parenthoodin a 22-page report released yesterday, the cardinal newman society says it found more than 150 "current and past connections" between u.s. catholic colleges and universities and planned parenthood – the nation’s largest abortion provider.the report, entitled "a scandalous relationship: catholic colleges and planned parenthood," included mention of four catholic centers of higher education in california.  read the full report here
alexa swing by at 6:51 am 
monday, april 11, 2011
 
great news: nearly 350 babies saved from abortion during 40 days for life
alexa swing by at 7:33 pm 
 
american express in planned parenthood-twitter controversy
alexa swing by at 7:29 pm 
 
ron paul says being anti-abortion is a libertarian stance based in faith
alexa swing by at 5:26 pm 
 
the coverup of abortion's real risks
alexa swing by at 11:13 am 
 


 
 
photo copyright 
            © istockphoto
            webset copyright © blogfrocks












