



 



entegee | engineering recruiters and staffing agency services



































































 search jobs





follow us





facebook


linkedin



twitter


about us
request talent
send resume

engineering jobs aerospace
chemical engineering
civil & architectural
defense
design & drafting
electrical engineering
technicians
inventory & purchasing
mechanical engineering
medical
quality engineering
software engineering
technical publications
view all jobs
or send us your resumesend resume
job seekers
employers
 








your engineering staffing experts
launch your engineering career. start here.



keyword



city, state



search jobs




 

a message to our clients, consultants and employees about coronavirus. our commitment to health


benefits to working with us

legacy matters.for over 60 years, entegee has fielded the engineering staffing needs of strategic companies across the country. by connecting organizations with experienced professionals in the engineering and technical industries, we've proven our value time and time again.precision counts.with extensive experience in the technical and engineering space, we're proud to have expert placement professionals on our team that are trained in the fields of engineering, computer science, electrical engineering, and drafting.speed makes a difference.we know that quickness is the key to success in a fast-changing, competitive industry. which is why we prioritize speedy talent solutions in order to benefit our strategic partners. 


browse engineering jobs by discipline

medical engineering jobs
aerospace engineering jobs
defense engineering jobs
electrical engineering jobs
software engineering jobs
mechanical engineering jobs
quality engineer jobs
chemical engineering jobs
design & drafting jobs
engineering technician jobs
inventory & purchasing jobs
technical publication jobs
civil & architectural engineering jobs

search all jobs



ready to get to work?

send resume
or search jobs




work with our consultants





it's not just about where you are; it's about where you're headed. which is why our engineering recruiters cover niche talent needs all over the country - spanning across specializations that stand to boon your business ambitions or career goals. we do this through our unique off-the-bench model; a model that guarantees that our partners' engineering and technical goals are met, no matter how grand – or how granular – the plan may be. whatever your unique need may be, we have the right team ready to step up to the plate. 
learn more about us




featured industries




dod, aerospace aircraft
the sky's not the limit for us. our out-of-this-world talent helps take innovation into the atmosphere through positions in mechanical engineering, spacecraft design, and drafting. 




medical technology
our medical technicians are just what the doctor ordered and they're ready to step into your labs on a temporary, permanent, or project basis. 




industrial manufacturing
where's the quality control for your quality controllers? we can help you manufacture the most efficient team with positions like plant managers, controls engineers, machinists, and operators. 




construction and power generation
build on our expertise and generate talent from our network. we have process engineers, system engineers, and other power systems specialists ready to rock your open roles. 



more about our offerings




let's work together.

send resume
or request talent



















contact us
info@entegee.com
 

engineering jobs
medical
defense
aerospace
electrical engineering
software engineering
mechanical engineering
search all jobs
 



ready to work with us?
send resume
request talent

follow us



facebook


linkedin



twitter





© 2025 entegee

internal careers
consultant login
my info
terms of use
privacy policy
cookie policy
eeo statement and legal notices
 










this website uses cookies for audience measurements and advertising purposes. you can learn more about our use of cookies and configure your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here: cookie policy. by navigating this website, you agree to our use of cookies.






 
