




	welcome to new hampshire fish and game department's online license system




page name | globaltitle









































technical support: 1-877-450-4994 or nhfg mon-fri, 8am–4pm; 603-271-2743



















new hampshirefish and game
















f.a.q.


license fees & requirements


h.i.p. regulations


latest news


subscribe to nh wildlife journal
















welcome to new hampshire fish and game'sonline license sales system




notices:
to ensure that you can complete your transaction, we request that you use the latest versions of one of these supported browsers: microsoft edge, firefox, safari or google chrome.if you need to purchase a federal duck stamp for waterfowl hunting you can check with your local post office or online: https://www.fws.gov/service/buy-duck-stamp-or-e-stamp.licenses run on calendar year (except temporary types), expiring on december 31st.free fishing days: january 18, 2025, and june 7, 2025 • freshwater or saltwater fishing by angling only• no license required*• resident or nonresident • all other regulations apply* anglers participating in fishing tournaments on free fishing days must have a license.hunting and fishing licenses are legal documents and must be purchased by the licensee.  the sportsperson must apply and enter the applicable residency proof.  anyone who makes a false statement to obtain a license shall be guilty of a violation.  the department does not have the authority to refund license monies; refunds or exchanges will not be granted.  gift certificates for licenses are available at fish and game headquarters in concord.sportspersons without a prior hunting and/or archery license (or nh safety certificate) in our system cannot purchase their hunting or archery license on the internet site or at a wal-mart.  it must be purchased at a "traditional" license agent showing the prior hunting/archery license or safety certificate equivalent to new hampshire's.in order for a license to be valid it must be printed out and signed by the applicant.  for fishing licenses (not hunting) a pdf or other fixed image of a valid license visible on a smart phone is sufficient to comply with the law, as long as a conservation officer can view the information contained and a photo id can be presented.residents of nh over age 68 years – senior vs. milestone license types (basic hunting, fishing, archery, muzzleloader)discounted senior licenses are available on internet or license agents for residents who have reached age 68 and whose date of birth is 1948 or later   applicant must be at least 68 years of age at the time of purchase to qualify for these rates. those nh residents born 1947 or earlier must obtain their permanent milestone license at the nh fish & game department in concord or at select license agents.   call 603-271-3422 for more info.all secondary licenses may be purchased on the internet or at license agents.















licenses & permits



purchase a new hampshire license




reprint a new hampshire license














hike safe card



purchase a hike safe card




reprint a hike safe card














h.i.p. permit




get your hip permit














non game donations




donate here














moose lottery applications




start your application









purchase a nh license




reprint a nh license




purchase a hike safe card




reprint a hike safe card




get your hip permit




non-game: donate here




moose lottery application











nh.gov   |  
                    privacy policy   |  
                    accessibility policy  |  
                    11 hazen drive, concord, nh 03301 ~ (603) 271-3421


nh.gov   |  
                    privacy policy   |  
                    accessibility policy  |  
                    11 hazen drive, concord, nh 03301 ~ (603) 271-3421






