












discover postgraduate study - oxford brookes university






































skip to main content










menu






search



search




										search the oxford brookes website
									


											search
										






												search
											














search






											search
										
























close




students


staff


alumni








                study
                    




study




                subject areas
            



                courses
            



                international students
            



                why oxford brookes?
            



                study abroad and exchanges
            



                tuition fees
            



                funding and financial support
            



                contact and meet us
            



                how to apply
            



                parents and carers
            



                outreach hub
            





                student life
                    




student life




                oxford: an ideal student city
            



                accommodation
            



                our campuses
            



                brookes union
            



                sports
            



                music
            



                support and wellbeing
            



                student stories
            





                research
                    




research




                ref 2021
            



                research news
            



                research impact showcase
            



                our research networks
            



                our research centres
            



                our research staff
            



                research degrees
            



                research repository (radar)
            



                research integrity and responsible metrics
            



                research ethics
            



                research support
            



                library services for researchers
            



                contact the research team
            





                engage and innovate
                    




engage and innovate




                consultancy
            



                knowledge transfer partnerships
            



                license our technology
            



                public and community engagement
            





                about
                    




about




                brookes at a glance
            



                faculties and schools
            



                professional services
            



                structure and governance
            



                strategy
            



                news
            



                events
            



                our history
            



                our community
            



                safety and welfare
            



                social responsibility
            



                sustainability
            



                our brand guidelines
            



                alumni and supporters
            



                working for brookes
            



                maps and campuses
            



                contact us
            
















home


discover postgraduate study










discover postgraduate study

join us this september

sign up to a webinar and discover what postgraduate study can do for you.
browse our live webinars and online information sessions




















find a course

expand








course level







search


















undergraduate campus events
join us on campus




apply for september
missed the 29 january deadline? it’s not too late to apply



 









 





      undergraduate courses
    





      postgraduate courses
    





      order a prospectus
    





      campus tours
    












“ranked in the top 10 in south east england”
times/sunday times good university guide 2024








“among the world's top universities in 21 subject areas”
qs world university rankings by subject 2024








“ranked 5th in the uk for teaching”
times higher education young university rankings 2023









latest news












14 february 2025
hot and cold: oxford brookes expert explores the health benefits of cold water immersion and saunas
















12 february 2025
oxford brookes university hosts inaugural motorsport event in brand new headington hill building
the future of sustainable motorsport engineering took pole position as oxford brookes university’s new headington hill building (nhhb) hosted its first ever event.















05 february 2025
experts gear up for the 2025 creative industries festival
oxford brookes university will explore and celebrate the creative industries through interactive workshops, panel discussions, screenings and more, as part of the 2025 creative industries festival.















28 january 2025
oxford brookes applies for university of sanctuary status
oxford brookes university has taken a significant step forward in its commitment to supporting refugees and asylum seekers by applying for university of sanctuary status. 










see all news





research and innovation












research strengths

our team of 800+ experts are addressing global challenges facing society, the economy and technology.        
















partnership collaborations

unlock your organisation's potential with our expertise in optimising productivity and cultivating top talent.        
















enterprise activities

entrepreneurship support  through funding opportunities, business programmes, events, and resources.        
















public  engagement

we drive public engagement with our research, innovation and knowledge exchange activities.        











events












11 february 2025 - 25 march 2025
spark awards programme
have a business idea or simply interested in all things entrepreneurial? join spark!















17 february 2025 - 17 february 2025
an illustration of anthropology's contribution to refugee law research
the mrn (migration and refugees) network and fred (fundamental rights, equality and diversity) research group, school of law and social sciences, are pleased to invite you to this talk.















18 february 2025 - 18 february 2025
korean prosody for korean-to-english translation
this hybrid lecture is part of the "translating across languages and cultures conference series". it is sponsored by the institute of language, culture and society (ilcs).















25 february 2025 - 25 february 2025
the mediated and multimodal nature of song translation
tiffany lecick will discuss the translation of song lyrics and technology. this event can be attended online and in-person. 









see all events





our 2035 vision





our strategy sets out the focus and priorities for the next 15 years. we have worked closely with our students, staff, local community and other stakeholders to create a new strategy for oxford brookes university for 2020/2021 and beyond. as part of this work we have articulated our bold and ambitious 2035 vision statement as an expression of the kind of institution we want to be in 2035 and the steps we will take in order to achieve this vision. 






find out more about our strategy					






































































back to top









oxford brookes university
headington campus
oxford
ox3 0bp
uk

campus addresses »


location map





social media

obu facebookobu xobu linkedinobu youtubeobu instagramobu weiboobu tiktok





footer navigation


© 2025 oxford brookes university
-


accessibility statement
cookies
modern slavery statement
policies
privacy
student protection plan

website monitored by uptimerobot
















