




home | ppta




















 




















					collective agreements
					puka whakaaetanga





our collective agreements provide the terms and conditions of employment for ppta te wehengarua members in  state and integrated secondary schools





												secondary teachers' collective agreement (stca)
												
											



												area school teachers' collective agreement (astca)
												
											



												secondary principals' collective agreement (spca)
												
											



												area school principals' collective agreement (aspca)
												
											



												adult and community education (ace) staff in schools' collective agreement
												
											







					advice
					kupu āwhina





ppta te wehengarua advice and information on topical and current education and teacher employment issues.




												*frequently asked questions*
												
											



												appointments to teaching positions in secondary schools
												
											



												behaviour management
												
											



												certification
												
											



												community liaison trial
												
											



												day relievers
												
											



												ending streaming in aotearoa
												
											



												estimating hours of work for additional payment duties
												
											



												fast track teacher education (teach first nz)
												
											



												fixed-term agreements
												
											



												health and safety
												
											



												kāhui ako
												
											



												mypage / delegate rollout
												
											



												ncea 
												
											



												parental provisions
												
											



												part-time teachers
												
											



												pay
												
											



												practising certificate
												
											



												preparing for the start of 2025
												
											



												professional growth cycle
												
											



												professional learning and development (pld)
												
											



												registration and certification
												
											



												sick leave
												
											



												study awards, sabbaticals and study support grants
												
											



												surplus staffing and reorganisation
												
											



												teacher supply
												
											



												teaching council of aotearoa nz
												
											



												tomorrow's schools review
												
											



												workload (hours of work)
												
											







					campaigning
					whakatairanga







												toitū te tiriti
												
											



												charter schools - standing for public education
												
											



												living wage schools
												
											



												pay equity
												
											



												our promise to new teachers
												
											



												needs-based staffing for secondary
												
											



												adult and community education – we’re with you
												
											







					events
					he takunetanga





new zealand post primary teachers' association te wehengarua events and meetings.




												past events
												
											



												overseas-trained teachers webinar
												
											



												mahi tika: learning to make a difference
												
											



												the provisionally certificated teachers’ conference 2025
												
											



												network of establishing teachers conference 2025
												
											



												delegate leadership development workshop (dld) and issues & organising seminar (i&o)
												
											



												the national secondary education leadership summit 2025 
												
											



												micro-credentials - secondary teacher career pathway qualification
												
											



												reimagining aotearoa
												
											



												worksafereps h&s training
												
											



												women in secondary educational leadership programme
												
											







					communities
					ngā hapori





the ppta te wehengarua communities may be local, regional and/or national networks.  these pages provide an opportunity for teachers to find out more, be involved and share information and resources.




												adult and community education (ace)
												
											



												area schools advisory committee
												
											



												guidance counsellors
												
											



												housing taskforce
												
											



												ict advisory committee
												
											



												itinerant teachers of music
												
											



												network of establishing teachers
												
											



												neurodivergent kaiako advisory committee
												
											



												pasifika teachers
												
											



												rainbow teachers
												
											



												secondary principals' council
												
											



												senior positions advisory committee
												
											



												specialist classroom teacher (sct)
												
											



												subject associations
												
											



												tāngata whenua
												
											



												women's network
												
											







					learning & development
					whakapakaritanga





the ppta te wehengarua has a storied commitment to the ongoing development of the education sector and, most importantly, the professionals working within it. kaiako need more than just time to excel at their jobs; they must be supported by learning and development opportunities that professionally enrich them.  




												ppta te wehengarua national education leadership summit 2025
												
											



												the provisionally certificated teachers’ conference 2025
												
											



												women in secondary educational leadership programme
												
											



												micro-credentials - secondary teacher career pathway qualification
												
											



												grant to attend subject association conferences
												
											



												hear from our kaiako
												
											







					news & media
					ngā pitopito kōrero me te hunga pāpāho









					
					about us
					
				



ppta constitution


ppta structures


vacancies


document library





					
					contact us
					
				



					
					join us
					
				



benefits


subscription types and rates


join ppta


teacher education students online application


membership changes








					my page log in
					
				



























campaigns
standing for public education
with the election of a national, act and nz first government we are facing the return of charter schools to aotearoa new zealand.

                        read more
                        






popular content


                            collective agreements
                            




                            how ppta is organised: structures
                            




                            join ppta
                            




                            membership
                            




                            contact us
                            




                            secondary principals' council
                            




                            teacher workload 
                            



























event
make a submission on the treaty principles bill

                                
                                    
                                        
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                        as educators, we have worked hard over many years to understand and enact practices that give life to te tiriti o waitangi.  

this guide will tautoko...
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                
                            

                                read more
                                
















event
webinar: how to write a treaty principles bill submission

                                
                                    
                                        
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                        this webinar is an opportunity for ppta te wehengarua to help our members make a submission on the treaty principles bill. we are hosted by expert edu...
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                
                            

                                read more
                                
















event
preparing for the start of 2025

                                
                                    
                                        
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                        updated information  

the ministry has reviewed the formulae for additional part time staffing allowance for secondary, restricted composites, and co...
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                
                            

                                read more
                                
















event
mypage / delegate rollout

                                
                                    
                                        
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                        how to find:
mypage
delegate list
 

what is my page?

my page is the new ppta membership platform. it is designed to be more user friendly and links ...
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                
                            

                                read more
                                













upcoming events
new zealand post primary teachers' association te wehengarua events and meetings.

                            see all upcoming events
                            

















30 october 2024
webinar - what you need to know about the treaty principles bill

                                    
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                    join us online on wednesday, october 30th, at 4:30 pm to learn about the issues and ramifications of the treaty principles bill and how you can take a...
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                

                                
                                    get the details
                                    

















monday 9 – wednesday 11 september 2024 
ngā manu kōrero 2024





















overseas-trained teachers webinar





















micro-credentials - secondary teacher career pathway qualification





















women in secondary educational leadership programme
















latest news













teaching council
teaching council elections 2025

                                
                                    
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                    elections for the teaching council are now open. seven of the 13 governing council members are elected by the profession during elections held every t...
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                
                            

                                read more
                                

















media releases 2024
government refusal to release charter school information unreasonable and unlawful - ombudsman

a complaint by ppta te wehengarua about the government’s refusal to release a range of information about its plans for charter schools, has been sustained by the ombudsman. 


                                read more
                                

















media releases 2024
review of relationships and sexuality education welcomed

the ero report from a review of relationships and sexuality education in our schools is welcomed by the nzppta, says president chris abercrombie.


                                read more
                                








                        see all news and media
                        






















                    get your ppta merch
                    
















contact us
phone: (04) 384 9964
email: enquiries@ppta.org.nz
address: authorised by: ppta, 60 willis street, wellington, nz






					my page log in
				











all text on this website is licensed under the creative commons attribution 4.0 international licence. to view a copy of this licence, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/.
all images are all rights reserved, and you must request permission from the copyright owner to use this material.
click here to view our privacy policy

copyright © 2025 ppta. all rights reserved.
website by ps/digital









