






bug source inc - bug control equipment, mosquito control, fly control, insect and pest control,  sprayers, foggers, insecticides, pesticides.




 








sign in
sign-up

















this companey/domain is for sale
bug source is not operational at this time....... thanks for looking!
contact bugsource@wi.rr.com





















 



home page
bed bugs - bedbugsupply.com
mosquito control
fly control
insecticides
foggers
misting systems
misting system refills
misting system nozzles
misting system fittings
misting system tubing
misting system misc
customer support
contact us
links page







 





quality pest products products for do your own pest control! easy to install to protect your backyard!
order now!


the bug source misting system is available in 55 gallon plastic reservoirs, 1/3 hp electric motor (1/2 hp motor and higher capacity pump for larger systems exceeding 100 nozzles), digital timers, high pressure clear or black tubing and stainless steel nozzles for accurate delivery of insecticide. our safety float assembly will provide accurate low-liquid level sensing. this safety control will shut the system down when the liquid level is low - protecting the pump. this liquid level control is located on top of the barrel, keeping all electricity out of the inside of the barrel! a great safety feature! do it yourself!

click here to check out our bug source misting systems!















misting system refills

providing insecticides that are formulated to kill pests dead in their tracks. thanks to our years of experience in the industry, the insecticides we provide are premium quality, to give you effective yet economical solutions to your pest concerns. 




ulv & thermal foggers

dependable and versatile, a model for every need. hand held, backpack and truck mounted units.  deodorizers for odor control and applies insecticides in both water and oil based formulations. simple to use for mosquito control!





virex ii 256 kills mrsa!

we now offer products that kill the mrsa staph bacteria! works on influenza type a (swine flu h1n1).



fogging solutions

all you need to get started on protecting your yard from biting insects. select one of the solutions for your problem and get results.





 
 
 
 browse our bug & pest control categories for - do your own






do your own pest control and take back control of your yard!





bug source misting systems



proven leader of the automatic insect misting system in the market!  let us provide you with a solution to kill mosquitoes! providing systems since 2001







ulv cold foggers



ultra-low-volume (ulv) cold fog







thermal foggers



thermal foggers







truck mounted fogging units **free shipping**



truck mounted







insecticides - bug control solutions



simple to use! have fun with your life! insect control will make the outdoors more enjoyable!!!  
there are many uses for the different bug control solutions we offer. you can use it for relief from bugs for pets, horses, dairy farms, cattle and much more! protect yourself from mosquitoes, flies and those pesty gnats!







odor control products



multiple solutions to those tough odor & mold problems!






 




 
 
 
 top selling pest control products for do your own






here are some of the top-selling products in our store:









 
hurricane & new ultra ulv fogger

hurricane fogger (curtis) is capable of dispensing insecticides(permethrin, pyrethrum, pbo), disinfectants, deodorizers and more in both water and oil based formulations. areas of use include residential, warehouses, schools, resorts, golf courses, greenhouses, garages, nursing homes and other institutions.  an adjustable output of 0-5 gallons per hour, this versatile unit gives you the power to handle both large and small areas, wherever ultra low volume application is needed.

$ 264.99











 
golden eagle thermal fogger

golden eagle thermal fogger (curtis). the golden eagle is one of the most economical and effective applicators for dispensing oil based chemical products. it excels on application problems where other machines fail: indoor and outdoor, and for the little as well as the large jobs such as mosquito control.

$ 1895.00











 
solo 450 / 451

the solo 450 is based on the power blower and represents a further development of low emission engine technology. powered by a 2-cycle, 52.6 cc, 3.3 hp solo engine and revolutionary fan system. the 450 mist blower offers ergonomic carrying frame and wide, quick-release straps. 3.4 gallon capacity formulation tank with a large filler opening. a 4 position liquid dosage control offers a sellectable output from 0.12 to 0.89 gallons per minute. mist output can reach 38 feet horizontal or 31 feet vertical.

$ 699.99





















