








vein treatments & appearance medicine clinic | vein & skin clinic





























































































skip to content











 
0800 639 698










book now











 
0800 new you (639 968)














book now









 












 








v&s medical 









price list







vein treatments 















varicose veins
evla
ultrasound guided sclerotherapy
 







reticular veins
spider veins
facial veins & facial blush
 











skin treatments 















skin cancer
moles
benign skin growths
dermatoscopy check
 











cosmetic surgery 















liposuction
snoring treatment
excessive sweating
mint thread lifts (with doctor)
 










view price list











v&s aesthetics 









price list







injectables 















hyaluronic acid – dermal fillers
botulinum relaxant
profhilo
chin fat reduction – deoxycholic acid
bio stimulators – sculptra/radiesse
super boost – hydration
mint mono threads
 











medical grade lasers 















triple star treatment
fraxel – fractionated laser
fraxis – co2 fractionated laser
secret® – radio frequency micro needling
lotus gynolaser – vaginal rejuvenation
lumenis m22 ipl – photo rejuvenation + pigmentation
lumenis m22 nd:yag – vascular laser
lumenis lightsheer – hair removal
omnilux – led healing light therapy
 











skin + acne + resurfacing 















microdermabrasion + omnilux
asap chemical peels
cosmeceuticals range
prescription medications
dermapen
 






view price list















locations
promotions
about
blog
contact
 




 























safe, excellent & effective treatmentsthe vein & skin clinic is one of new zealand's foremost vein treatment and appearance medicine clinics.get in touchsafe, excellent & effective treatmentsthe vein & skin clinic is one of new zealand's foremost vein treatment and appearance medicine clinics.get in touch 


















 



















v&s medical 





safe, effective and skillful surgical care. 



vein and skin clinic is wellington and new plymouth’s foremost clinics for varicose veins, skin lesions both benign and cancerous, and other minor surgical treatments.  the wellington clinic also offers tumescent liposuction.  the procedures are administered by a team of highly experienced doctors. 






learn more














































v&s aesthetics 





vein and skin clinic wellington offers the latest laser technology which gives patients the best benefits possible. modern lasers range from those that treat varicose veins and tiny red veins through to acne scarring, hair removal, skin rejuvenation and tattoo removal. 



linked to vein and skin clinic is their aesthetics which encompasses botox®, dermal fillers and most appearance medicine modalities (sculptra, prp, radio frequency dermal needling), run by a team of new zealand’s most experienced cosmetic nurses with doctor oversight.  offered in both the wellington and new plymouth clinics. 






learn more






























 




















v&s medical 





treatments 














						veins					

















						skin cancer					





















						liposuction					

















						other procedures					




















v&s aesthetics 





treatments 














						anti-aging					

















						ipl					





















						laser					

















						acne					























our promotions 



the vein and skin clinic is one of new zealand’s foremost vein treatment and appearance medicine clinics. 






view all












 









 
















 



dr poczwa pioneered and performed the first evla (endovenous laser ablation) treatment of large varicose veins in new zealand in 2002. he has successfully treated well over 2000 cases including some of the largest varicose veins see in this hemisphere. training and then working alongside his son-in-law dr jarrod newell, dr poczwa has shared his knowledge and expertise to the next generation. both dr henryk poczwa and dr jarrod newell excel in their field and provide the high standards which the vein and skin clinic is known for. 







v&s vein + skin 



trust in experience 



the vein and skin clinic is one of new zealand’s foremost vein treatment and appearance medicine clinics. our mission is to provide, safe, excellent and effective treatments for the benefit of our clients. 







latest technology and advanced techniques 



highly trained medical professionalsyears of experience in the fields of varicose veins, liposuction, appearance procedures and skin rejuvenation 










about our team






























v&s vein + skin 



skin cancer and mole removal 



new zealand has one of the highest rates of skin cancer in the world due to sun exposure and skin damage – especially during childhood. consult the vein and skin clinic for a full body mole map, known as a dermatoscopy, with our experienced skin specialist – dr jarrod newell. 



also, remove benign moles, lumps and bumps from the skin with virtually no scarring using the surgitron machine.consult the vein and skin clinic to see if radiofrequency surgery can help you. 



v&s vein and skin, is an affiliated provider to southern cross for selected services, as well as most other insurance companies.  nib, first choice, sovereign, unimed and more. 






learn more






























 





























affiliated provider 



v&s vein and skin, is an affiliated provider to southern cross for selected services, as well as most other insurance companies.  nib, first choice, sovereign, unimed and more. 






learn more



























 











v&s vein + skin 



our clinics 







 



our mission is to provide safe, excellent and effective treatments for the benefit of our clients. we are dedicated to the health and appearance concerns of our patients and therefore, create an environment where medicine and aesthetics merge, vitalising and enhancing one’s inner and outer beauty. 







v&s wellington 



v&s wellington is the central hub of vein treatment and appearance medicine in the greater wellington region. 



v&s new plymouth 



v&s new plymouth is our brand-new premises, offering vein treatment and appearance medicine for taranaki and the upper north island.we provide free, off street parking for your convenience. 



satellite cosmetic clinics 



we also have satellite cosmetic clinics in the wairarapa, kapiti and southland area, for injectables. as well as varicose vein treatments in southland with dr poczwa. 







 
find a clinic near you  










click here




























v&s vein + skin 



talk to one of our friendly consultants 



we are dedicated to the health and appearance concerns of our patients. 







 
get in touch
































 



q card and other payment options available.southern cross affiliated and covered by most other insurers (for varicose vein treatment). 






our promotions










book cliniko










book cliniko wellington











get in touch 





wellington




 
38 roxburgh street, mt victoria





 
04 939 1353









new plymouth




 
23 hobson street, new plymouth





 
06 757 2872











stay connected 






facebook-f
 



instagram
 



linkedin
 






complete your details below to sign up to our newsletter. 











								email							



 



subscribe












privacy policy

















© vein & skin clinic


2025


website by









apex digital












privacy policy
site map
 

privacy policy
site map
 







 






  






 






select v&s location 














wellington











to make your wellington booking please select a treatment option below. 






medical










aesthetics


















taranaki








 






 







 






    




















































