











biodynamic association | rethinking agriculture










































































skip to main content



 

login | reset password 


 



 








biodynamicslearn morewhat is biodynamics?
biodynamic principles & practices
biodynamic gardening
the farm individuality
biodynamic preparations
recursos en español
research results
biodynamics journal
blog

about usbiodynamic demeter alliance
board of directors & advisory boards
biodynamic association team
membership


educationprogramsbiodynamic education overview
biodynamic foundations training
online courses & webinars
biodynamic scholarship fund
2024 online biodynamic conference
biodynamic research

other resourceseducation & training opportunities
community calendar
fellowship of preparation makers


communitymembershipmembership benefits & levels
for members
biodynamics journal

connectcommunity connections
calendar of events
jobs, land, & discussions
regional groups
fellowship of preparation makers
contact us


 


join or renew
donate
e-news














 






join or renew
donate
e-news















biodynamic stories blog








community
look at what happens with a love like that
by daniela maría escudero: reflections on the 2025 fellowship of preparation makers gathering in viroqua, wisconsin. there is true magic in creating a space—physical and spiritual that fosters fertile soil for all kinds of learning, growing and evolving.
posted on feb 11, 2025




carbon and nature consciousness
by karen davis-brown: on the winter evenings of december 7 and 8, a group of twelve of us came together online from across the continent to explore more deeply our relationship to carbon in the world and carbon’s relationship with the solar system.
posted on dec 18, 2024




forging a new path for healing agriculture, together
by anthony mecca: there is a need for healing in our work, with biodynamics forging a new path for agriculture. as a contributor to this work, the biodynamic association strives to recognize, support, and help empower our entire community. we look forward to connecting and working with you to forge a new path for a healing agriculture, together.
posted on dec 17, 2024






read our blogwhat is biodynamics?
resources on the principles and practices, biodynamic preparations, research, certification, and more
principles & practices of biodynamics
discover more about biodynamic principles & practices and explore a holistic, ecological, and ethical approach to farming, gardening, food, and nutrition.
community events & learning opportunities
upcoming events

  
 beekeepers q&a with spikenard mentors 
 02/19/2025 
 floyd  
 virginia 

 marbleseed organic farming conference  
 02/20/2025 to 02/22/2025 
 la crosse 
 wisconsin 

 biodynamic agriculture talk with stewart lundy 
 02/22/2025 
 college park 
 maryland 

 the individualized farmscape and pruning fruit trees 
 02/22/2025 
 chestnut ridge 
 new york 

 the 12th biennual organic seed growers conference 
 02/26/2025 to 03/01/2025 
 corvallis 
 oregon 
 


    more  

recursos en español


 



















subscribe to e-newsthe biodynamic association is part of the biodynamic demeter alliance (link is external).
the alliance believes that biodynamic agriculture can heal people and the planet. we advance the adoption of biodynamic practices among growers and bring together producers, distributors, advocates, consumers, and policymakers to create a thriving, equitable agricultural system that nurtures and supports the well-being of communities economically, environmentally, and spiritually.


317 church street, phoenixville, pa 19460
(262) 649-9212   |   info@biodynamics.com

questions or issues accessing the website?
see our faqs
contact tech support

terms and conditions of use   |   privacy policy


 









txdvioawpf01sfy39587stp17sfy39587stp16

