



	ukyap
 





















website cookies


cookie preferences




we use cookies to personalise content and to analyse our traffic. we also share information about your use of our website with our analytics partners. view our cookies page.


strictly necessary cookies required
optional cookies 
                                






we'd like to set analytics cookies to help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. for more information on how these cookies work please see our cookies policy. the cookies collect information in an anonymous form.




accept all cookies
change cookie preferences


accept all cookiesset custom preferences








skip to main content











contact us now
0203 369 9630 or enquiries@ukyap.org
















home about usour team our history community interest company our approach our serviceswhat's involved fully-staffed core programme parent-managed workshop-based programme other services provided by uk behaviour analysis and research group cic parental involvement services application our researcheibi/ibi research evidence further reading training and careersrecruitment training and careers faq contact 











broadening horizons
for children and young people









broadening horizons
for children and young people


















enabling children and young people with autism to gain dignity and independence
we are committed to helping children and young people with autism, and/or related developmental delays, reach their full potential through providing research-based early intensive behavioural intervention (eibi) and intensive behavioural intervention (ibi). our programmes include a comprehensive developmental curriculum and teaching utilises procedures based on applied behaviour analysis (aba).
our services our research ukyap faq's













our services
the fully-staffed core aba programme
the parent-managed workshop-based aba programme




~/services/default.aspx











training and careers
opportunities to work with ukyap




~/training_and_careers/default.aspx












testimonials


all our interactions with uk yap have been positive and productive; they are professional, passionate and committed individuals who care very much about the children, the parents, and the need for a research-based programme.
parent


we are happy with the service given on all levels; it is friendly and professional, and the children’s interests are clearly the main concern.
parent


i am very happy with the service we receive and feel uk yap, being a larger organisation, is able to provide excellent service, good access to staff and a wider range of skills than one could get with a lone consultant.
parent


clearly the interests and progress of the child come above commercial interests/issues for uk yap. we receive a caring, human service with very high standards.
parent


you are awesome people to work for and you run a fantastic organisation, i really respect your opinions and judgement.
tutor


you are an amazingly focussed and caring consultant, i love your direct, yet kind and gentle ways, with the kids and the parents!
parent


our workshop consultant is both professional and supportive offering a clear and precise teaching methodology tailored to our son’s needs.
parent


everyone is so friendly, it’s a pleasure working with you all.
team member





























uk young autism project
89 tilehurst road, earlsfield, london sw18 3ex




© 2025

designed & developed by lightmedia

terms

cookie policy

privacy policy

login



uk young autism project is a division of uk behaviour analysis and research group cic

















‹
›
×







×






                                previous
                            

                                next
                                








