
metal fabrication machines | empire machinery    

 1-800-665-8089sales@empire-machinery.comaboutmanufacturerscareerscontactmy accountquotecart (0)

equipmentcondition

newused machinerycategories

bandsawbeam cutbelt sanders/grindersbrakes & bendersclinching machinescnc folderscoil processing equipmentcold sawscollar beading machinesdeburringdegalvanizerdrill pressesduct beaderselbow machinesflangershydraulic ironworkersinsulation cutterslaser cutting tableslaser weldernotcherspinspotterpipe cutpipe seamerplasma cutting tablespress brakespressespunching equipmentroll bendersrollersrollformersrotary machinessafety guardingseam closershearsslittersspiral pipe & related equipmentspotweldersstitch welderstdc/tdf corner insertionstoolstube & pipe bendersmanufacturers

accurlalpha lazerapex machine groupautomecbaileighbeam cut systemsbrown boggsburr kingduro dyneellisem-proengel industriesflaglergripnailiowa precisionjet-lubejornslinmaclockformermachitechmarvelmc machinerymestek machinerynorlokrolla-vrolleriroper whitneyroto-dieruoffschechtlschlebachschroeder groupscotchmanspiral-helixtennsmithtin knockertrumpfwellsawwilson toolindustry

hvacmetal fabricationroofingbrowse all equipmentservicesservicing + maintenance

equipment sales

lease to own

resourcesblog

testimonials

tutorials

coil line roi calculator

machine buyer’s guidespress brake

plasma table

coil line

deburring

folders







contact a sales rep








equipmentbackconditionbacknewused machinerycategoriesbackbandsawbeam cutbelt sanders/grindersbrakes & bendersclinching machinescnc folderscoil processing equipmentcold sawscollar beading machinesdeburringdegalvanizerdrill pressesduct beaderselbow machinesflangershydraulic ironworkersinsulation cutterslaser cutting tableslaser weldernotcherspinspotterpipe cutpipe seamerplasma cutting tablespress brakespressespunching equipmentroll bendersrollersrollformersrotary machinessafety guardingseam closershearsslittersspiral pipe & related equipmentspotweldersstitch welderstdc/tdf corner insertionstoolstube & pipe bendersmanufacturersbackaccurlalpha lazerapex machine groupautomecbaileighbeam cut systemsbrown boggsburr kingduro dyneellisem-proengel industriesflaglergripnailiowa precisionjet-lubejornslinmaclockformermachitechmarvelmc machinerymestek machinerynorlokrolla-vrolleriroper whitneyroto-dieruoffschechtlschlebachschroeder groupscotchmanspiral-helixtennsmithtin knockertrumpfwellsawwilson toolindustrybackhvacmetal fabricationroofingbrowse all equipmentservicesbackservicing + maintenanceequipment saleslease to ownresourcesbackblogtestimonialstutorialscoil line roi calculatormachine buyer’s guidesbackpress brakeplasma tablecoil linedeburringfoldersdocumentationaboutbackmanufacturerscareerscontactmy accountquotecart (0)contact a sales repyour trusted source for new & used sheet metal equipment and metal fabricating machinery.for over 30 years, empire machinery has been helping businesses across canada and the usa improve their efficiency and results with budget-friendly, sheet metal fabrication and metal fabrication machinery solutions.browse all equipment

contact us                        








why partner with empire?
full-spectrum supportall of your maintenance, installation, and training needs are addressed by our qualified & skilled empire technicians.
industry experienceyou can rely on our 3+ decades of knowledge and hands-on experience with sheet metal fabrication machinery and equipment.
broad reachenjoy the lowest freight rates available to canada and usa thanks to our negotiated transport discounts.we have a passion for helping our customers and partners succeed. see how we can help make your life easier with our metal fabrication solutions and support.what we offer

our story                                


our customers love what we do

browse more testimonials




as an engineer, i really appreciate the efficient design of our new flexmaster as compared to other flex pipe machines. the unit is compact, the lubrication system is very clean – no mess and the run out table adjustment is very well thought out. from a production point of view, the flexmaster produces consistent product, size changes are fast and the machine is simple to use for operators at all levels. the factory technician was very knowledgeable and thorough during training and we are very pleased with our new flex pipe machine.
lambro industrieswe have purchased several machines from empire machinery in recent years and have found their service to be courteous and prompt. the equipment we have purchased has always performed to our satisfaction. i look forward to continuing this relationship on upcoming projects.
selkirk canadathe pei spot welder is an excellent quality machine. we love the control, it is very simple to operate – digital, no dials to play with. it has allowed us to do work we were unbale to do in the past.
plascad mfg.the cidan folder produces consistent, accurate folds while allowing the majority of the material to stay in the flat state. this has greatly reduced the risk of damage to the product and as a result, has reduced the rate of rejects and reworks to virtually zero. the clamping of the material at the fold line allows small bends to be folded in thicker materials. some of our bends that could not be produced using conventional press brake tooling without material distortion can now be folded accurately and consistently, eliminating the need for auxiliary processing. installation and training was conducted by cidan and was of a high caliber.
greensteel industriesas a regular user of empire machinery & tools ltd.’s equipment for the last six years, we are very happy to say that we are very satisfied with our equipment and the sales and after sales services provided by our friends at empire. keep up the good work!
design built mechanicalour new tennsmith lm1014 shear has really made a difference in our shop. it is a pleasure to work with and we have already sheared 14ga without a problem. the front material return has improved production and safety – no-one has to go behind the shear to pick up parts! the tennsmith back gauge is easy to use and accurate – we are very pleased with our new shear!
dunmet productshttps://youtu.be/xsgunlq69zuvideo can't be loaded because javascript is disabled: a testimonial from lws welding contractors ltd. (https://youtu.be/xsgunlq69zu)https://youtu.be/w6ff0o_jw5w?si=9c6jymwvn3u-v5hpvideo can't be loaded because javascript is disabled: em-pro hvac plasma table: pyramid plumbing and heating testimonial (https://youtu.be/w6ff0o_jw5w?si=9c6jymwvn3u-v5hp)https://youtu.be/divecm_vn9g?si=1chn6k6jgaxn_szovideo can't be loaded because javascript is disabled: em-pro hvac plasma table: northwest ventilation testimonial (https://youtu.be/divecm_vn9g?si=1chn6k6jgaxn_szo)https://youtu.be/yfdmskw5y5gvideo can't be loaded because javascript is disabled: empire machinery  - new & used sheet metal equipment and metal fabricating machinery (https://youtu.be/yfdmskw5y5g)latest resources
business, educationeverything you need to know about growing a metal roofing fabrication business.
business, education, tips & tricksspot welding vs. clinching: making the right choice for your shop
business, education, industrynavigating labour shortages issues in hvac and metal fab
business, education, industrya guide to business growth for metal fabrication shops
businessrick mclean’s retirement
businesslease to own equipment: is it right for your business?
discover more resourcestop selling equipmentmetal fabrication

deburring                                            




laser cutting tables                                            




press brakes                                            




shears                                            


sheet metal (hvac)

cnc folders                                            




plasma cutting tables                                            




rollformers                                            




rotary machines                                            




spotwelders                                            


additional services


parts



lease to own



equipment sales



servicing + maintenance
questions?talk to one of our reps—they can answer questions, offer support, and book a personalized tour of our facilities.
contact a sales repreceive monthly specials on equipment. sign up today!390 eagle drivecentreport, mb  r4b 0a71-800-665-8089sales@empire-machinery.com
























customer serviceservicing + maintenanceequipment saleslease to ownresourcesblogtutorialstestimonialscompanyaboutprivacy policyterms and conditions© 2025 empire machinery & tools ltd.. all rights reserved.   

