















tony roma's mms | world famous ribs and a whole lot more!





























































 












home
news feed
terms of use
contact us












home
news feed
terms of use
contact us
 









welcome to tony roma’s mms
make your dining experience heavenly by ordering some delectable food to satisfy your taste buds at the most reasonable prices!
 call now 





enlighten your taste buds


explore the various cuisines from around the world to tantalise
your palate and have a memorable food experience!





chicken grill & seafood
get a taste of the smokey flavours of chicken and get multiple seafood options to taste multiple meat options.
find more 


combo grill & steak grill
have juicy steaks grilled and served with blanched vegetables and mashed potatoes for the satisfaction of a full meal at the lowest possible cost.
view more 
world famous menu


check out our entire menu to find the best options for your hunger!










starters
begin your meal with some of the most delectable bite-sized appetisers to activate your tummy for the more delicious meal ahead.










sandwiches &
burgers
order our large and filling sandwiches and burgers loaded with meat and veggies to fill your stomach and satisfy your food cravings.










soups & salads
do you want to try some healthy food? we offer a variety of soups and salads so you can eat out while staying healthy.










desserts &
side dishes
tempt your sugar craving with our delectable sweet dishes, and order savoury side dishes to complement your meal for a flavour explosion in your mouth.


latest news & updates


 
top 5 dildos in 2022
september 28, 2022august 20, 2022
 

for some people, picking the ideal dildo might be a daunting process. you cannot stop yourself from thinking about the overwhelming picture of silicone penises when someone says dildo. still, many more options are available if you’ve ever visited a sex toys store and seen aisles and shelves of veiny dildos. not all dildos are penis-shaped. several of them are curved, while others are patterned with bumps and grooves exactly like a vibrator (without the vibrations). every dildo is different from the other and has different features.
we’ve got your back if you’re unfamiliar with the various dildo varieties and unsure what to consider while making a purchase. before you start buying, we will assist you in establishing the fundamentals.
here are the top 5 items we recommend for all of the newbies out there:

clone-a-willy silicone dildo blue glow in the dark
with this penis casting kit, you can simply and safely create a vibrating silicone duplicate of any penis in the comfort of your own home. the penis casting kit from clone-a-willy employs medically approved molding gel to capture incredibly lifelike detail, making it the most customized cock casting ever created. it’s enjoyable and straightforward to accomplish!


safety: the body-safe materials used in the clone-a-willy penis casting kit ensure astonishingly lifelike detail. the silicone used here is medical-grade platinum cure silicone which is free of any chemicals, the holy grail of sex toys in any luxury sex toys store, and the molding powder being used is not just any but high-grade alginate made from seaweed.
components: premium quality silicone, single-speed vibrator, algae-based molding powder, 1 piece molding tube (2.5 inches wide, 11 inches tall), simple instruction manual.
material: silicone.

 

icicles no. 57 double-sided textured glass dildo
this large glass dildo gets prettier as you look at it each day.  this exquisite range of glass massagers is elegant, upmarket, and hand-crafted with incredible attention to detail. this glass wand is stylish, one-of-a-kind, and designed for rough play. with this beautiful double-sided glass massager, you can have twice as much fun. the spherical head hits all the appropriate places, and each end has a tapered tip to facilitate insertion.


the hypoallergenic glassware is nonporous, safe for the body, and is made to last a lifetime. as the glass is nonporous, cleanup is simple. to heat the contents, run it under warm water or put it in the microwave. feel chilly, run it under cold water, or preferably put it in the freezer for a few hours.
components: single unit of a large glass dildo
material: non-porous glass

 

naughty bits ombre hombre vibrating dildo
this vibrating dildo is one of the soft dildos, a lifelike dong with 10 powerful vibrating modes that will make you sparkle inside and out. it has a shimmering glitter finish that makes it look the prettiest. the springy silicone base and realistic-feeling dong are ready for playtime. with the simple-touch control button, have fun navigating between 10 sumptuous vibrations, pulsation, and escalation features. make sure to capture your lover’s smile before and after using this due to its real-feel design and spectacular glitter finish.


safety: the most sensitive areas of your body will remain happy and healthy with this body-safe material’s lack of fragrance and phthalates. this dildo’s eye-catching colors and orgasmic characteristics make them stand out among all others.
components: one single unit of vibrating soft dildos
material: silicone

 

dillio strap on suspender harness set
this one is the ideal option for ladies searching for a fashionable double ended strap on harness gear that stays put when the game heats up! the sizeable handcrafted dildo that comes with this innovative harness set enhances it even further by providing all the stimulation. this gorgeous suspender system ensures that your strap-on dildo stays precisely where you want it to with heavy flexible nylon shoulder straps attached to a comfy double ended strap on harness! in this configuration, the soft dildos are held in place by a stretchable silicone o-ring, and four strategically placed support straps keep you looking great while being in action.


safety: the soft harness is entirely body safe, latex free against your skin, and makes it feel great, and the plush nylon shoulder, waist, and thigh straps are all easily adjustable to accommodate most sizes.
components: body-safe silicone dildo, strong nylon shoulder straps,
silicone-based stretchy o-ring to hold dildo, harness works with most suction cup dildos, 3 free silicone o-rings.
material: pvc

 

king cock strap-on harness
this is what you’ve been seeking if you want your debut double-ended strap-on to appear and feel authentic. the most lifelike experience ever imagined is provided to you by delicately handcrafting each vein, shaft, and head. when used without the harness, the large suction-cup base sticks to any smooth, flat surface for enjoyable wall-banging.
this has been designed so that the sturdy vinyl harness holds everything in place. the velcro straps keep the o-ring firmly in place, while the metal belt buckles guarantee that it won’t fall away during the excitement. with each wear, the form-fitting design becomes softer and more suited to your body’s curves.


safety: each of these large dildos is made in pipedream’s cutting-edge rubber manufacturing facility, which provides only premium quality products, and it is hypoallergenic, phthalate-free, and latex-free, which makes it completely body safe
components: 1 unit of dildo, heavy duty vinyl adjustable harness, 3 units of free silicone o-rings
material: pvc

 
finally, it is very advised that you use lubricant with your dildo.
with dildos from twice tonight, a proper lubricant is much more important than usual. according to experts, their texture has more friction than the skin, so pairing your dildo with your preferred lubrication will result in the smoothest, slickest sensation possible. use water-based lubrication instead of silicone lube while using a silicone toy. enjoy your dildo shopping!
 

 
best chicken recipes for a nice evening with family and friends
august 12, 2022august 16, 2022
 

 

chicken taco lasagna:
it is not difficult to prepare this mouthwatering mexican dish. to prepare this delicious meal, preheat the oven to 180 degrees celsius and line your baking dish with baking spray. in a large bowl, mix two packets of taco seasoning, half a cup of lemon juice, and four boneless chicken breasts. mix thoroughly to ensure that the chicken is covered with seasoning evenly. the chicken is then cooked for about 15 minutes until it is firm. care should be taken to cook the chicken over medium flame. add one cup of salsa and sour cream and half a cup of mozzarella cheese to another bowl. mix the ingredients evenly and season it with pepper and salt. now, take the baking dish you set aside earlier, and spread a few spoonfuls of sour cream mixture. layer lasagna noodles on top and then your chicken mixture. repeat this process. finish your layering with lasagna noodles, and then top it with the remaining mozzarella cheese. bake this in the preheated oven for about 30 minutes, until the cheese has melted and the noodles have become tender.

chicken cordon bleu:
chicken cordon bleu is yet another delicious meal you can easily prepare at home. before you start to prepare, set the oven for preheating at 180 degrees celsius and spray your baking dish with non-stick cooking spray. the classic way of preparing this dish involves pounding the chicken breasts until it forms into a thin layer that can be rolled. you will need four boneless chicken breast halves, which after pounding, are sprinkled with salt and pepper. lay a slice of ham and cheese on top of each piece. roll them up and secure them with a toothpick. it is recommended to place the cheese on top of the ham to prevent melted cheese from falling out. at this stage, you can either cover your chicken with a mixture of mayo and mustard or egg and flour in order for the breadcrumbs to stick well on the chicken. arrange your chicken on the baking dish and bake them for about 30 minutes until the breadcrumbs are golden. discard the toothpick and serve hot.

texas bbq chicken:
you will need eight boneless chicken breast halves to prepare this appetizing meal. first, preheat the oven to 180 degrees celsius. in a clean bowl, mix paprika, mustard, vinegar, ketchup, garlic, worcestershire sauce, chilly powder, pepper, brown sugar, and salt with water. the condiments can be prepared according to your taste bud; however, you should have enough to cover your chicken. cover your chicken with the sauce and arrange them in your baking dish. bake the chicken for about 35 minutes. take out your baking dish and gently shred the chicken with a fork, pour the rest of the sauce into the baking dish, and put it back into the oven for ten more minutes. you can serve this hot along with mashed potatoes or french fries.

 
chicken fried steak recipe and prepartion tips
august 6, 2022august 16, 2022
 

 

chicken fried steak is a classic american dish, quite popular in the southern parts of the united states like texas and oklahoma. chicken fried steak is believed to have originated from the german and austrian immigrants who settled in texas during the 19th century. the dish is quite similar to a native austrian recipe called wiener schnitzel. the dish uses cubed steak, a pretty cheap meat cut. it is not surprising considering the origins of chicken-fried steak. let’s take a look at how to make this delicious dish.
meat:
cube steak is an already tenderized version. however, for this dish, you can use any kind of steak. initially, pound the meat using a meat mallet or a hammer to prepare the dish. use a rolling pin or fork if these aren’t available at your home. pounded steak is easier to cook and will be a lot less chewy. sift flour into a large bowl and season it with salt and pepper for taste. mix this well and keep it aside. the meat is then immersed in the flour. care should be taken at this stage to press the floor in with your hands to keep them adhering to the meat. this is then immersed in the egg batter, then again covered in flour. set it aside for half an hour. place a pan under medium heat and shallow fry both sides of the meat in butter or lard. you can also use vegetable oil or your normal cooking oil to do this. you can set the meat aside in your oven at this stage to keep it warm while you prepare the gravy.

gravy:
chicken fried steak is traditionally served along with a creamy gravy. you can savor this delicious meal as a hamburger, with stuffed potatoes, or along with mashed potatoes and toast. to prepare the gravy, add a few tablespoons of flour into the remaining oil in which the meat was cooked earlier. heat under a low flame, and stir well until the mixture turns a warm color. slowly add in milk and cream to get a thick juicy gravy.
side dishes:
chicken fried steak is usually served with mashed potatoes and stewed tomatoes, cornbread, or salad. you can also enjoy a quick meal by placing the steak and gravy on a hamburger bun called chicken fried steak sandwich. to make mashed potatoes, first cook the potatoes in cold water, which ensures even cooking. set it aside, and then warm butter and cream. the cooked potatoes, butter, and cream are then mixed well with the help of a potato masher. it is better not to use a blender or food processor for this purpose, as the potatoes can get gooey. to relish this delicious meal in the traditional texas style, serve it with texas toast.




happy reviews


  



they have one of the best grill meat options, with the perfect smokey flavour and seasoning to enhance the flavours.

debbie j. robinson



tony roma’s mms is a great place to try new foods at a reasonable price. a must-visit getaway for foodies.

richard a. berry



i would highly recommend this place that is perfect for all ages with a beautiful ambience and a great variety of food options.

eileen j. trueblood




 subscribe to our newsletter! textget updated about all the upcoming deals we have by filling in the necessary details and getting notified about all the information right in your inbox!



 














quick navhome
news feed
terms of use
contact us














 
		copyright © 2022 tonyromas-mms.com | all rights reserved.      























