



jj woodcrafters | custom cabinetry indianapolis to lafayette –






















j&j woodcraftershome
why custom
cabinet styles
finishes
contact

 ✆ contact us

 crafting fine furniture and cabinetry since 1986
j&j woodcrafters designs, builds and installs custom kitchen and bath cabinets.  we service central indiana north through lafayette. 

we are a family owned and operated business creating unique and custom cabinetry out of our 6,000 sq foot shop in rural boone county.

our reputation has remained superior in our industry due to the uncommon attention to detail and personalized service that we give to every single one of our clients.

see our work ▸

j & j woodcrafters is a small family business that has been in business since 1986. my name is jon dieterlen. my son & i build cabinets in a large building at my home, which is located in boone county.
j & j woodcrafters designs and builds custom cabinets for the kitchen, bathroom, office, or any other room that has specialized cabinetry needs.
when you are thinking of a kitchen remodel, there are many things to consider. we are knowledgeable in all aspects of building, so we can help guide you in your decision making.
the customer will deal directly with me, the owner. i will come to measure the space, i will design, and build the cabinets to fit there. when you call, you will talk to me.
the customer needs to be able to trust the business they choose for their cabinet needs. there a lot of details that the customer is not aware of that will have to be addressed by the cabinetmaker. these details include: “how will this molding terminate so it will look right?” “how will these cabinets fit together so the door doesn’t interfere with the drawer” ….. and the list goes on. the customer need to trust that these issues will be addressed and properly resolved even without their interaction.
we will respect you, your home, and property through the design, demo and installation process.
we take great pride in building cabinets that fit your style, your home, and your budget.
quick links
home
why build custom?
cabinet styles
finishes
contact us

j&j woodcrafters
2416 north state road 75
thorntown, indiana 46071

email: jon@jjfinewood.com
phone: 765-436-2466
fax: 765-436-7266

copyright © 2025 j&j woodcrafters · all rights reserved.



