









home -













































 

 









skip to content




 






home
dojos

headquarters
japan dojos

okinawa dojos
mainland dojos


australia dojos
canada dojos
england dojos
germany dojos
india dojos
ireland dojos
netherlands dojo
new zealand dojos
norway dojos
south america dojos
spain dojos
united states dojos


wmka news
history

a short autobiography of grandmaster shoshin nagamine
about the name matsubayashi
grandmaster’s teachers
okinawa karate and world peace
address by osensei at world tournament


remembrance hall
resources

books
the kata of matsubayashi-ryu
the kobudo of matsubayashi-ryu


secure page
menu












o’sensei and soke nagamine 
irashai mase! 
いらっしゃいませ！ 
 welcome to the official website of the world matsubayashi-ryu (shorin-ryu) karate-do association (tm). the art of matsubayashi-ryu was founded in 1947 by o’sensei shoshin nagamine. the wmka was established by him to preserve and perpetuate the art. it has branches throughout the world. as his father’s successor, soke takayoshi nagamine dedicated himself to preserving his father’s teachings and the legacy of matsubayashi-ryu. after the loss of soke nagamine, the wmka board  elected yoshitaka taira, hanshi, 10th dan to serve as the current wmka president.





yoshitaka taira, hanshi, 10th dan wmka president 
 
wmka executive board (as of april, 2023) president: yoshitaka taira (hanshi 10th dan)
vice president: toshimitsu arakaki (hanshi 10th dan)
chairman of board: tetsuo makishi (renshi 6thdan)
secretary: bunshiro nagamine (3rd dan)
accountant: mayumi horikawa (renshi 6thdan)
overseas manager: daichi sakamoto (1st dan)
 

recent news postsnew year’s greetings from president tairadecember 27, 2024 visit the “news” page
for prior news postings on the wmka and all the latest news!





yasuharu makishi, hanshi 10th dan november 24, 1939- may 31,2013
in memory of former long time president of the wmka
mr. yasuharu makishi, hanshi 10th dan





 in memory of
soke takayoshi nagamine
10th dan hanshisei
august 12, 1945- april 25, 2012

 “i hope that you enjoy your stay here. the strength of our art is measured by the hard work, character and commitment of our members”.
soke takayoshi nagamine,10th dan hanshisei 
 









 “mazu sono kokoro wo tadase”
first purify your mind.
 





 “karate ni sente nashi”
there is no first attack in karate.






 click the button above for the process to become a new wmka member.



wmka overseas contact:
foreign contact (english):
mr. daichi sakamoto (overseas manager)
world matsubayashi-ryu karate-do association headquarters (p.o.c.)
e-mail address:  okinawa.wmka@gmail.com
for technical assistance or problems with this website please contact:
matsubayashi.help@gmail.com

 








matsubayashi-ryu.com, ©wmka, 2018 
a siteorigin theme









