your theater:please select a locationshowtimesimmersivexmenugift cardseventspartieslocationscontact usnow playing  |  advance tickets  |  newsletterage policies:
for all shows starting after 6pm: an adult age 21+ is required to accompany and remain in the feature with any guests age 17 and under. please be prepared to show proof of age. 
for all r-rated films: children age 5 and under are not permitted into any r-rated films at any showtime. an adult age 21+ is required to accompany and remain in the feature with any guests age 17 and under.now playingat:please select a locationsat15sun16mon17tue18wed19thu20fri21sat22sun23mon24tue25wed26thu27fri28age & attendance policiesall cinema cafe locations have reserved seating. because refunds may only be issued on-site before the movie starts, we encourage you to double check location, date & showtime before finalizing online ticket purchases.general age policies
for all shows starting after 6pm: an adult age 21+ is required to accompany and remain in the feature with any guests age 17 and under. please be prepared to show proof of age. 
for all r-rated films: children age 5 and under are not permitted into any r-rated films at any showtime. an adult age 21+ is required to accompany and remain in the feature with any guests age 17 and under.
additionally, we follow mpa guidelines for age restrictions by rating.more frequently asked questions >mpa guidelinescoming soonplease select a locationsee more movies >sign up for the cinema cafe newsletterbe the first to hear about upcoming movies, ticket pre-sales, special events like little date nights & sensory friendly shows, plus the coupons and special offers! sign up below.email *list *cinema cafe - chestercinema cafe - edinburghcinema cafe - greenbriercinema cafe - kemps rivercinema cafe - pembroke meadowssubscribethis site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.more than a movieexplore our menuwe believe that cinema cafe site should be accessible to all people and comply with the requirements of the web content accessibility guidelines.embracing these standards is an ongoing effort. we are committed to improve our site to meet the wcag 2.0 aa guidelines. if you have questions about its compliance or need help with its processes, please contact us.formsapply for a jobcontact usparty request formdonation request formweekly newsletter sign-upadvertise on-screenabout ustheater locationswhat is immersivex?frequently asked questionssee moviesguide to movie ratingspress roomin the communitylegaltermsdmcaaccessibility © 2025 cinema cafe

