



  



air conditioner repair, heater installation, air conditioning installation & hvac installation | lakeland, fl, auburndale, fl, plant city, fl, mulberry, fl, bartow, fl & winter haven, fl; | payne a/c & heating























































contact us today!

863-686-6163




 menu
			

 call now








home
about 

specials
gallery
ira faq
service areas


air conditioning 

air conditioning repair
air conditioning service
air conditioning installation
heat pumps
ductless mini splits
payne protection program


heating 

heating repair
heating service
heating installation
heat pumps
ductless mini splits
payne protection program


commercial 

commercial installation
commercial service
commercial repair
new commercial construction
payne protection program


indoor air quality
financing
contact











 
 
 






payne air conditioning & heating inc.
proudly serving central florida since 1936
ask us about how to qualify for a $2,000 tax credit for a heat pump- learn more


schedule now


36-months 0% financing available* - see details












a/c repair

call on the experts who uphold a long-standing tradition of honesty, integrity, and dedicated work ethic.





a/c service

with attention to detail, we effectively trim cost of operation and ownership while saving you time and aggravation. 





commercial hvac

we are well versed in all makes, models, and types of commercial heating, cooling, and air quality systems.





contact us

contact the professional at payne air conditioning & heating inc.. we're standing by to help!








heater installation, air conditioning installation, air conditioner repair, furnace replacement & ac repairlakeland, fl, auburndale, fl, plant city, fl, mulberry, fl, bartow, fl & winter haven, fl; 
over the last 89 years, payne air conditioning & heating inc. has continued to build on a reputation for honesty, integrity, and dedicated work ethic.  combining residential and commercial heating, cooling, and air quality services, we provide a trustworthy and affordable solution to any challenge.  contact payne air conditioning & heating inc. at 863-686-6163 for new installation, retrofit, seasonal maintenance, and repair of hvac equipment in lakeland, fl and surrounding areas, and let us exceed your expectations.  we maintain an a+ complaint-free rating with the better business bureau through unwavering commitment to quality. constantly exceeding expectations, payne air conditioning & heating inc. is a well-established tradition.
ac contractor lakeland, fl | furnace replacement auburndale, fl | hvac contractor plant city, fl









36-months 0% financing
*on approved credit 

view financing options

or give us a call 863-686-6163







heating & a/c services from an expert team


as a carrier factory authorized dealer, the team from payne air conditioning & heating inc. is nate-certified, factory educated, and participates in ongoing training updates. we remain current with evolving technology, ensuring the optimum performance of your essential equipment and offering the innovative features that deliver convenience, comfort, and cost-savings. all new system installations come with a 100% satisfaction guarantee when installed by a carrier factory authorized dealer.
give our team a call for all your hvac repairs, maintenance & installations throughout lakeland, fl and surrounding areas!

payne air conditioning & heating inc. has the staffed experts you need to fix all of your hvac concerns. with free estimates on installation and same day service available for many repairs, you can trust payne air conditioning & heating inc. for all of your heating and cooling needs in lakeland, auburndale, plant city, mulberry, bartow, winter haven & haines city, fl and more!’








"patrick was a joy to work with.  he was friendly, courteous and professional.  i was very pleased with his knowledge and will not hesitate to recommend payne air conditioning in the future."
patricia f


"rusty arrived on time, was friendly, and knew what needed to be done immediately. he even gave me a couple of maintenance pointers. i only call payne for my ac needs."
kerri k


"we just had them install a brand new 5 ton a/c unit. they had a ton of work to do and they completed the job before i was promised. thank you for the great job and keeping my house so cool."
mark b






previous



next










we're there when you need us
863-686-6163












 
hvac company ∴ furnace company ∴ ac company ∴ hvac contractor ∴ ac contractor ∴ bartow, fl ∴ plant city, fl ∴ lakeland, fl 



payne air conditioning & heating inc.




september 26, 2017
2025/02/13












































 863-686-6163
1048 e oleander st lakeland, fl, 33801-2012
 license #cac1817108


payne air conditioning & heating inc.

1048 e oleander st
lakeland,
				 fl
33801-2012

863-686-6163
license #cac1817108 863-686-6163















contact us today!





name*


first



last

phone*email*

message
 





















  	© 2025 payne a/c & heating  	designed by mta360

hvac contractorhvac companyac contractorac companyfurnace companyauburndale, flplant city, flwinter haven, fl;lakeland, flmulberry, flbartow, fl



                services & areas served
              










































