


merrill lynch | home






































skip to main content




sign in to your account

merrill+
merrill rewards for business






contact us











merrill lynch rewards
























merrill+® visa signature® card
we provide credit cards to help you manage your spending, meet liquidity needs and help you reach financial goals. the merrill+® visa signature® 
        credit card is designed for clients that want a premier credit card with specialized servicing, robust benefits and rich and flexible rewards.
learn more  about merrill+® visa signature® credit card options




merrill rewards for business™ visa signature® card
a small business credit card is a great solution for business owners looking to manage cash flow, organize expenses and reconcile all employee spending. the merrill 
        rewards for business™ visa signature® credit card is designed for clients that own a small business that are looking to manage their business expenses 
        while still receiving  premium servicing and rewards.
learn more  about merrill rewards for business™ visa signature® credit card options













this credit card program is issued and administered by bank of america, n.a.

visa and visa signature are registered trademarks of visa international service association and are used by the
		issuer pursuant to license from visa u.s.a. inc.
anytime, anywhere is a trademark and merrill+, merrill lynch wealth management, merrill lynch cash management
		account, cma, the bull symbol, beyond rewards and bank of america are registered trademarks of bank of america
		corporation.


all other company, product and service names may be trademarks or service marks of others and their use does not
		imply endorsement of this program.

merrill lynch makes available products and services offered by merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith
		incorporated,
		a registered broker-dealer and member sipc, and other subsidiaries of bank of america corporation.

banking products are provided by bank of america, n.a. and affiliated banks, members fdic and wholly owned
		subsidiaries of bank of america corporation.
investment products:

are not fdic insured
are not bank guaranteed
may lose value



home
privacy & security
  
	legal information
trademark
		notices


	bank of america and the bank of america logo are registered trademarks of the bank of america corporation.
	bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal
		housing lender 

	© 2025 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.







site temporarily unavailable

				we are currently updating our systems to bring enhanced features to the online rewards experience. as a
				result, this website is temporarily unavailable. rewards redemption will not be accessible until late
				afternoon on april 30. thank you for your patience.
			



open up to a world of possibilities with the merrill+® visa signature®
				credit card.



luxury travel experiences

shop anywhere with the card's smart chip technology, allowing greater acceptance by
							merchants worldwide
exclusive travel upgrades, discounts and complimentary amenities
spend $50,000 or more annually to achieve plus level status, which gives you access to
							exclusive benefits,
							including a $200 travel credit
ease the hassles of unexpected travel changes with trip delay and trip cancellation
							insurance
know you're protected with emergency evacuation insurance, auto rental collision damage
							waiver,
							lost luggage reimbursement and travel accident insurance

remarkable rewards

earn 1 point for every dollar you spend on purchases – there's no limit to the number
							of points you can earn and points don't expire
enjoy air travel rewards that start at just 25,000 points (up to $500) with no blackout
							dates or required saturday-night stays
or choose gift cards or cash back





personalized service

merrill lynch travel advisors and concierge are available 24 hours a day, 7
							days a week
access your account information any time at mymerrill.com
							or bankofamerica.com

leading security

rest assured knowing you will not be held liable for fraudulent purchases with $0 liability
							guarantee
with early fraud monitoring, you will be alerted of any suspicious activity on your account
						





* certain exclusions, restrictions and limitations apply. details accompany new account materials





rewards for you. benefits for your business. the merrill rewards for business™ visa
				signature® credit card.



flexible rewards

earn 1 point for every dollar you, or your authorized employees, spend on purchases with the
							card
redeem points for 1.5% cash back directly into an eligible account
or redeem for gift cards or travel rewards

manage your business

set up unlimited employee cards, each with an individualized credit line
access monthly cardholder-level reporting through online banking, available 24/7 through
							bankofamerica.com





personalized service

you can plan business travel with ease through merrill lynch travel advisors. also,
							the concierge is available to help with your everyday needs. leaving you more time
							to work on your business
customer service representatives are available 24/7 to help with all your account questions
						

protect your assets

chip technology for added security and greater acceptance at chip-enabled merchant terminals
							worldwide
know that your protected by our zero liability protection, meaning you will not be held
							liable
							for fraudulent purchases made on your card
terminated employee misuse protection guards your business against losses incurred through
							card
							misuse by a terminated employee
you'll also enjoy leading travel protection including travel and emergency assistance, auto
							rental
							collision damage waiver, and lost luggage reimbursement





* certain exclusions, restrictions and limitations apply. details accompany new account materials





you are leaving the merrill lynch website.
you're continuing to another website that bank of america doesn't own or operate.
				its owner is solely responsible for the website's content, offerings and level of security, so please
				refer to the website's posted privacy policy and terms of use. it's possible that the information
				provided in the website is available only in english.




									continue
								





									cancel
								





important notice from merrill lynch
you're continuing to a page that could be in english.
it's possible that the content, applications and other documents related with
				specific products and services on that page may only be available in english. before choosing a product
				or service, please make sure you have read and understood all terms and conditions provided.




									continue
								





									cancel
								






you're continuing to another website.

				you're continuing to another website that bank of america doesn't own or operate. its owner is solely
				responsible for the website's content, offerings and level of security, so please refer to the website's
				posted privacy policy and terms of use. it's possible that the information provided in the website is
				available only in english.
			




									continue
								





									cancel
								






























