








muslims against terrorism (mat)



















muslims against terrorism 
  (m-a-t)
first anti-terrorism ngo in the world for global peace and
  justice
(founded
  in calgary on january 11, 1998)




mission statement
to be the
  leading muslim organization in the world for creating awareness about the
  dangers of terrorism and it's various causes such as oppression, exploitation
  and injustice, and unite people to stop terrorism.
to
  become a member please send email to m-a-t.org




first ever charter of human rights & freedom
ask any questions about islam seminars
checklist for converts / reverts to islam
interfaith dialogue 
islam 101 presentation
what is islam and who are muslims?
poem-islam101
backlash
some messages
media relations
articles 
do you know this man?  
faith
  leaders on multifaith walk against violence

changing
  minds – one at a time 
iscc home
  page
contact
press release
date: april 19, 2013
 
for immediate release
 
mat and iscc strongly condemn the boston marathon attacks
 
the islamic supreme council of canada (http://www.iscc.ca/) and the muslims against
  terrorism (http://www.m-a-t.org/) strongly
  condemn today’s terrorism during the boston marathon. those who committed
  these heinous crimes must be punished to the full extent of the law. “our
  hearts go out to the victims of this tragedy.  the canadian muslim
  community stands shoulder to shoulder with the american brothers and sisters
  at this difficult time.”, said imam syed soharwardy,
  the founder of islamic supreme council of canada and the muslims against
  terrorism. 
the members and the executive councils of the islamic
  supreme council of canada and the muslims against terrorism offer deep
  condolences to the families of the victims. we are all united to fight
  terrorism and extremism.  the unity among peace loving people of all
  faiths will be the most important weapon against the terrorists and the
  extremists.  we will never let the terrorists succeed.
 
please contact imam syed soharwardy at 416-994-5467 or
  403-831-6330 or toll free 1-866-77-islam.
thanks


mat
  objectives
1.      to work with
  the western media in providing muslim perspectives on issues related to
  terrorism. 
2.      to establish
  and strengthen the working relationships with the non-muslim communities
  especially christian community, and help them in understanding the issues and
  problems of muslim community. 
3.      to work with
  other muslim organizations in order to stop terrorism. 
4.      to provide
  assistance to the victims of terrorism. 


5.     
  to help young muslims in social, economical
  and educational matters.


date: january 8, 2010
 
iscc affiliated imams issue important fatwa
attack on canada and the united
  states is attack on muslims
over 10 million muslims live in north america
 
calgary)  twenty imams affiliated with the islamic
  supreme council of canada have issued a fatwa today declaring the attacks on canada and the united
   states by any extremist will be the attack on 10
  million muslims living in north america.
  this is the first fatwa by the muslim clergy declaring attacks on canada and the united states as attack on
  muslims. following is the text of the fatwa.
 
fatwa (religious edict)
in the name of
  allah, the most beneficent, the most merciful
 
we,
  the undersigned imams, are issuing the following fatwa in order to guide the
  muslims of north america regarding the attacks on canada
  and the united states
  by the terrorists and the extremists. in our view, these attacks are evil and
  islam requires from muslims to stand up against this evil. in the holy qur’an
  almighty allah orders muslims,
"let there among you be a group that summon to all
  that is beneficial commands what is proper and forbids what is improper; they
  are the ones who will prosper." (3:104)
"believing men and believing
  women are protecting friends of one another; they enjoin what is right and
  forbid what is wrong; they perform salat and give
  zakat..." (9:71)
"those who, if we establish them in the land (with
  authority), establish regular prayers and practice regular charity and enjoin
  the right and forbid the wrong..." (22:41)
our beloved prophet muhammad (peace be upon him) said
  in a hadith;
"when people see a wrong-doer and do nothing to
  stop him, they may well be visited by god with a punishment."
therefore, it is an obligation upon us (imams) to
  inform all muslims around the world that muslims in canada and the united states have complete freedom
  to practice islam.  there is no single
  city in canada and the united states
  where masajids (mosques) are not built. 
  in all major cities islamic schools provide education to muslim
  children about qur’an and the islamic traditions.  thousands of muslims perform hajj every
  year and travel to saudi
    arabia with complete freedom and
  respect.  in the month of ramadan, both
  canadian and the united
    states governments recognize the occasion
  and greet all muslim citizens.  muslims
  pray five daily prayers in mosques without any fear or restrictions. muslims
  have complete freedom to pay zakat (poor due) to the charity or a person of
  their choice.  muslims have complete
  freedom to celebrate their festivals openly, publicly and islamically.  muslims enjoy freedom of religion just like
  christians, jews and others.  no one
  stops us from obeying allah and his messenger (peace be upon him). no one
  stops us from preaching islam and practicing islam. in many cases, muslims
  have more freedom to practice islam here in canada
  and the united states
  than many muslim countries. 
in fact, the constitutions of the united states and canada are very close to the
  islamic guiding principles of human rights and freedom. there is no conflict
  between the islamic values of freedom and justice and the canadian /us values
  of freedom and justice.
therefore,
  any attack on canada and
  the united states
  is an attack on the freedom of canadian and american muslims.  any attack on canada
  and the united states is
  an attack on thousands of mosques across north america.
  it is a duty of every canadian and american muslim to safeguard canada and the usa. they must expose any person,
  muslim or non-muslim, who would cause harm to fellow canadians or americans.
  we, canadian and american muslims, must condemn and stand up against these
  attacks on canada and the united states.
  
 
may
  allah save canada, the united states
  and the entire world from the evil of wrong doers. ameen.
 
signed
  by:

prof. imam
       syed b. soharwardy - calgary 
allama imam ghalib hussain akber chishty
       - calgary 
allama imam
       syed mukhtar shah naeemi – houston, usa

allama imam
       muhammad nasir qadri – montreal 
allama imam
       abdul latif no’mani – vancouver 
……………………………….

more than 38
       signatories

mat founder
  walks across canada for peace

multi faith walk against violence on youtube
contact email: info@m-a-t.org


the original and the first environmental agency on earth
15 important questions
letters to dignitaries
free courses on islam 
islam 101 on tv
calgarians pulling
  together
newspaper stories
prayers for 9/11
absolutely horrible and completely un-islamic
opinions
historic interfaith dialogue and cooperation conference 
feedback on interfaith dialogues 
u of a ohio feedback
steve paikin tvo interview
who is syed soharwardy?
 
 
press release
 
date: april 22, 2013
 
for immediate release
 
mat and iscc strongly condemn the alleged plot of
  terrorism in canada
 
the islamic supreme council of canada (http://www.iscc.ca/) and the muslims against
  terrorism (http://www.m-a-t.org/)
  strongly condemn the alleged plot of terrorism in canada. based upon the
  media reports today two persons have been arrested by the police for
  allegedly planning to attack via rail in the gta. 
 
“we are grateful to those muslims who helped the law
  enforcement agencies for exposing such a plot. this was their islamic and the
  canadian duty. it was the right thing to do”, said imam syed soharwardy.
 
we are glad that the terrorism was caught and stopped by
  our law enforcement agencies. we are thankful for their hard work and keeping
  canada safe. we also urge the media not to use this incident to badmouth
  about the canadian muslims and our faith islam.  these suspects will be
  facing justice and if they are proven guilty of their crimes they will be
  punished. 
 
for questions, please contact imam syed soharwardy at
  416-994-5467 or 403-831-6330 or toll free 1-866-77-islam.
 
thanks
 




 
 



