



independent jewelers organization - ijo



















































skip to main contentskip to navigationskip to footer



























directoryretailersvendorsconsumerswhy ijonews & eventscontactconferencesprivacy policyterms of service













1-800-624-9252















close







members logintoggle members login menutoggle  menu









directoryretailersvendorsconsumerswhy ijonews & eventscontactconferencesprivacy policyterms of service




























the ijo conference incolorado springs















			
			your browser does not support the video tag.
		



brillianceyou deservewatch video

















the ijo memberadvantage



as a master ijo jeweler, members receive benefits such as expert training, allowing them to update their knowledge, skills and experience to help the consumer make a confident jewelry purchase.group purchasing power allows master ijo jewelers to pass significant savings on to their customers while maintaining the highest quality products they have come to know. and the fact that ijo jewelers are active members of their communities means that they strive to offer an unsurpassed level of service.master ijo jeweler retail member stores receive benefits such as expert training, allowing them to update their knowledge, skills and experience to help the consumer make a confident jewelry purchase.
for retailersfor vendors
















			
			your browser does not support the video tag.
		



retailers benefits of membership
+

our mission is to improve the profitability of our members
membership












			
			your browser does not support the video tag.
		



vendors vendor membership
+

are you a vendor interested in membership?
requirements












			
			your browser does not support the video tag.
		



consumers about master ijo jewelers
+

discover what it means to connect with a master ijo jeweler
discover ijo














why ijo independent jewelers
+

gain experience from hundreds of independent jewelers
learn more

















antwerp diamondbuying tripsour members, elite independent jewelry retailers are welcomed in antwerp and buy direct from some of the largest diamond firms in the world.learn more


















view our retail membertestimonials






we love what we do and we are proud to have received so many testimonials.  don't take our word for it. hear what our customers have said.
view all reviews




















our instagram#weareijo



















apply for membershipretailers, if after attending your first ijo conference you are not completely satisfied, or decide that ijo is not for you, your membership dues will be refunded immediately.retailersvendors












directory


retailers


vendors







consumers


why ijo


news & events











								136 old post road, 
								southport, ct 06890
								
contact ijo
								or call us at:
							
1-800-624-9252
























© 2025 independent jewelers organization. all rights reserved. website designed, maintained, and hosted by punchmark. accessibility statement.












































































