









college of agriculture & natural resources | university of delaware






































skip to site content

























































 quick links 




                                        myud
                                    



                                        maps
                                    



                                        people directory
                                    



                                        email
                                    



                                        careers
                                    



                                        library
                                    



                                        a-z index
                                    



                                        news
                                    



                                        events
                                    



                                        safety at ud
                                    





















close













                    
                        agriculture & natural resources
                    
                    
                






























                        quick links 





                                            myud
                                        



                                            maps
                                        



                                            people directory
                                        



                                            email
                                        



                                            careers
                                        



                                            library
                                        



                                            a-z index
                                        



                                            news
                                        



                                            events
                                        



                                            safety at ud
                                        







about usour campusour historyour peoplediversity, equity and inclusionsustainability initiativesag dayudairy creameryprospective studentsundergraduate programsgraduate programscertificate programscurrent studentsundergraduate studentsgraduate studentsaccelerated degree (4+1)academic departmentsanimal & food sciencesapplied economics & statisticsentomology & wildlife ecologyplant & soil sciencesresearch & innovationresearch focus areasresearch symposiumresearch facilitiescooperative extensionhealth & well-beingagricultural programs4-hhorticulturecarvel centerthurman adams jr farmwarrington farmjones hamilton housecurrent researchlasher laboratoryalumni & friendsalumnigive


ud home academicscollegescollege of agriculture & natural resources























research at work
delaware ag week highlights ud's impact statewide


read more







raw milk and bird flu
kali kniel offers insight into the health risks of raw milk


read on udaily







vet school success
ud students admitted at twice the national average


why ud pre-vet?







once and always an ag ambassador
upholding a tradition of community support


read the story on udaily







experimental economics
students reflect on center for experimental and applied economics research experience


read the feature

































































feed the world. protect the planet.

the college of agriculture and natural resources fulfills the tripartite mission of land-grant institutions – teaching, research and extension.
from wildlife conservation to crop genomics, veterinary medicine to behavioral economics, we explore every facet of our natural world. join us as we search for solutions to life's grandest challenges.










			
			undergraduate programs
			
				>
			
		








			
			graduate programs
			
				>
			
		





















the future of research
explore worrilow hall, our redesigned research hub and one of the most modern, state-of-the-art learning facilities at the university of delaware.
learn more about worrilow hall







recent news












sustainable waste
february 13, 2025 | written by: nya wynn
food science and chemical engineering double major gensure is exploring how yeast cells take excess carbon and store it as oils. he is aiming to find ways to reduce costs by using agricultural waste to fuel yeast cells. gensure is also investigating how he can control  what kinds of oils the cells can create. 


plant pathology students organize ud’s first carroll symposium
february 11, 2025 | written by molly schafer
graduate students lauren irwin, shiv singla and adelaide mullin planned and organized the university of delaware’s first carroll symposium. the student-led event was possible thanks to a generous donation made in honor of ud’s bob carroll, emeritus professor. the event, which included a research presentation competition, also served as a reunion for ud’s bob carroll and the plant pathology community.


ud’s jeff buler and alumnus matt hardy team up on startup company to combat bird flu
february 10, 2025 | written by katie peikes | photo submitted by matt hardy
university of delaware’s jeff buler and ud alum are part of a startup company called agrinerds that has been selected to pitch its technology at an upcoming startup pitch event in austin. agrinerds uses its technology, the waterfowl alert network to track where waterfowl are stopping so they can alert poultry farms in the vicinity of a heightened risk to bird flu.


ud agriculture and natural resources students are sought-after talents for a national agricultural powerhouse
february 04, 2025 | written by michele walfred
helena agri-enterprises, a national agricultural company has placed the university of delaware on their radar as a mecca for motivated and talented students. the recent success rate of ud student interns who move into full-time employment has cemented ud as the go to place to recruit students into careers in the field of agriculture.


deb jaisi’s phosphorus research earns national award from the soil science society of america
january 31, 2025 | written by dante lapenta
deb jaisi has received the 2024 jackson soil chemistry and mineralogy award from the soil science society of america, which honors advanced soil chemistry and minerals research. in the environmental biogeochemistry lab, jaisi investigates phosphorus, a critical element for plant fertilizers and a notoriously scarce nutrient.




read more news >>











upcoming events


















			
			explore our programs
			
				>
			
		








			
			make a gift
			
				>
			
		














extending education to the public

















college of agriculture & natural resources | university of delaware
































udairy creamery


creating unique ice cream flavors and an array of cheeses, students receive a hands-on education in food science, production, dairy science, business management, entrepreneurship and sustainable agriculture.


learn more

















college of agriculture & natural resources | university of delaware
































university of delaware botanic gardens



as a research center, a laboratory, and a classroom, the gardens contribute to an understanding of the changing relationships between plants and people through education, extension, research, and community support.


learn more >



















land-grant institution
in 1869, the university of delaware (ud) college of agriculture and natural resources was established as the state’s land-grant university with a mission consisting of three elements: teaching, research and “extension”. cooperative extension fulfills the third part of this mission: bringing knowledge to the people of delaware. today, we offer university knowledge, research and resources — just for you!
learn more about cooperative extension













college graduates with expertise in food, agriculture, renewable natural resources and the environment are essential to our ability to address the u.s. priorities of food security, sustainable energy and environmental quality.
- u.s. dept. of agriculture












 featured video







uniquely ud
the ud college of agriculture and natural resources newark farm is a testament to the college's more than 150 years of innovation and education. covering 350 acres on the main campus, it's a hands-on learning hub for students and faculty, exploring animals, crops, wetlands, and greenhouses. tradition meets research, shaping leaders in agriculture and beyond. since delaware became a land-grant university, the farm has focused on hands-on learning. its impact extends beyond campus, supporting farmers, researchers, and policymakers statewide. through programs like cooperative extension, we turn knowledge into action for a stronger economy, environment, and community.
explore our campus











uniquely ud: college of agriculture and natural resources newark farm: youtube.com/watch?v=gg7yz7mznhk



















diversity, equity, inclusion



canr's commitment
the college of agriculture and natural resources (canr) is committed to promoting an inclusive and supportive environment for all faculty, staff and students. learn more about these efforts.
 
ud's commitment to an equitable and inclusive environment
the university of delaware does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, marital status, disability, religion, age, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law in its employment, educational programs and activities, admissions policies, and scholarship and loan programs as required by title ix of the educational amendments of 1972, the americans with disabilities act of 1990, section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, title vii of the civil rights act of 1964, and other applicable statutes and university policies. the university of delaware also prohibits unlawful harassment including sexual harassment and sexual violence.






			
			office of equity & inclusion
			
				>
			
		

































 @udcanr on instagram 























the university of delaware is an equal opportunity institution and provider. visit ud’s office of equity & inclusion to learn more.
















                            college of agriculture & natural resources
                        






                                    about us
                                



                                    prospective students
                                



                                    current students
                                



                                    academic departments
                                



                                    research & innovation
                                



                                    cooperative extension
                                



                                    carvel center
                                



                                    alumni & friends
                                









                            additional links
                        





                                        faculty & staff resources
                                    








 531 south college avenue
newark, de 19716 
  (302) 831-2501 
 

















top












explore ud in photos







undergraduate major finder







graduate program finder





 ud home





explore



										about us
									



										athletics
									



										udaily
									



										virtual tour
									



										employment
									




academics



										undergraduate admissions
									



										graduate admissions
									



										colleges
									



										library
									



										research
									




services



										accessibility notice
									



										people directory 
									



										my ud
									



										campus safety 
									



										a to z index
									





connect

contact us
university of delaware newark, de 19716 usa   
p:   302-831-2792









































































			©2025 university of delaware
		


						comments
					



						legal notices
					



						accessibility 
					
















