





von thun farms | new jersey family farms







































≡ menu
south brunswick
washington
sunflower trail
contact us
farm policies








welcome to





welcome to von thun farms
south brunswick location:519 ridge road, monmouth junction, nj 08852 

washington location: 438 route 57 west, washington, nj 07882




our new jersey farms date back to 1913, and today, our homegrown, fresh jersey fruits and vegetables are sold both wholesale and retail through our farm markets and farmers markets throughout the state. we have two locations in new jersey – south brunswick and washington – and we offer everything from flower and berry picking to csas to corn mazes and more! we also host school tours and hold a number of family fun days throughout the year, so sign up to get all the updates on our farm news and giveaways. come visit us to experience our family farms and get some jersey produce!





























what’s going on this winter at our farms?
memberships to our 2025 csa program are now available and prices are the lowest you’ll see all season! sign up by january 20th to save big!
2025 season passes are on sale now and can be purchased to enjoy both our farm locations all season long!
have a horse lover in your life? we offer western riding lesson and scout programs at our barn as well as our pony pals club!










von thun’s – south brunswick
we offer u-pick strawberries, blueberries, blackberries, apples and pumpkins and grow a variety of jersey fresh produce available in our on-site farm market and at community markets. we also host special events at our new jersey farms like our strawberry festival and fall festival weekends. go to our south brunswick nj location for all the details.










von thun’s – washington
vonthun farms is home to the new jersey sunflower trail. we also offer u-pick strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, peaches, apples and pumpkins and host lots of special events. feel free to just stop by to stock up on homegrown jersey fresh produce in our farm market. go to our washington nj location for all the details.





13 reasons to join a csa
eat fresh. eat healthy. eat local.
unique christmas gifts you’ll love
best prices of the season!
season passes & family fun
fun for the whole family!





about our new jersey farms
five generations of von thuns, along with a hard working staff, have worked many long hours to bring you healthy and delicious jersey fresh fruits and vegetables since 1913.
over the years, the farm has become more diversified with greenhouses and u-pick berry and flower crops so families could come experience our farms and take home some delicious, fresh produce. today our fields of farm fresh produce are joined by two apple orchards and acres and acres of pumpkins. we also have engaging community activities with our csa program, hayrides, an interactive corn maze, and fall family weekends.
von thun’s is one of the few remaining family operated new jersey farms, and we love being able to offer affordable experiences to make memories together as a family. we hope you’ll come out and visit us this season!








learn more about us
 










about us
farm blog
farm policies
employment
tips for visiting
donation requests





			519 ridge roadmonmouth junction, nj 08852732.329.8656
		





		© 2009- by vonthun farms / all rights reserved worldwidemember of the maize / web developer: studiosr, llc















