











cairp | leading advocate for insolvency professionals in canada | 































canadian association of insolvency and restructuring professionals
















in financial distress?





solutions for individuals
with so many debt relief methods to choose from, it can be hard to know which one is right for you. learn about the various debt relief options and how they can apply to you.
learn more





solutions for businesses
whether you’re a small business, self-employed or a large corporation, we’ve provided an overview of the different debt management options to ensure the viability of your business.
learn more




how a cirp-designated licensed insolvency trustee can help you
find a cirp lit
find a member firm
protecting the public interest






become an insolvency professional



become a chartered insolvency and restructuring professional (cirp)


become an insolvency counsellor


become an insolvency administrator


learn about the insolvency industry





professional development



mandatory professional development
forums
toronto exchange

insolvency administrator associate pd


annual review of insolvency law (aril)
webinar program







membership



membership benefits
insolvency administrator associate benefits
membership categories


job board
how to apply
protecting the public interest


member firm directory
member login





industry views & news



blogs
media releases


rebuilding success digital magazine
rebuilding success magazine features





about



what we do
our mission, vision & values
diversity & inclusion


our network
governance


annual reports
get involved


cairp awards
helpful resources






find a cirp lit
find a member firm
protecting the public


english | français







































(you must have javascript enabled to view login.)

















rebuilding success
cairp is canada’s preeminent association for the education, standards and advocacy of insolvency and restructuring professionals.
learn more about us



















advancing the interests of our members and the public
cairp is dedicated to building a fair, transparent and effective insolvency and restructuring system in canada.






























providing a roadmap to navigating financial difficulties
speak to a licensed, federally regulated insolvency professional to discover the range of debt relief options available to you.
learn more









building careers in insolvency and restructuring
develop the knowledge, skills and experience to make a positive impact on consumers and businesses who experience financial challenges.
learn more

















maintaining professional development standards
stay up to date with the latest developments in the field to enhance your professional credibility, competency and growth.
learn more








blogs



featured blog





featured post
debt relief options: choosing the right solution for your situation
november 27, 2024
when financial struggles begin to impact daily life, it’s natural to look for ways to regain control and start fresh. debt relief solutions in canada offer multiple ways to address various financial...
read more



archives

rss






blogs


welcome to the official blog of the canadian association of insolvency and restructuring professionals! we hope you will enjoy insightful and informative posts by our team of expert bloggers on a wide range of topics, including individual, small business and corporate insolvencies, budgeting, financial planning, credit rebuilding and other money management tips for anyone looking to live a debt free life.











breaking up with bad money habits: a love letter to your future self

mary ann marriott, cirp, lit
february 14, 2025
as we leave january behind and approach valentines day and family day, i thought it might be nice to focus on one of the most important relationships in our life - the relationship with money. this blog...


learn more









lit facts vs. myths

brandon smith, cirp, lit
january 23, 2025
as a licensed insolvency trustee (lit), a significant part of my initial consultation time with consumer debtors involves dispelling a number of myths, so i thought it might be a good idea to set the record...


learn more









budgeting for your holiday vacation: tips to save without sacrificing fun

kaitlin verge, cirp, lit 
december 16, 2024
the holiday season is the perfect time for a getaway. whether you're imagining relaxing on a sunny beach, exploring a new city, or enjoying cozy winter activities, the idea of taking a vacation can be...


learn more





rss



view all blogs







upcoming pd opportunities




 





cairp 2025 forums



 
more information coming soon!
 


 





insolvency administrator associate pd webinar series



the iaa webinar program is an easy and convenient way to earn mandatory professional development credits by watching webinars designed specifically for iaas.
cairp has made all webinars available for on-demand viewing since the iaa program launched in 2022. 
please sign up here.
 


 





2025 aril conference



the aril society is pleased to announce that the 22nd annual review of insolvency law conference will take place on friday, february 7, 2025 in montréal, québec.
please click here for more information. 
 




rss




view all professional development opportunities






























privacy policy
terms of use
contacts



copyright cairp 2025
powered by exware association management










