


algebra homework help, algebra solvers, free math tutors













  algebra homework help -- people's math!
 





      algebra, math homework solvers, lessons and free tutors online.pre-algebra, algebra i, algebra ii, geometry, physics. created
        by our free tutors. 
           solvers with work shown, write algebra lessons,
           help you solve your homework problems. interactive solvers for
           algebra word problems. ask questions on our question board.

           created by the people. can you help?
 








homework help homehomework
free tutorsfree
fun stufffun











log on/register






   




all sections | pre-algebra | algebra i | algebra ii | geometry | word problems |  










 pre-algebra, algebra i, algebra ii, geometry: homework help by

free math tutors, solvers, lessons. each section
has solvers (calculators), lessons, and a place where you can
submit your problem to our free math
tutors. to ask a question, go to a section to the right and
select "ask free tutors". most sections have archives with
hundreds of problems solved by the tutors. lessons and solvers have
all been submitted by our contributors!










math simplifier,algebra solver:
         






pre-algebra: 

 numeric fractions 
 decimal numbers, power of 10, rounding 
 operations with signed numbers 
 exponents and operations on exponents 
 divisibility and prime numbers 
 roman numerals 
 inverse operations for addition and multiplication, reciprocals 
 evaluation of expressions, parentheses 

 distributive, associative, commutative properties, foil 
 equations 
 inequalities, trichotomy 
 linear equations, graphs, slope 
 proportions 
 percentage and pie charts 
 number line 
 average 


algebra i: 

 algebra in finance 
 functions, domain, not graphing 
 coordinate systems, graph plotting, etc 
 graphs, graphing equations and inequalities 
 real numbers, irrational numbers, etc 
 absolute value 
 logarithm 
 systems of linear equations 

 square root, cubic root, n-th root 
 negative and fractional exponents 
 expressions involving variables, substitution 
 polynomials, rational expressions and equations 
 radicals -- complicated equations involving roots 
 quadratic equation 
 inequalities, trichotomy 
 systems of equations that are not linear 


algebra ii: 

 complex numbers 
 linear algebra (not linear equations) 
 introduction to vectors, addition and scaling 
 matrices, determinant, cramer rule 
 exponent and logarithm as functions of power 
 rational functions, analyzing and graphing 

 conic sections - ellipse, parabola, hyperbola 
 sequences of numbers, series and how to sum them 
 probability and statistics 
 trigonometry 
 combinatorics and permutations 
 unit conversion 


geometry: 

 geometric formulas 
 angles, complementary, supplementary angles 
 triangles 
 pythagorean theorem 
 volume, metric volume 
 circles and their properties 
 rectangles 

 length, distance, coordinates, metric length 
 proofs in geometry 
 bodies in space, right solid, cylinder, sphere 
 parallelograms 
 points, lines, angles, perimeter 
 polygons 
 area and surface area 







       and much more (see list of all sections)!
     








new! free video lessons!


 we have dozens of video math lectures: by
        nutshell math and
        our own in-house videos.
        (uses flash technology). easy, very detailed
 voice and handwriting explanations designed to help middle
 school and high school math students. lessons discuss questions that  cause
        most difficulties.
   



word (story) problems
 solve and practice word problems 



numbers,
       travel and distance,
       mixtures,
       quadratic problems
finance,
       age,
       problems solved by linear systems,
       geometry,
       practice solving algebra word problems

customizable! just type in your values.
     





       fun stuff
     


       bored? 
         talk to splotchy, an artificial
       intelligence robot with funny voice.
            dumbest things from school essays.
            build vocabulary for sat, fun sat vocabulary game.

   





algebra worksheets at edhelper.com





over 600 algebra word
  problems, algebra
  number puzzles,
  exponents,
  polynomials,
  radical numbers,
  factoring,
  complex numbers.
     




college algebra

we help you get through college


linear algebra workbench: vectors, matrices, linear systems; lessons, free book pdf
  
math formula to pictures
       : type in a formula, get a nice jpeg picture
       for your website!
       
abstract algebra: groups, fields, rings...
     




math tutors wanted!

become famous by teaching math


     our 2642  algebra tutors
     solved 754058 problems
submitted by 370677 registered students,
     wrote 2490 lessons,
     304 solvers,
     to be seen by thousands!
     they become famous and promote their math sites.
     click here to learn about algebra tutoring and
     how to promote your math website or a book.
     watch it happening with a
       realtime algebra.com ticker, or
     view 50 most recent unsolved problems.
   











news: (subscribe to site updates rss (?)) - ticker.
 apr 17: algebra.com under attack
on 4/17/19 algebra.com was under cyber attack, whereby someone dumped a lot
of trash content into the question and answer area. i had to restore from backup from last night.

 may 18: you can write functions like "sine squared" in solutions
you can now plot functions like "sine squared", for example sin^2(z): 

 may 15: i quit my job to do algebra.com full time.
i quit my day job, in order to work on algebra.com full time. 
my mission is to make homework more fun and educational, and 
to help people teach others for free.

 may 15: password reset for absent minded professors...
i added a function to reset a forgotten password. it asks 
you for the registered email address, and resets a password if you prove
that you own the email address.



our math tutors are adding stuff to this
site daily. so stop by once in a while, or get
notified about updates via rss, or watch


realtime algebra.com ticker (new!), or follow our twitter feed.


 
 about algebra.com  -- for advertisers and webmasters who want to promote their sites
 link to us: <a href=http://www.algebra.com/>algebra help</a>
  stump robomoderator program







this page was accessed 48,536,719 times.
algebra.com privacy policy














