










msi | evanston wellness, meditation reiki center






























































































 my account



cart





 






home
services

services by billie topa tate
free community meditation
meditation teacher training certification course – chicago
indigenous wellness mentorship


shop
our story

billie topa tate’
contact us
in the news


blog
gallery
class calendar
 my account
 




0 items – $0.00











call today! (847) 866-0505






our story…
billie topa tate is from the mescalero apache tradition and has successfully maintained msi wellness center for the past 25 years with the assistance of her family and staff. with the common goal to create a sacred space one person at a time.
view our story








our products
msi makes every effort to provide products that are all natural, supporting a cause and provide spiritual tools for the modern mystics and professional practitioners. all products are available to anyone wanting to infuse their lives with peace and self growth.
view our products








our classes
are for anyone wanting to infuse their lives with spirituality and or advanced techniques for their professional practice. offering both a variety of beginning and highly developed teachings of spirituality as well as continuing education training.
view our classes








healing services
our illinois healing and meditation center is dedicated to being of service to anyone who is seeking wellness, spiritual growth, mindfulness, and training. our center provides services to those seeking to develop and sustain a healthy lifestyle.
view our services








make a loving donation
make a financial contribution and help share in the vision of creating a sacred space one person at a time. your pledge will go a long way in helping us to spread these priceless teachings.
make a donation








new book announcement
now available: spirit guide invocations by topa tate billie.  this medicine woman book helps you utilize the energy platform of the indigenous apache tradition through potent writings called invocations. from relieving stress to sending love to those who have passed away, the placement of words as an energy tool can unlock so many possibilities.
look inside








 


					for more information contact us at (847) 866-0505				







to sign up for the msi newsletter please use the subscription link here: subscribe now


follow us:



 







welcome to msi wellness center…
our illinois healing and meditation center is dedicated to being of service to anyone who is seeking wellness, spiritual growth, mindfulness, and training to build on current healing practices. the center has been offering our services for over 28 years in the north shore evanston community. through our free events, private appointments, and community efforts we are driven by our vision of  “creating a sacred space one person at a time.”free community meditation:join us for the loving kindness meditation offered free and open to the public the first friday of every month at 6:30pm. no registration required and walk-ins are welcome!


what's new

new book announcement by billie topa tate – mescalero apache
now available: spirit guide invocations by topa tate billie.  drawing from the sacred world of spirit, this medicine woman book helps you utilize the energy platform of the indigenous apache tradition through potent writings called invocations. from relieving stress to sending love to those who have passed away, the placement of words as an energy tool can unlock so many possibilities, regardless of your background or experience level. click here to learn more.











reiki
master teacher training






classes
in-person . online . free events






healing
private sessions and services






shop
see all available products








msi wellness center 2144 ashland ave, suite #1
evanston, il 60201
proud partners



servicesshop
class calendar
appointments
free meditation
my account
companyhome
gallery
blog
our story
in the news
 proud partners



 (847) 866-0505
info@msi-healing.com


search the sitesearch 


follow us:



 









 




your cart





cart is empty. 



subtotal


$0.00




apply coupon



apply




to find out your shipping cost , please proceed to checkout.

                            view cart                        

                            checkout                        









0





















