












: stephen's web : ~ page 152






























stephen downesknowledge, learning, community





[books]
[publications]
[newsletter]
[posts]
[articles]
[presentations]
[about]
[now]
       


 
 








select a newsletter and enter your email to subscribe:



oldaily

olweekly
	email: 



vision statement
stephen downes works with the digital technologies research centre at the national research council of canada specializing in new instructional media and personal learning technology. his degrees are in philosophy, specializing in epistemology, philosophy of mind, and philosophy of science. he has taught for the university of alberta, athabasca university, grand prairie regional college and assiniboine community college. his background includes expertise in journalism and media, both as a prominent blogger and as founder of the moncton free press online news cooperative.  he is one of the originators of the first massive open online course, has published frequently about online and networked learning, has authored learning management and content syndication software, and is the author of the widely read e-learning newsletter oldaily.  downes is a member of nrc's research ethics board. he is a popular keynote speaker and has spoken at conferences around the world.





stephen downes,
  stephen@downes.ca, 
  casselman
canada







the intertwined histories of artificial intelligence and education


this is an excellent though opinionated paper on the history of the relation between ai and education. as the author admits, "the focus of ai (and the history presented in this paper) has primarily been on cognition and the cognitive aspects of learning." the history presented is us-centric and it is not until the last few paragraphs of the paper that we are allowed to admit work is happening elsewhere. still, for insights into this particular community of researchers, this article is invaluable, and should not be missed. via weblearning. today:  total:  
shayan doroudi, 
international journal of artificial intelligence in education,  2025/02/17 [direct link] 


the most useful thing ai has ever done


this is a video about the development of alphafold, the ai system that analyzes, and then produces, protein folding, which is the mechanism used to create new proteins. even if ai doesn't improve beyond where it is now, says the announcer, we will be reaping the benefits from the scientific advances for decades to come. and when you increase how easy it is do do difficult things by a factor of 100,000 it ultimately changes the nature of what it is exactly that you're doing. great video, clear and well explained, via scott leslie. today:  total:  
bernardo resende, et al., 
veritasium, youtube,  2025/02/17 [direct link] 


agentic ai – the new frontier in genai


i'm not a fan of the white text and red highlights on black, but the garish look is intended to convey the core message, which is that there's a new type of ai in town. agentic ai - which we've discussed a few times over the last few months - is ai that uses tools in a series of self-determined actions in order to attain a desired outcome. probably the most useful part of this report (22 page pdf) follows all the case studies and is the list of key commercial and open source agentic ai tools (including microsoft's autogen and autogpt). via alex wang. today:  total:  
akif kamal, mohammad tanvir ansari, kaushal chapaneri, 
pwc,  2025/02/17 [direct link] 


why the buzz around teaching facts to boost reading is bigger than the evidence for it


though the question posted in the title is a good one, it's not an accurate description of the article. the first word should be dropped. the article never explains why there's so much buzz, though it hints at it, when the author observes that "it would be nearly impossible for an individual teacher to create the kind of content-packed curriculum that this pro-knowledge branch of education researchers has in mind." there would be no localization, no diversity of curriculum, and content producers would, well, manage what children are taught. but the few studies that examine where content knowledge improves reading underwhelm. this would matter is evidence were relevant to the formation of education policy. today:  total:  
jill barshay, 
kqed,  2025/02/17 [direct link] 


exploring ollama and msty


miguel guhlin writes about his experiences with ollama and msty. "the first is a text only local ai running on my machine. msty reminded me a lot of lm studio and sanctum. except that msty made it possible to set up a knowledge stack that the chatbot could access when responding to prompts." i'm noting them here so i have a link to return to when i get back home. today:  total:  
miguel guhlin, 
another think coming,  2025/02/14 [direct link] 


the healthcare uberization is slipping under the radar


the who "blames bad working conditions for the shortage of nurses" and institutions have responded by making conditions even worse. "just like with platforms such as uber or glovo, nurses, healthcare professionals and daycare workers sign up to algorithmically managed apps that connect them to hospitals, medical centers and households in need of temporary staff." this is probably the plan for teachers and even professors, so be ready for it. it's going to be bad: "this would expose how unregulated technology only exacerbates the erosion of labor standards in some industries, healthcare being one of them." more here. today:  total:  
naiara bellio, 
automated society,  2025/02/14 [direct link] 



[all the posts]


 

subscribe
web - today's oldaily
oldaily email - subscribe
web - this week's olweekly
olweekly email - subscribe
 rss - individual posts
rss - combined version

podcast - oldaily audio

websites
stephen's web and oldaily
half an hour blog
leftish blog
mooc.ca
stephen's guide to the logical fallacies
grsshopper
moncton free press
let's make some art dammit


contact

email: stephen@downes.ca 
 email: stephen.downes@nrc-cnrc.gc.ca 

skype: downes 
professional
national research council canada
publications 
presentations
all my articles
my ebooks



about
about stephen downes
about stephen's web
about oldaily
subscribe to newsletters
grsshopper
privacy and security policy
statistics
archives

courses
cck 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012
plenk 2010
change 11 - 2011
education futures - 2012
learning analytics - 2012
rel 2014
personal learning - 2015
connectivism and learning - 2016
e-learning 3.0 mooc - 2018
ethics, analytics - 2020



social network

mastodon
mastodon oldaily
flickr photos 
amazon wish list
huffington post blog 
pocket feed (rss)
pocket feed (tumblr)
linkedin
countersocial
twitter feed
oldaily twitter feed
google plus page
slideshare
facebook
blip tv

services

viewer
backchannel
ed radio
grsshopper demo
 








stephen downes,   casselman, canada
stephen@downes.ca


copyright 2025 
last updated: feb 18, 2025 03:37 a.m. 





.






