







home - second presbyterian church














































 



















skip to content


540.343.3659info@spres.orgmake a pledge / commitment
give now
planned giving









 



 home
about

i’m new
sunday mornings
who we are
leadership & staff
history
policies


worship

what to expect
worship times
live stream
sermons
bulletins
music
special services


ministries

faith formation for children
faith formation for youth
faith formation for young adults
faith formation for adults
faith formation for ministers
summer pastoral internship
pastoral care
preschool


missions

outreach
grants and special offerings
alexa house


connect

contact us
calendar
newsletter & annual report
weekly pastor’s letter
podcasts
blog
realm


give

make a pledge/financial commitment
give now
planned giving
kroger community rewards


 






















 



home 






welcome to second presbyterian church of roanoke, va


finding direction by following jesus.


upcoming eventsthe bible in black & white - march 2025women's bible study - feb. 27-april 17lent 2025christian education 2024-25the bible in black & white - march 2025


“what are they doing here?”
wednesdays, march 5, 12, 19 & 26 | 12:00 p.m. | fellowship hall





some books in the bible are about a specific person. what makes these stories so compelling is that they often center on individuals who live on the margins—people whose lives seem insignificant in the eyes of the powerful, yet matter deeply to god. these are the stories of god’s powerful work among the powerless.
during the noon hour on march wednesdays, the bible in black & white class will explore four of these narratives, seeking to understand what god sees in these individuals—and in all of us. drs. bill lee and george anderson, along with ministers from other sponsoring churches, will guide the discussion.












march 5: ruth
two widowed moabite women are a problem. it is the time of judges and there are turf battles everywhere. with no one to protect or provide for them, ruth and naomi rely on and take care of each other. why are they in the bible?


march 12: esther
she’s an immigrant married to ahasuerus, the persian king. he chose to marry her for her beauty. he did not know that she was of the same race as the people his most powerful advisor sought to expel from persia. why is she in the bible?







march 19: daniel
the jews are in exile. daniel is one of many who have been deported to babylon. like many jews in exile, he finds a way to be useful to those in power. sometimes, though, he gets abused because of the offense of his race and beliefs. why is he in the bible?


march 26: philemon
the book of philemon in the new testament is a letter from paul. the letter is written to philemon and concerns his slave, onesimus. paul wants philemon to accept onesimus back and see him as a brother in christ. so what? why is this letter in the bible?



women's bible study - feb. 27-april 17


women’s bible study
thursdays | 10:30-11:30 a.m. | session room




“from wilderness to glory: lent and easter for everyone” by n.t. wright
think, pray, and reflect through the stories of jesus’ life, death, and resurrection.
the church has always known, intuitively even, that the best way for us to be shaped into the people god wants us to be—the people whose difference from the world around is vital to our witness—is to think and pray slowly and carefully through the stories of jesus’ life, death and resurrection. in from wilderness to glory, beloved author n. t. wright encourages readers to do just that throughout the seasons of lent and easter.
beginning with ash wednesday, these daily devotional readings for lent offer a carefully chosen scripture selection, and wright’s insightful reflection that not only digs into the reading but also highlights how today’s christians experience the gospel. each week in our study together, we will tackle one of the stories more in depth, as we prepare our hearts and minds for easter during the weeks of lent.
books are available for purchase in elizabeth link’s office ($15). to register for the class, contact meredith koliba by feb 21.




schedule, spring 2025:

feb. 27
(*march 6 – no meeting)
march 13
march 20
march 27
april 3
april 10
april 17



lent 2025







“wisdom”
lenten sermon series
sundays, march 9–april 20
wisdom is something to strive for. yet, biblically, true wisdom is a gift best received with humility. why? first, the wise are wary of certainty and know they do not have final answers. second, deep wisdom that protects and builds a life worth living comes from the search and struggle of generations.
for the sundays of lent, your pastors will offer a sermon series exploring what scripture and tradition can teach us about seeking and receiving wisdom—wisdom that both keeps us grounded and helps us adapt to life’s changing circumstances. in keeping with the wisdom theme, the church will offer a series of videos featuring older, experienced members sharing insights from their life journeys. we hope you will join us for worship and look for these weekly videos during the lenten season.


lenten kairos worship schedule



ash wednesday, march 5:

7:30-9:30 a.m. “ashes and prayer to-go,” mountain ave parking lot
6:00 p.m. ash wednesday evening worship, kirk hall






kairos weekly reflections:

mar 12-apr 16 (wednesdays): weekly kairos video reflections via youtube and facebook, featuring second presbyterian members sharing the important and spiritual gift of wisdom.






maundy thursday, april 17:

6:00 p.m. maundy thursday evening worship, kirk hall



christian education 2024-25


“deep & wide”
christian education 2024-2025




“dig deep wells, and the cattle never wander.” this old proverb speaks to the wisdom of providing water, nourishment for lean times. on the surface, it offers a wise word to farmers and herdsmen, but perhaps another meaning is about the spiritual life. a faith that has depth will nourish in times of trouble and drought. moreover, a deep spiritual life will sustain a person through a lifetime.





at second presbyterian church of roanoke, va, we take our call to nurture faith seriously. for this reason, we provide opportunities for education at every stage of development. to assume that christian education is only for children is to make faith sound like a childish endeavor. indeed, we crave deep, living water our whole lives long.
what may look like play in a children’s classroom is the introduction of a god who finds joy in each and every child in our care. the sound of feet about to break through the ceiling is the expression of love in young people’s music and voices at children’s choir. what looks like a tasty meal for teens is a holy reminder of meals shared by jesus and his friends in the gospels. and what seems like adults in discussion is actually friendship being forged and spiritual nourishment given for the week ahead.
with christian education, we are digging deep wells, we are inviting you to dive into this wide, expansive living water. jump in. join us. drink from this well. see the christian education booklet to learn about the ways you may grow in faith through education, fellowship, and discipleship throughout the 2024-25 church school year.

















second presbyterian church of roanoke, va is a vital congregation for people of all ages and circumstances seeking to know, love, and follow christ.


second presbyterian church roanoke welcomes you


are you looking for ways to foster and nurture your family in an ever-changing world? are you thinking about finding a church home? at second presbyterian church of roanoke, va, our friendly staff and congregation strive to care for your family both spiritually and emotionally. to that end, this website is designed to ease the transition into the life of our church. whether you decide to visit or join, we welcome you!








meet our pastors










dr. george c. anderson
senior pastor
















dr. george c. anderson
senior pastor






dr. george c. anderson is the seventh senior pastor in the history of second presbyterian church (roanoke, va). he began preaching at second on february 22, 1998. previously, he had been the senior minister at briarwood presbyterian church in jackson, ms, and an associate minister at first presbyterian church in kingsport, tn. he is a graduate of st. andrews presbyterian college in laurinburg, nc, and union presbyterian seminary in richmond, va. dr. anderson is involved in every aspect of church life with an emphasis on preaching, teaching, visiting, and staff oversight.
george and his wife, millie, have three daughters: paige, rachel, and virginia. virginia became a new mother to daughter emory on november 1, 2017.



 














the reverend elizabeth n.h. link
executive pastor
















the reverend elizabeth n.h. link
executive pastor






the rev. elizabeth n.h. link joined the staff of second presbyterian in august 2011. she attended presbyterian college in clinton, sc, where she majored in history and religion: christian education. following graduation, she served first presbyterian church of delray beach, fl, as director of christian education, and subsequently recognized the call to ordained ministry. in 2009, elizabeth earned a master of divinity degree from union presbyterian seminary in richmond, va. afterwards, she served as a lake fellow in parish ministry, at second presbyterian church, indianapolis, in.
elizabeth is married to chris link, and the two welcomed their first child, eleanor, in the spring of 2018.



 














the reverend benjamin s. brannan
associate pastor for youth and young adults
















the reverend benjamin s. brannan
associate pastor for youth and young adults






the rev. ben brannan joined the staff of second presbyterian as the associate pastor for youth & young adults in march 2021 following a two-year pastoral residency at myers park presbyterian church in charlotte, north carolina. ben has a long tenure in youth development, spending six years as assistant camp director at ymca camp cherokee, coaching high school and club soccer for nine years, even spending three years as a part-time substitute teacher. following a career change, he felt god’s call to pursue theological education and earned a master of divinity degree from union presbyterian seminary in richmond, virginia. while in school, ben served as youth minister and pastoral intern at second presbyterian in richmond. he brings joy, creativity, and deep faith to all he does.
ben is dad to his son, camden, and his dog, sevy.



 




 
















© 2025 second presbyterian church facebook
instagram
youtube
 



 


































