




naaidt: welcome to the naaidt website

























skip navigation and go straight to the main content or use use accesskey "s"


welcome to the naaidt website


homeaboutcookiescontactloginlearninghelp


home


search:


featured articleoriginal naaidt web siteaccess to the original naaidt web site remains available at http://archive.naaidt.org.uk or by clicking on the banner image below.featured articled&t onlined&t online is a world wide web site offering free access to a wide range of design and technology (d&t) materials, resources and software for pupils to use as they engage in design and technology activities as part of the uk national curriculum.featured articlenational strategies for design and technologylinks to resources supporting the development of the national curriculum for design and technologylatest entries in this sectionnaaidt merger with the desig...naaidt merger with the desig...spring 2013 newsletterenglish baccalaureate (ebacc...summary report and recommend...swot analysisdue diligenceanalysis of membership janua...analysis of groupsnaaidt executive minutes 201...teachers tvblogging in the classroomteachers tvwhat is rss?




home about naaidt membership events naaidt together newslettertarget audience public pupils staff headteachers governors naaidt corporate members naaidt membersd&t in schoolsabout design and technology aims and purposes uk practiceorganisation and management accommodation d&t policy health and safety inspection monitoringteaching and learning gifted and talented good practice national strategies planning progression schemes of workprofessional development courses training materialsassessment coursework examinations self assessment teacher assessmentcross curricular links art design and technology english geography history ict mathematics modern foreign languages music physical education science business education key skills other subjects outdoor education pshce religious education work related learningage range pre-school foundation stage/early years key stage 1 key stage 2 key stage 3 key stage 4 post 16areas of studycontrol and systems electrical and electronic hydraulic and fluidic mechanical pneumatic structuresfood healthy eating ingredients recipesgraphics graphics media packaging promotional materials rendering sketching technical drawingresistant materials composites metal plastics woodtextiles man made naturalresourcespublications books guidelines resource packs software viewpointsproject exchange enterprise individual whole classcoursework portfolio class work examination workd&t milestones buildings and structures materials development product innovation production methods transportusing ict cad cam elearning eportfolio generating images multimedia office processeshistory and archive d&t associations pre 1700 pre 1900 pre 1950 pre 2000links downloads learning materials organisations schools suppliers




naaidt


author: naaidt executive
welcome to the naaidt website, the main entry portal for online materials and support provided by the national association of advisers and inspectors in design and technology.


naaidt corporate member recognised for achievement in international tradeboxford ltd, has been awarded the queen's award for enterprise - the uk's highest accolade for business success.
congratulations to all our friends at boxford!
download boxford press release (155k bytes)
naaidt merger with the design and technology associationover the last 2 years the national association of advisers and inspectors in design and technology (naaidt) and the design and technology association have been working closely to bring both associations together as one. we have now reached agreement and from the end of the year, december 2013:naaidt will cease to trade as an association and charityall members who wish will be transferred to the design and technology association with their membership being supplemented for the first year up to december 31st 2014honorary members will become honorary members of the design and technology associationcorporate memberships will transfer as corporate members of the design and technology associationall assets will be transferredkey naaidt historical documents will be archived at the design and technology associationa new consultancy group, with sandie kendall as chair, will be set up with representation from all areas of consultancy within the design and technology associationthis naaidt website will be archived but accessible from www.data.org.ukanyone who has any outstanding issues or business with naaidt should contact barry lewis, company secretary naaidt@talktalk.net

naaidt and the d&t association joint workingfollowing the proposal supported by the naaidt membership at the annual general meeting in may 2011, colleagues from naaidt and the d&t association have been meeting regularly to explore strategies for working together more closely. the joint working group comprises jonathan gershon (chair), richard green, hugh johnson, andy mitchell, bernard cooper and pam bolton.
during initial meetings, colleagues explored the key values and principles which guide both associations. we compared future aspirations for the associations and for design and technology in the curriculum in general. we have also explored the changing and emerging landscape of the organisation of education and schools, including the continuing demise of local authority advisors, the reduction in the number of government curriculum and assessment advisory bodies, the increase in the number of independent academy and free schools and the rise in teaching schools. both associations are convinced that schools, academy associations, and other emerging organisations will need a source of high quality advice, guidance, leadership and school improvement functions in respect of the design and technology curriculum. this will be needed irrespective of the precise form in which the subject emerges from the current national curriculum review. therefore, the role of the naaidt and d&t associations consultant members is going to be critical in moving the subject forward and that is why we wanted to keep you informed about our discussions.it is clear that both associations are committed to very similar goals and it is also clear that there are very clear and strong aspirations from both parties to develop a new working relationship to the mutual benefit of both associations. representatives of naaidt and the design & technology association are very keen to ensure they exercise due diligence in exploring the possibilities and implications of any future closer working relationship. they are also committed to making sure that any subsequent consultations with membership of both associations are coherent, and promote confidence in respect of details of any proposals and transparency of planning.there is more work to be done, but there is a high level of confidence that, as a result of the discussions to date we will be in a position to present some clear and exciting proposals to naaidt members and d&t association consultant members in the next few weeks.hugh johnsonnaaidt hon. president 2011-12richard greenchief executivedesign and technology association
d&t is under threat - we need your help!
a campaign was launched this morning to retain design and technology as a national curriculum subject. the campaign was launched at an event at the house of commons and is backed by leaders from the world of design, manufacturing and engineering - including our own naaidt patron, sir james dyson - see http://www.believeindandt.org/general/testimonials.html.  as we all know, design and technology provides children with uniquely creative, practical and technological learning experiences. it is also widely acknowledged that in order to ensure economic growth and future national prosperity great britain must encourage manufacturing and engineering industries. to sustain this, more children and young people must be encouraged to consider a career in these industries. design and technology is the key subject in the curriculum to provide an insight and an experience of them. ?  if you believe design and technology is worth supporting please support the d&ta campaign by following the link below:  http://www.believeindandt.org/  . . . and get involved - see http://www.believeindandt.org/general/get-involved.html  it is important that the government is able to appreciate the strength of opinion that supports the retention of design and technology in the curriculum. please encourage colleagues, friends, parents, governors, politicians, industry contacts and other interested parties to sign up to the campaign.
national strategies for design and technologylinks to resources supporting the development of the national curriculum for design and technology.
naaidt publications newscadcam: a guide for secondary schoolscad it! cam it!naaidt corporate membersmost recent articles on this websitenaaidt merger with the design and technology assocationnaaidt merger with the design and technology associationspring 2013 newsletterenglish baccalaureate (ebacc) and d&amp;tsummary report and recommendations of the joint d&amp;ta / naaidt working partyswot analysisdue diligenceanalysis of membership january 2012analysis of groupsnaaidt executive minutes 2011-12




search or browse this site





 




naaidt patron: sir james dyson
external web links: this website contains links to other websites. naaidt is not responsible for the privacy practices of those other websites nor is it responsible for the content of those sites. please contact the site editor at newseditor@naaidt.org.uk to comment or to suggest amendments or corrections.
copyright © naaidt 1999 - 2025
programming by dial solutions ltd




