













micronics












































menu


home


contact us
















exploration machine guidance





reducing costs and improving safety





















 eemis heritageprotecting heritage sites





 eemis sitedrill pad - earthworks





 drillgenieexploration drill guidance





 centimetre grade control rtkgeopak portable dgps & rtk system
















latest news

07/11/2013

rio tinto  has placed an order for 12 more eemis site systems to support the companys accelerating pilbara exploration program. eemis site is a unique fully featured earthworks guidance and management system that enables efficient drill string corridors within gdp areas and drill pad design including status data. an active layer algorithm continuously monitors and dispalys the distance to edge of corridors and distance to nearest cultural heritage site. an audible alarm sounds if a dozer, rockbreaker or supervisor vehicle reaches a preset buffer zone.


16/07/2013

micronics introduces new eemis systems unveiled at the 2nd annual exploration & mapping conference in perth. clients from rio tinto exploration earthworks and fmg christmas creek mine resource definition presented papers on how  eemis applications was saving their respective companies many hundreds of thousands of dollars to millions of dollars per year.



04/06/2013

micronics  introduces the drillgenie system for exploration and minesite drill guidance.  drillgenie  introduces a simple operator interface for virtual pegging to achieve amazing cost saving and increased sample crew safety. 
the initial cost is far below what is standard in the industry due to new leapfrog in software design.


09/10/2011

roy hill creates port to pit 465 km 50metre railway centreline using eemis heritage. record clearing  of  up to 27km per day was achieved by contractors. many heritage sites needed to be negotiated and not one breach occurred during clearing of virgin land.





realizing the potentialsmicronics has for many years provided innovative products to the mining and exploration industry, resulting in more effective and efficient methods.with several years experience in supplying guidance and sensory  technology, micronics has gained a wealth of knowledge in reasearch, design and manufacturing for the benefit of mining companies worldwide.  micronics is a company set on helping companies improve roi through efficiencies and ultimately, better returns in profit.  





highlightshire and demonstration options if you would like a demonstration or wish to hire our equipment and or services 









copyright@micronicsgps.com




website designed by octapc


2013














