














brine group: staffing & recruiting | healthcare & it staffing


























 




facebook
linkedin
twitter
instagram







(781) 272-3400




	about
overviewmission & valuessuccess storiestestimonialsjoin usbrine group careers
	get hired
our servicessearch jobsreferral program
	find talent
our serviceshealthcare divisionit/software divisioncontact

 


facebook
linkedin
twitter
instagram




 














your browser does not support the video tag. i suggest you upgrade your browser.
            your browser does not support the video tag. i suggest you upgrade your browser.
        








professional
talent acquisition | outreach | search 
 
 





healthcare careers it/software careers






striving for success
brine group is a professional talent acquisition and recruiting firm serving the technology and healthcare sectors. whether you are here to learn more, to partner with us on a job search or to locate the best available candidates for hire, be assured that our experienced team of search professionals will work hard to earn your trust and gain the results you seek. 
 

 

successful searches




			northeast healthcare system teaching hospital		
ma, 
director of obstetrics

 

			travel agency catering retired americans		
ma, 
vice president of infrastructure services
 

			non-profit healthcare system		
vt, 
non-invasive cardiologist

 

			real-estate websites		
ma, 
lead java developer
 

view more






“having worked with many staffing agencies in various fields, i can honestly say that brine group is one of the best firms in the boston area. everyone at the firm is professional, courteous and extremely knowledgeable. i recommend brine group to anyone looking.”
- hr director, coeducational jewish high school


 




p (781) 272-3400 f (781) 494-3401 this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.

321 billerica road, suite 100 chelmsford, ma 01824
© 2025. my joomla. all rights reserved. site by altos











