



















hopewell rocks provincial park | parks |  explore new brunswick's provincial parks | nb parks 




























































skip to main content
skip to footer


























home




parks
(current)




events




activities




about us





                            news
                          



                            jobs
                          



                            faq
                          



                            promotions
                          



                            policies
                          






stories





contact



français
















0

















hopewell rocks provincial park








              home
                (current)




                dates & rates
              



                amenities
              



                tide tables
              



                faq                
              



                gallery
              



















 facebook
 twitter
 reddit
 email



skip carousel













































  131 discovery rd, hopewell cape





address
131 discovery rd, hopewell cape
phone

 (877) 734-3429

email
ac.skcorllewepoheht@snoitseuq



purchase tickets here!
welcome!
for thousands of years, the massive tides of the bay of fundy have been patiently sculpting their masterpiece in hopewell cape, new brunswick. with over twenty free-standing sea stacks peppered along two kilometers of shoreline, no atlantic canadian vacation is complete without experiencing these icons. and just when you think you’ve seen it all, wait six hours as the ocean floor transforms in ways you wouldn’t have believed possible. our park admission is valid for two consecutive days to ensure you have the flexibility to see both high and low tides. sturdy footwear is recommended for exploring our trails and shoreline. be sure to check our tide times prior to your visit to see when it will be safe to explore our ocean floor.
powered by ivideon 
sea stacks
our sea stacks (also known as flowerpots) come in an astounding variety of sizes and shapes. guests need only gaze upon them to understand why they were given the whimsical names of elephant, bear, dinosaur, et, and even mother-in-law. with a little imagination, guests are greeted by new rock-characters around every corner. the hopewell rocks is designed to be a self-guided park but helpful interpretive staff are available throughout the grounds to answer any questions you may have. 


ocean floor access
the hopewell rocks provincial park has three primary access points to the ocean floor. main deck offers a large metal staircase complete with a spacious viewing platform. guests can descend the 99 stairs to the ocean floor and after exploring, can boast bragging rights to having climbed the 101 steps back to the top. for those who are not a fan of stairs, venturing a little further towards north beach grants you access to a ramp with benches strategically placed along the incline. although the ramp is suitable for wheelchairs, many find the ocean floor to be too challenging to navigate on wheels. finally, the treasures of demoiselle await those who walk the trail leading south from behind the interpretive centre. this trail gently descends to sea level and provides an incredible view of our cliffside, shepody mountain, mary's point and grindstone island. no matter which ocean floor access point you choose, the shoreline can be fully explored at low tide. your stroll will be relatively easy until reaching the ledges. many use the ledges as a turnaround point but our more adventurous guests may choose to clamber over this outcrop ridge of limestone rock. caution must be used as the ledges are often slippery and can shift under foot.


trails
our network of well-groomed, wheelchair friendly trails are the lifeline of the park. stunning lookoffs, secluded vistas, ocean floor access, and natural forests are all just a short walk from our main building. for those who prefer a more direct route to the main attraction, a shuttle service is available to take you from the interpretive centre to the top of our stairway that leads to the ocean floor for a nominal fee. 


park map

click here to download our park map. save a tree by saving it to your phone instead of printing it.






  tide tables










notice: this product has been produced by or for nb parks and includes data and services provided by the canadian hydrographic service of the department of fisheries and oceans. the incorporation of data sourced from the canadian hydrographic service of the department of fisheries and oceans within this product does not constitute an endorsement by the canadian hydrographic service or the department of fisheries and oceans of this product.











  trails
legend



easy



moderate



difficult



very difficult














1 - ocean floor access trail
closed for the season
accessible, gravel trail that takes you to the ocean floor













length :0.8 km/0.496 mi. (linear)
estimated time :0.25 h
difficulty : 





2 - demoiselle beach trail
closed for the season
dirt road trail through the woods to desmoiselle beach











length :0.7 km/0.434 mi. (linear)
estimated time :0.5 h
difficulty : 





3 - ocean floor (low tide)
closed for the season
come walk the ocean floor and discover all of the coves!











length :1.9 km/1.178 mi. (linear)
estimated time :0.5 h
difficulty : 

















view all parks







tide tables











address
131 discovery rd, hopewell cape
phone

 (877) 734-3429

email

ac.skcorllewepoheht@snoitseuq

social media










latest news







pga tour americas event returning to mactaquac;

 78472 views;
read time: 1 min









pga tour americas to tee off at mactaquac;

 71593 views;
read time: 1 min









latest stories





did you know? a little-known fact from each of new brunswick’s provincial parks!;

 6198 views;
read time: 8 min







your new brunswick provincial park summer road trip- adventure in every direction;

 15077 views;
read time: 12 min







mount carleton provincial park- exploring four seasons in the canadian appalachian experience;

 13523 views;
read time: 7 min







what pairs well with camping? we’ll tell you!;

 17379 views;
read time: 5 min








upcoming events





family day;

date:  feb 17







adrenaline snofest 2025;

date:  mar  1
























1
decide what to do
get inspired by the many stories from our parks
stories






2
explore our parks
see what makes each of our parks unique
view all parks






3
book your trip
from tent sites to rustic shelters to rv sites. we've got a place for you
reserve your site 











looking for a spot to rest your head?
pitch your tent, bring your rv, or enjoy the ease of one of our roofed accommodations.


reserve campsite 










#parcsnbparks




















follow us




quick links

parks
events
stories
faq


                        spring / summer
                      




 contact

terms of use
privacy
contact us
policies





naturally beautiful
from tent sites to rustic shelters to rv sites. we’ve got a place for you. 











              © 2025 copyright parcsnbparks

 














 















