








factory pipe


































































join our team
contact us
visit factorypipewatercraft.com
 










what we do
oem supplier
our process
our team
our story
buzz
photos
 







search for:

















we do it all, soup to nuts right & on time







we’re fabricators. we build stuff. right & on time







we design for manufacturability right & on time




















we design and build exhaust systems for the motorsports industry
in the motorsports industry, time to market is the difference between must have and old news. if you’re late, you’re irrelevant. we’re here to keep you competitive, designing and building compelling products with a total cost of ownership at a competitive price rivaling that of low-cost countries (lccs), and more importantly, delivered right, delivered on time, every time.


tier 1









 we are a world-class oem supplier





design expertise, based on product and process knowledge
our team of engineers and fabricators collaborate with you to create and build designs that work from both a product design and a design for manufacturability perspective.







we maintain the shortest possible lead times
ours is not a focus on basic transportation where mature markets allow for long lead times and multi-year launch cycles. we do not build chassis brackets, or steering systems or microwaves, we build exhaust for the motorsports industry, period. factory pipe is motorsports centric. we can go from concept to delivery faster than anyone else in the industry. we love short turnaround times.







relevant products  delivered right and on time
line down is not in our vocabulary. our 100% on-time delivery record for 6 years running with single-digit ppm supports that claim. 






contact us


design fabricate manufacture








we design, engineer and buildwhat you need when you need it.










since 1978







what sets us apart we offer a complete solution



from design and engineering to fabrication and production.
we deliver relevant products right and on time. we offer a complete solution–from kickoff, design (dfmea), prototypes, iteration, more prototypes, product launch (pfmea) to series production. we design for manufacturability, provide accurate prototypes and iterate quickly so you have what you need when you need it.
so sit back and relax. we got this.



quality policy
delivering quality product is central to our mission and our objective is to sustainably and efficiently provide product that exceeds our customer’s expectations. quality and safety for our team and community must be part of the factory pipe culture and continuously improved. we employ a quality management system to realize these goals.
“delivered right and on time”



motorsportsexperts







factory pipe news



   
  perspectives on business management with ross h. liberty  
 july 7, 2021 
 published july 5, 2021 by metalforming magazine welcome to metalforming magazine’s monthly q&a sessions with executives at metal stamping and fabricating companies.





   
  the school desk: ukiah high students land local jobs after cte training  
 may 14, 2021 
 through the ups and downs of the past year and a half, it has, at times, been difficult to see the positive things happening in our community. one of the many positive occurrences in our community is the wonderful collaboration between local businesses and ukiah unified school district to create and develop mentorships for ukiah high school students.





read more articles


the inside story








work with the best work with us


join a workplace that’s goal-oriented and customer-focused.
we provide our employees with competitive compensation, clear objectives, and direction; and we challenge our team daily.
job openings



work in an industry you love






  




address 1307 masonite road, ukiah, ca 95482
tel 707-463-1322
fax 707-463-1384
email click here to send



careers
buzz
contact us
 


  
  
  

copyright © 2021 factory pipe, llc. all rights reserved.








