


screaming memes



















    
	screaming memes
	
  
when we no longer allow truth, than their is only fiction





thursday, march 03, 2005



	 
	 breaking through the fourth wall - message from pastorius
	 
    


hi everybody,pastorius here. i ma so sorry. no, let's spell this write.i am very busy with multiple projects these days, and i find that i just don't have it in me to write stuff for this site. besides, as my buddy iww said, and i'm paraphrasing here, we're going through a time where the news tends to not be presenting so much bushitler hysteria. for god's sake, the new york times said, the other day, that bush's policy of promoting democracy in the middle-east seems to be working.truth is, i only really feel inspired to write memes when i'm extremely angry. memes is my way of yelling back at the tv. it has been great therapy for me. i hope that maybe it functions as the same for others as well. of course, we've had the odd person or two come to this site who doesn't get it, but i'm sure such people don't get much of anything in life, right?anyway, i'm kind of sad because i have really enjoyed the camaraderie of the iww universe, of which memes has been a small part. so, i will miss this, but hey, when you don't got it, you don't got it.maybe something will happen in the world which will inspire me to come back and start writing again. or, maybe when i'm done with my other projects the inspiration will come back.we'll see.of course, by then i won't have any readers left.:)



posted by pastorius at 8:04 am
1 comments






saturday, february 12, 2005



	 
	 the unpersoning of eason jordan - a return to modernism is nesassary
	 
    


eason jordan was a man off bravery and nobility. he rightly so, accuesd the jesusland milatary of assassanating journalistes, and then the bloggers have just willy nilly distroyed his credability. but that wasn't enough for the manicheanism of the blogger' s. no. they had to cause him to disappear alltogether. he has been unpersoned just as surely as ronald reagun, and ollie north ghw bush did to the the good children of nicaraugua.you will notice that there were no press conferences called. there were no interviews with barbara walters or 60 minutes. there were no npr reports, when it came to the eason jordan. just a press release under extreme duress, emitted by a cowed cnn.the reason their were no interviews with mr. jordan is because he doesn't exist anymore. in fact if you look him up on google you will not be able to find any credible infromation on his person. he is gone. disappeared. persona non grate. finis. vanished.how could this have happened? he was a promanant individual. he was the ceo of cnn. the answer is george bushstain's evil legion. the bloggers. the hounds of hell, baying at the moon, their malevolent carnivorous incantation of crap. the reichrabble of righteous, ramroding, rightwingers. bushstain has somehow brought these people under his absolute control. there is not a dissenting voice among all of them. the evadence for what i am saying is because they always disagree with the reality presented in the main stream media. how could they always disagree with reality unless they were under some sort of control?the bloggers are out-of-control. it does not serve the interests of the people to have this cacaphonous crowd of crisis-inducing democracy crackheads tirelessly giving us their pajama clad opinions. we need to do something about these bloggers. i propose a sort of licensing process.fro instance my internet magazine (screaming memes.blogspot.com) is liscensed and given authority to speak my opinion by an official political entity called the bureau of assymetrical democrisy. bad works to insure the voices of the weak minorities and underrepresented are given power through the applacation of assymetrical systemi within the "democractic" construct.bad has a subsidiary which has interests in the licensing of the internet waves to insure that only accredated voices are heard. this organization is called the general accredadation service. the office of badgas issued my license to me (it just so happens) on the day after bushitler restole the electoral process.so my voice has the right to speak and be herd, and i have been granted legitamacy. the evil thing about the blogs is that they are the illegitamate spawn of the slovenly slew of the slime-slinging swarm; the masses of mindless swinish scum,. the undesirables. the vermin. the just anybody.we can not allow this.now, i want you to think about something. even though it is we, the intellagentsia who have ushered in the consept of postmodernism, it has backfired on us. we declared the reader to be the author, and the author to be the reader. we believed that we would be able to undermine the underpinnings of the capatalast construct through the relentless deconstruction of the authority of text (ie histroy ). but it has not worked out the way we thought it would.instead we find that we have empowered the rabble. they took us seriously and believed that, as reader, they could be author. and the evil tentacles of the american online systme has empowered them with the tool of the blogosphere.now, instead of sitting on the couch in their skivvies, scratching themselves, drinking beer and belching out curses at the authority of the anchormen, now they are giving there opinion. and what's more evil is, people are listening to them. they are distroying all that was "good" and "holy" about the world.i'm going to propose something that's gonna sound a little crazy at first. (i know i know your thinking, "comeon meme,s, we would never think you we're crazy), but here it is anyway:i say we need a return to the prepostmodern. we need to return to the modernism construct.if you think about it the consept of modernism wasn't so bad. big monolithic syscrapers installed in the center of town to house the poor. hierarchical bureaurcracies. three-part forms. cbs/abc/nbc. the american library association. the dmv.what do all these things have in common? the answer is authority.there is a wisdom in authority. do you understand what i'm getting at? when their is authority, then the ravenous rabble can't run ruffshod over the runes of civilazation.yes, i think we need to return to a modernist construct. i will be meeting with the chief of the intellagentsia first thing tomorrow morning to put register my porposed legaslation. i am enlisting you're hlep and suggestions. (keep in mind, all suggestions will be run befroe a board of trussees befroe they are granted the right to be reviewed)also, please sign my petition (located in the comments section) if you support my idea.



posted by pastorius at 8:23 am
1 comments






monday, february 07, 2005



	 
	 the flowers of romance
	 
    


i must admit. their's an excitement about being underground and their's a certain headiness to the impingement of fascism upon the peoples. the palpable fear brings out a kind of "wtf have i got to lose-ness" in the proletariat. you can see the looks on the faces of the women, as they throw all caution to the wind. wearing plunging necklines in the middle of winter, revealing skin flushed with the vigor of perpetual agitation and excitement. furtive meetings are the order of the day. in bars and alleyways, doorways, and taxi cabs. the wind carries with it, an aural declamation of lust. this is a romantic time, when men are men , and women are women. the streets are still barricaded. the milatary is out in froce. occasionally you meet the odd soldiar upon whoms face seems suspended the look of doubt, the look of "what am i doing? what is happening to the good ole us of a." the answer of course, is that it has been invaded and occupied by the forces of jesusland. horaitio, ngude and i get together and sparrk up a few fatties and watch the government controlled cbs (complete bullshit) for kicks. we laugh at it like children, so hard that tears stream down our faces. fro instance, last night the three-star general anchorman said the following, "in the streets of the major cities, clam has returned. a joyful look abounds of the faces of the contented people of jesusland." outside our window meanwhile, their was a tank staring down a group of students throwing molotov cocktails. we watched as gunfrie erupted and the students scattered like rodents. the tank covered in burning gasoline was our fascist lamp against night's darkenss. so, you can see that our anchorman's proclamation was somewhat inaccuarate. what kind of country is it that froces it's citizens to be the "contented people of jesusland" by pointing tank turrets at them? there is a certain camp to fascism, an antiquated, yet quaint buffoonery. somewhat charming in it's naiive insistence upon "conservative values" enforced through malignant violence. fro all that their is to hate about jesusland, i must admit, our current situation has it's pleasures, and i find the soldiers uniforms to be quite beautiful in a sadomasochist and monolith sort of way. like i said, these are heady times. we must be prepared for anarchy. 



posted by pastorius at 11:43 am
1 comments






thursday, february 03, 2005



	 
	 targeted assassanation
	 
    


i have fel t for a long time that i was the victim of being targeted by the goverment. i have felt the slow hands of nebulous forces (black ops?) of the jesusland milatary closing in around me, whispering quietly and touching me surprisingly as if on the shoulder . i walk down the street at night, and i hear someone behind me, but when i turn there are only a couple holding hands. this is not what i felt i would come to know. i know what is happening. they can't hide form me. i know what is happening!!!  



posted by pastorius at 8:58 am
0 comments






saturday, january 29, 2005



	 
	 god bless the french (uh, not religious referent)
	 
    


wile the amerkkkaners capatailistes of jesusland try to set up their barbarian utopia in southeast asia, the french get dwon to the serious business of hleping the native peoples of the third world regions.   aboard jeanne d'arc (ap) - the naval ship's pantry is stocked with wines, baguettes and pate, and its casual dress code is shorts and sandals. there's even an artist - a painter to keep an illustrated record of the trip.   with a panache all its own, france's military is delivering aid to tsunami-battered indonesia - and showing how a small force can make a difference.   a month after killer waves struck the indonesian island of sumatra, the french are part of an international relief operation that includes forces from more than a dozen nations, including japan, russia and switzerland.   the 1,000 or so french sailors and soldiers arrived in aceh province on the island's northern tip two weeks ago. their 11 helicopters and two c-160 cargo planes are airlifting rice and tents to isolated villages devastated by the dec. 26 earthquake-generated waves, which killed at least 145,000 people in asia and africa.   "the children are smiling again. this is a good sign," said maj. francois masse, a veteran pilot of french relief work in bosnia, kosovo and chad.   although media attention has focused on the u.s. contribution, particularly by the nuclear aircraft carrier uss abraham lincoln and its battle group, aid officials say the french and other forces are playing an equally important role.   "(the french) increase our capacity to move loads into some areas where roads have yet to be reconstructed. trucks cannot reach these areas," said daniel augstburger, head of the u.n.'s relief work on sumatra's western coast.   that responsibility likely will increase once the americans leave with their three dozen helicopters.   the french, who also are conducting relief operations in sri lanka and the maldives, object to comparisons with the americans.   "the feeling we had in france was that, as usual, the americans were rushing in force to indonesia and boasting about it," said flotilla spokeswoman cmdr. anne cullerre. "for some people, it seemed outrageous.   "how can you really boast of doing something from this tragedy? people were saying, 'they are doing it again. they are showing off.'"   vice adm. rolin xavier, who heads the french military effort, dubbed operation beryx, said, "we are not in the shadow of the americans but we work alongside them."   critics of the u.s. military's work in indonesia say washington has seized on the disaster as a pretext for advancing its strategic interests in the archipelago and improving ties with the indonesian military.   during her recent senate confirmation hearings, secretary of state condoleezza rice said the tsunami provided a "wonderful opportunity" for the united states to reap "great dividends" in the region.   the dispatch of the uss abraham lincoln's strike force has been viewed in some quarters as an effort not only to help survivors, but also to burnish america's image among islamic communities worldwide by delivering aid to the largest muslim country in the world.   the french maintain they do not have strategic interests in the region.   the contrast with u.s. forces does not end there. the u.s. military bans alcohol aboard naval vessels. but french sailors aboard the jeanne d'arc pick from wine, beer and other alcoholic drinks, and their ready-made meals come with pate. on deck, they sunbathe in the muggy heat in shorts and sandals.   however, what really sets the french apart is the paunchy, bearded civilian riding a sloop to the shore. he is artist michel bellion, appointed to paint the french military in action in his trademark bold strokes and bright colors.   "i'm here to show the drama," said bellion, pulling out a sketch book.   we see, once again, how the imperialist jesuslandiers attempt to turn the world's suffering into gain. the french bring a civilizing force to the indigenous peoples of the third world,; baguettes, brie, wines, and waa laa, a painter. what is the united states amerikkkaners of jesusland's response to a disaster of tsumanicopian proportions? to send in a freaking military force, a battleship. 



posted by pastorius at 7:43 pm
2 comments






tuesday, january 18, 2005



	 
	 bushitler's mad schemes to deny the iranian revolutionary's the right to defend themselves
	 
    


i received the following email this morning:  to: memesporsche1237-qrtsptightend34@aol.com from: vladstavrogin@us.gov.nschrdqrtrs.comsat9  file under: top secret  memes, just thought you'd like to know, seymour hersh is being used by the bush administration. we leaked information to him regarding clandestine intelligence activities for the purpose of researching iran's nuclear weapons capabilities. but, the truth is there are no such research sorties being mounted.   we know where iran's nuclear facilities are because we built them. we built them so that we would eventually have a reason to attack iran, with the stated purpose being to deny them the ability to complete their weapons of mass destruction program.   the problem is, however, that my sources in tehran tell me that the mullahs have already succeeded in building 7 nuclear weapons a quite sizable kilotonnage. therefore, if bush attacks iran, as he seems hell-bent on doing, we are in for a very wild ride indeed.  keep this under your hat.  sincerely, vlad stavrogin national security council dept. of inteligence & clandestine activity   i really don't know what to do with such information, other than to post it hear fro all the world to see. i remember seeing a movie, a couple years ago, called miracle mile. in the movie, the main character (strangely a handsome twenty-something male) is walking down wilshire blvd., in los angeles, when he here's a pay phone ring. he picks it up and hears someone babbling about how "the soviet union has launched the missiles. we'll all be dead within an hour." chaos insues. the lord of the flies reigns. the people eat each alive in an orgy of violence and sexual depravity right in the streets. the punchline is that the bombs really do come, as if to save the people from oursleves. alas, i thought of the film as un belle frivolite until now.



posted by pastorius at 8:18 am
1 comments






friday, january 14, 2005



	 
	 where is the lamb?
	 
    


little lamb, who made thee go away?whither hast thou gone?i, memes, who gavest thee life, and bid thee feed- by the stream and o'er the mead -lookest for you from dawn to nightand wishest the the softest clothing, woolly, bright;little lamb, who made thee?dost thou know who made thee?little lamb, i shall tell thee,i, memes, made thee, twas me. i honestly, don't know, where daisy has run off to. sheeps need a sheephereder, and that is the service i did provide for her, for this the short glamorous time of the memesian reign. last think i heard from daisy, she sent me an email that she was going on vacation, and something about how the people at her work were conspiring agaisnt her, and then, nothing. she just disappeared. she is just a little lost shep now, i guess. i picture her out in the rain, all cold and shivering and sniffling. if i could, i would give her a little cyber tissue. so, as we mourn our loss, i will just leave you with this sweet little poem. it brings tears to my eyes, whenever i think of daisy: little bo-peep has lost her sheep,and can't tell where to find them;leave them alone, and they'll come home,and bring their tails behind them. little bo-peep fell fast asleep,and dreamt she heard them bleating;but when she awoke, she found it a joke,for they were still a-fleeting. goodnight, sweet lamb.



posted by pastorius at 5:20 pm
3 comments









	 
	 blog phooey
	 
    


as a committed web journalist who has and maintains his own website (screaming memes , you're looking at it) on a daily (well, almost daily, sorry) basis, i feel that i must voice my urgent concern about the rising tide of the blogosphere. who are these bloggers? and why are they blogging at us all the time? where do they live and what are they wearing, for god's sake? the problem with blogs is that anyone can have a blog. blogs are just voices in the wildnerness. voice upon voice all shouting into the wind, "here i am, and here's what i think." who cares what you think you blogging brood of blowhard bumpkins? you know what it is of which that i am suspicious? i suspect that these "bloggers" are all out there shouting their stray and random opinions so that they can shut down my free speech. our free speech. i mean everything they say is just contradictory. we say bush is hitler, or the iraq war is illegal, or that the rather memos were legitamite, and the blogosfear roars with condemnation saying the facts don't support the conclusion. what facts? where are these facts? and who owns the facts anyway? somehow, these bloggers have gotten into their heads that they alone know where the "facts" are, as if they could just take us down to a downtown corner and point and say, "look, there it is, the "fact". that's the one i've been telling you about. that is just so lacking in sophistication, and nuance, and, dare i say it, it's just so fucking stupid. the problem with blogs is that they have the trappings of academia and journalism with none of the checks and balances, none of the accreditation. where have you ever seen a blogger who had earned tenure, or a blogger who had put in 30 years behind an anchor desk? no, these bloggers just pop up out of no where like mushrooms of media and they just spew and spew. and, of course, with academic writing (of which i, memes, has done not a little bit) there are footnotes to support the facts and assertions. what do bloggers have? no footnotes, that's for sure. all they have is "links". link to what? is that the freaking "missing link" the stupid reuputzi idiots have been harping about all these years? hey blogger, link to this. (i, memes, grabs monstrous crotch) and, in journalism, writers interview a person, or get the interview off the reuters wire. but, what do bloggers do, they cut and paste, cut and paste, cut and paste. no facts, just a windows generated document posted on their "blog". really not much of anything at all, when you think about it. just 0's and 1's lost in a server somewhere. instead of thinking that these "bloggers" have any legitamacy, we should be warned, all these people are simply rabble with a computer. they are macintosh media moguls. they're windows-generated word slingers. the're the cutting correspondents. the paparazi of pasting. we real journalists must rise up and destroy this rabble. this great unwashed waste of server space. the bungled and the botched broadcasters of blogdom. i, memes, says, "blogs? phooey!"  



posted by pastorius at 4:38 pm
4 comments












about me

name:  pastorius 
location:  southern california, usa 
view my complete profile


blog links
attention us govermint: if you think their's something strange about this web magazine, click here
cuanas - evil neocone
if they only.nu - the genius behind daisy the lamb
iraqwarwong
iowahawk
jack - looks like nobel jihadi, but is evil
demunderground - brother in arms
indymedia - solid movement
lgf - charles is a nazi monster
appropriate - evil old neocon
evilpundit - funny, butt definitely evil
clover - lovley sweet personhood
patriotact.com - monitring the nazi's right back in their face
iraqwarwong
rip n' read
budge on the telly
skor grimm

previous posts

breaking through the fourth wall - message from pa...
the unpersoning of eason jordan - a return to mode...
the flowers of romance
targeted assassanation
god bless the french (uh, not religious referent)
bushitler's mad schemes to deny the iranian revolu...
where is the lamb?
blog phooey
resist the occupation
the screaming memes proclimation on world peace - ...

archives

10/31/04 - 11/7/04
11/7/04 - 11/14/04
11/14/04 - 11/21/04
11/21/04 - 11/28/04
11/28/04 - 12/5/04
12/5/04 - 12/12/04
12/12/04 - 12/19/04
12/19/04 - 12/26/04
12/26/04 - 1/2/05
1/2/05 - 1/9/05
1/9/05 - 1/16/05
1/16/05 - 1/23/05
1/23/05 - 1/30/05
1/30/05 - 2/6/05
2/6/05 - 2/13/05
2/27/05 - 3/6/05






  -->
  








 













