


















homepage | california air resources board



















skip to main content



×display settings

default
high contrast


reset
increase font sizefont 
decrease font sizefont 









twitter

facebook

youtube

linkedin

email









    search
      









calendarfaqscontactcareerssubscribedisplay settings



englishespañol










california air resources board




main navigation
aboutour workresourcesservicesrulemakingnewsequity








 








  southern california wildfire response






 california is coordinating a comprehensive response to help those impacted by the wildfires in southern california. learn how to protect yourself during the recovery phases.webinar: understanding air quality after the la firesfrequently asked questions: smoke, ash & air quality 


  zev progresszero-emission vehicles are essential to achieve clean air for all californians. the state has set a target to sell only zero-emission new cars, suvs, and pickup trucks by 2035. california is committed to supporting the cleanest transportation while ensuring all communities benefit, especially those overburdened by air pollution.2.21 mzevs sold138available models152,424charging & fueling stations
  what we dohealthair quality monitoringenvironmental justiceall topics
  popular  resourcesenvironmental complaintscarpool stickerspermitted burn days  portalsaftermarket partstruck stopoff-road zone  programsportable equipmentcap-and-tradetruck & bus regulation
  get assistanceneed assistance or information about programs or regulations? we are ready to help with a range of resources.trainingpermittingincentives
  board meetingsthe california air resources board typically has monthly meetings with the agenda available at least 10 days prior to the meeting date. board meetings are open to the public and also available are via webcast.the next meeting of the board is scheduled for march 27-28, 2025.meetings


the latest











news
 jan 15, 2025
attorney general bonta and california air resources board announce nearly $237 million settlement with heavy-duty engine manufacturer hino motors, ltd., a subsidiary of toyota motor corporation







calendar 










news
 jan 10, 2025
 california air resources board eases requirements on portable generators to meet increased demand during wildfires 







news & events











contact us

(800) 242-4450  |  helpline@arb.ca.gov 
1001 i street, sacramento, ca 95814
p.o. box 2815, sacramento, ca 95812

 







twitter

facebook

youtube

linkedin

email



accessibilityprivacy policyconditions of useair districtsregister to vote










california governor
gavin newsom opens a new window. 




secretary for environmental protection
yana garcia opens a new window. 




chair, california air resources board
liane m. randolph opens a new window. 












the california air resources board is one of six boards, departments, and offices under the umbrella of the california environmental protection agency.
calepacalrecycledprdtscoehhaswrcb




copyright © 2025 state of california











