 





alumaline







































 








skip to content







looking for something?





 




 alumaline











our products
deliveries
contact us
quote/order forms
dealer area
 







 


patio coverswindowsscreening 
 

about alumaline alumaline was founded in 1953 by ralph tate. alumaline began as a home improvement company, selling and installing windows, patio covers, siding and other home improvement items. as the company grew it incorporated in 1958. in 1971 ralph tate sold the company to his son monty tate. at that time monty began to gradually change the company from a retail home improvement company to a wholesale distribution company.
in april of 2018, four seasons building products acquired alumaline in an effort to expand its reach to more markets and ultimately more professionals and homeowners who need solutions to overcome hurdles with enhancing outdoor spaces. alumaline will continue as a distributor with key leadership integrating into fsbp as part of alumaline distribution™, a four seasons building products company, serving as a new mountain states region.
four seasons building products (fsbp) is one of the largest manufacturers of outdoor living products and is owned by latiumusa, part of latium enterprises global group of diversified businesses. headquartered in holbrook, new york, fsbp has the largest national footprint of factories and service center locations to deliver the best customer experiences and support across north america.
fsbp is known for its high quality products and specializes in bringing innovative customer solutions to transform outdoor living spaces with a full range of options in patio covers, pergolas, liferooms, pool enclosures, carports, screens, awnings and patio rooms to our network of over 3,000 professional dealers, contractors and distributors in remodeling, commercial and home building channels.

 
 

got questions?name*phone number*email address*what can we help you with?i understand and agree that by clicking "send" i consent to alumaline or one of its dealers/agents contacting me via call or text at the phone number (including wireless number) or email address i provide to discuss my needs, even if my number is currently listed on any state, federal or internal do not call list. i consent to receive autodialed and/or pre-recorded calls and messages.  i understand i do not need to submit this form to get information, but instead can call (702) 262-2207. i also understand that alumaline collects certain categories of personal information and uses this information in various ways, including order fulfillment and providing product information and service to you.  for more information, i may visit alumaline's privacy policy. i may revoke this consent at any time by contacting alumaline at (702) 262-2207.  sendthis field should be left blank 
  




our products
quote/order forms
privacy policy








© copyright 2025 alumaline. all rights reserved.  life coach | developed by blossom themes. powered by wordpress.               
            



➜



 
























