






khutbahbank - online resource for english khutbahs and articles on islam
































































khutbahbank

online resource for english khutbahs and articles on islam



 
facebook
twitter
vimeo



show navigation
hide navigation
home
about
khutbahs

by type

audio khutbah
short khutbah
text khutbah
video khutbah


by category

beliefs and practices of islam
building good character
current affairs and politics
history of islam
inspirational khutbahs
knowing allah
noble companions and muslim heroes
quran tafsir/exegesis


old khutbahbank


khutbah guidelines
articles

news and editorials
blog


contact
 

 






 



preparing for ramadan – sejad mekić


by sejad mekić
fasting for allah is a secret between allah and his obedient servant. no one else needs to know that you are fasting. allah says that “fasting is for me, and i will give rewards for it”




editors
10 february 2025
beliefs and practices of islam, building good character, inspirational khutbahs, khutbah, ramadan, short khutbah, video khutbah
permalink



 



 



how to awaken the heart to allah’s presence


by shaykh abdal hakim murad
how can we awaken our hearts to truly feel allah’s presence in every moment? in this profound talk, abdal hakim murad explores the spiritual journey of the heart, the importance of dhikr (remembrance), and how to move beyond distractions to reconnect with our true purpose.




 



the spiritual and practical aspects of fasting


by ahmed gaber
fasting during ramadan offers a wealth of benefits, both practical and spiritual. this khutbah enumerates the most important ones.




 



 



the principle of justice in islam


by ustadh abdul basith awan
allah’s religion forbids us from acting unjustly even to our enemies. justice is a command from allah, to be upheld against rich or poor, friend or foe, near and dear ones as well as to strangers further away




 



 



with a ceasefire in gaza, hope comes with the sting of doubt


by nour el-assy
“we’ve seen the world make promises before, only to have them broken by the same forces that continue to tear us apart.”




 



 



the miʿrāj: miraculous night journey of muhammad ﷺ


by shakh abdal hakim murad
during his “year of sadness” allah’s chosen oneﷺ was raised through the heavenly spheres to reach the utmost nearness to his creator, and when he returned to earth, he brought us the gift of salaah, the formal prayer, the means by which believers can experience their own miʿrāj




 



 



ramadhan and the power of supplication


by ahmed gaber
“ramadhan is all about purifying yourself, and transcending your weaknesses. as we approach this sacred month, now is a good time to prepare and take stock of ourselves..”




 



 



embracing a winning mentality in the new year and preparing for ramadan


by adil shabbir
“our faith in allah and our actions in this life must be like the two wings of a bird. a bird can’t fly with just one wing. it needs both wings to complement each other. we need faith and action, iman wa amal, to become successful in this life and in the life to come..”




 


read all articles →






khateebs & authors
arshad gamiet
dr. hossam roushdi
essam mahgoub
khalil moya
dr. husni hammuda
osman latif
omar galal
rabbi allen s maller
abdal-hakim murad
farooq khan
omar tarhuni
sheikh abdul hamid lachporia
sheikh hassan elwan
khalid mustafa abdul kader
rashard jedaar
shaykh abdal hakim murad
dr. zakir kapadia
abu aaliyah
sheikh abduragmaan alexander
moin qazi
irshaad hussain
gary younge
nouman ali khan
dr uthman lateef
tariq ramadan
madeleine bunting
abul kalam
omar medani
dr waheeduddin ahmed
shaykh hamza yusuf
yusuf ahmed
muhammad ash-shareef
jumaa khutbah at the jurgens centre
dr muein shubib
karen armstrong
englefield green on friday
amr shokry
sheikh omar siddiqi
imam nur salie
shaykh sadullah khan
shaykh fadhlallah haeri
dr. yahia abdul-rahman
mehdi hasan
imam omar suleiman
dr zubair chaudhry

 

 



© 2025 khutbahbank




















