




free icon editor. icon maker software.













 

















 icon articles
 android iconstudio

 business icons















 icon sets
 download



free icon editor. download icon maker software.
junior icon editor is free software now!
it's an easy to use icon maker for creating and editing icons for windows.

with this free icon editor you can:
create and edit icons in either standard or custom sizes, in color depths up to 16 million colors. standard icon sizes are 16x16, 32x32, 48x48
make icons with transparency
make icons for windows 8/7/vista/xp/2000 in 32-bit color depth with 8-bit alpha channel
make png icons for mobile software, including iphone, android, ipad, nokia, windows phone
create buttons for websites
paint images with pen, brush, airbrush, ellipse, rectangle, line, curve tools
roll, shift and rotate images
import and export .ico, .png, .xpm, .xbm, and .icpr formats
sort images inside icons
copy and paste images to other applications
test icons

system requirements: windows pc.

 download free icon editor


free-icon-editor.com delivers the icon design capability its name promises
become a master stock icon artist or simply touch up existing small graphics with free-icon-editor.com's easy software.
beautiful toolbar icons and small graphics used throughout development projects bring a professional touch no matter where they're used, and can instantly transform applications, operating system environments, and websites into more usable, visually-appealing, and ultimately valuable resources. it's not always easy to find the perfect icons for a given project, however, and sometimes it's necessary to start from scratch, pixel by pixel, or to modify existing icons to personalize them or to create a theme. with the help of the user-friendly software available without charge at free-icon-editor, each of these tasks can be accomplished with minimal time and effort.

many modern graphics editors and illustration programs are marked by complex user environments and confusing controls, making the creation of stock icons especially difficult. free-icon-editor.com's junior icon editor, on the other hand, has been designed specifically with the needs of beginning and intermediate icon designers in mind, making it easy to get started. offering a number of helpful graphic creation tools, vibrant colors at up to 16 million depth, and the ability to make icons in various standard sizes, this software has everything needed to achieve professional-looking results.

free-icon-editor.com's accessible software also makes it easy to test icons before implementation into development projects, and allows for rapid modification when any changes need to be made. from the simplest of website buttons and bullet points to the most impressive-looking favicons and other icon design pieces, all small graphics needs can be met with this basic yet powerful application. the frustration and hassle of searching for stock icons that just don't seem to fit with individual project needs can finally be solved with a simple download and a few minutes spent creating or editing. both complete design novices and users with some experience in icon design creation are sure to find this useful program an essential part of their development toolbox.

where to get icons?
there are several ways to get icon images done for web sites and software applications. enterprises with deep pockets employ artists and designers crafting them unique icons for salary. smaller companies outsource their images to third-party design studios, getting their images for hefty fees. organizations that are even smaller contract small design studios, saving some money at the risk of not getting any graphics at all, getting something not drawn to specs, or receiving the order too late.

going stock saves software and web developers time, money and uncertainty. why should you download professionally-designed icons? there are numerous reasons. with ready-made icons, you'll get your graphics immediately after placing an order. ready-made graphics are available for instant preview and immediate download the moment you place your order. no long waits and no surprises in getting your graphics done! 



toolbar icons for business


by purchasing a ready-made icon set, you save on ordering custom graphics. stock images are much more affordable than any icons you get from a design studio. by going stock, you are saving time and money, moving your project a leap closer to completion without robbing the bank. 

with ready-made images, you get graphics on time, guaranteed! no delays and no surprises - you get exactly what you see the immediately after placing an order.

with stock images, you pay once, use anywhere. if you purchase royalty-free images such as those offered by perfect icons, you can use the graphics in as many projects as you wish. pay once, use anywhere! no additional licensing fees are required. 

if you deal with perfect icons, you can get up to 5 matching icons made for you. free with every purchase of an icon set! need just one or two icons matching the collection of icons you've just purchased to finish your project? how about five? perfect icons will make you up to five images to match your specs and the style of the collection you have purchased without charging you a penny!

about perfect icons

perfect icons offers multiple collections of affordable stock images ready to be used by application and web developers. by providing developers with readily-available, royalty-free graphics, aha-soft helps you speed up software development, remove uncertainty of looks of the final product, and reduce expenses on graphics design.

perfect icons contains a number of graphics sets in a variety of image styles, themes, and sizes. the site features icons designed in classic and windows vista styles, as well as theme graphics having their own unique styling.

 icon articles




home  |  products  |  downloads  |  order  |  icons  |  support

privacy policy  |  terms of use  |  refund policy

copyright © 2005-2022 sibcode. all rights reserved.










 icons for windows 7/vista


 perfect toolbar icons


 business toolbar icons


 database toolbar icons


 people icons for vista



icon editor


iconlover is an icon editor. it allows you to design and edit all kinds of graphics required in the software development cycle, including icons, static and animated cursors and interface elements - all these kinds of graphics can now be designed in a single application.

 download icon editor


















