



















welcome to the birmingham amateur radio club, birmingham, alabama - w4cue.com












home
hamfest
membership

meetings
calendar
officers
ve testing
latest news
citizenship award




welcome to the web home of the birmingham amateur radio clubbirmingham, alabama.  


(for information on the shelby county amateur radio club, go here.)


if you're not meeting with us in person, you're invited to do so virtually via the zoom platform.  the information necessary for joining the meeting the first and third thursdays of each month is:
join zoom meeting: https://zoom.us/j/95882427732?pwd=udbhbhixyuf4mna1uennexnhrvrdzz09
meeting id:  958 8242 7732
password: 3guuh6

               updates will be posted here and on the club's facebook page. 





interested in becomming a ham or learning more about one of the world's great hobbies? why not join us?  »  read more





 next license exam


  barc is affiliated with the american radio relay league (arrl). joining arrl is good for amateur radio. why not consider joining today?


why not join us on facebook? share your thoughts and good ideas, and catch up on the latest news which may not have made it to our website.
see ya there!


 
search the fcc database!

qrz callsign search 
                  


















amateur radio is a contact sport. get on the air and make one!




barc sponsors several amateur radio nets, including:
tuesday night, 146.88 mhz, 9pm local (pl 88.5) 
tuesday night, k4dso d-star 8:30 pm local
sunday night net, 146.88 mhz, 7pm local (pl 88.5)
» barc emergency net preamble.
» more detailed net listing here.




 contact barc by email or conventional mail @ birmingham amateur radio clubp.o. box 603 birmingham, alabama 35201




mobile, al hamfest april 22
atlanta, ga hamfest june 3










» our newsletter, the birmingham, and other news of interest to area amateurs, is distributed by email. if you're not already on our mailing list but would like to be, please request a subscription here.










