







ruka henna











































        
          
            ruka henna
          
        
      




















































              ruka henna
            




















































ruka henna





                
                  
                    ruka henna
                  
                
              
philadelphia based henna artist.











scroll






 

henna adorns the hands and life takes on a new color.









  

.01about henna



henna is a form of body art from ancient india, in which designs are created on the body, using a paste, made by cindi, the powdered dry leaves of the henna plant. ancient in origin, henna is still a popular form of body art among the women of the indian subcontinent, africa and the middle east.henna is derived from the sanskrit word mendhikā. the use of henna and turmeric is described in the earliest hindu vedic ritual books.  staining oneself with henna is a vedic custom, intended to be a symbolic representation of the outer and the inner sun. vedic customs are centered on the idea of "awakening the inner light". traditional indian designs are representations of the sun and other important symbols in nature.



cindi applies henna paste on the skin using a plastic cone. after about 15–20 minutes, the mud will dry and begin to crack, and during this time, a mixture of lemon juice and  sugar is applied over the henna design to remoisten the henna mud so that the henna will stain darker. the painted area can be wrapped to lock in body heat, creating a more intense color on the skin. when you first remove the henna, it is usually pale orange in color, and gradually darkens through oxidation, over the course of 24 to 72 hours. the final color is reddish brown and can last anywhere from one to three weeks. moisturizing with natural oils, such as olive, sesame seed, or coconut, will also help extend the lifetime of the stain. skin exfoliation causes the henna tattoo to fade quicker.

  






.02our services

 

cindi is available to come to you for a henna party or for the traditional mehndi party – the day before the wedding. she does traditional and contemporary bridal henna as well. henna is a fun and interesting addition for a bachelorette party! to celebrate the coming of a baby and the the beauty of the mother, the baby bump can be adorned with a wonderful henna design. we do one on one sessions in a center city philadelphia location – just contact to schedule an appointment. we also have created a unique modern henna party! sign up on our email list to be notified for our next henna party event!travel:cindi is available for locations throughout center city and the surrounding philadelphia area. please contact if interested in having her come to your special event. if the event requires travel beyond an hour and a half, special arrangements can be discussed. pricing:one on one appointments:$25 to $45 – prices of designs vary based on size and intricacy.(prices will be effected by design modtifications)group appointments:$100/hr – generally a minimum of 2 hours for on site appointments.(prices will be effected by location and travel)when booking for groups, arrangements will be discussed regarding amount of people, time needed and budget requirements.  

 

traditional wedding hennamodern wedding hennawedding showersin a blessingway celebrationbaby showersbaby bump hennaspecial occasion hennabirthday partiesprivate partiesone on one appointments

 

we understand that every occasion is different and we can be flexible to your needs. please do not hesitate to reach out we any questions.

  




 

.03a look at our work

 






















































































































































































































































































































































  

.04contact usif interested in booking an appointment or scheduling cindi for a special event, please fill out the form below or do not hesitate to give a call. cindi values any ideas you have for your event or your henna design. she would like to hear about these so she can personalize the experience and the final design. –cindi rukaphone: (215) 751–0331    email: cindiruka@gmail.com 










              name
              
                *





              email address
              
                *





              phone number
              
            




              occasion
              
            




              tell me what you are interested in?
              
            






thank you!




   






hero image



about henna



services



family



family gallery



contact








 



get ruka updates
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates about upcoming events.




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you!







philadelphia, pa,
usa
2157510331
cindiruka@gmail.com


hours






powered by squarespace

 







