







andrew osenga













































        
          
            andrew osenga
          
        
      








































cart
















0
















            substack
          

            artist development
          

            podcast
          

            contact
          


































































































cart
















0











substackartist developmentpodcastcontact





                
                  
                    andrew osenga
                  
                
              











scroll








andrew osengamusic. writing. community.











andrew osenga indie artist, major label bandmember, record producer, songwriter, guitar player, label executive - andrew osenga is a nashville veteran in almost all areas of the music business. more importantly, he would tell you, he’s a part of a rich community of artists and storytellers, painting a picture of an authentic life with jesus through music and words. 








musicianone of the joys of my life is helping friends make beautiful music.











playerandrew peterson, matt maher, steven curtis chapman, jars of clay, sandra mccracken, caedmon’s call, the normals, josh wilson, jj heller, laura story, mission house, sarah kroger, taylor leonhardt, leslie jordan, indelible grace, selah, christopher williams, ben shive, eric petersproducer/ writeranchor hymns, jon troast, laura story, chris tomlin, caedmon’s call, andrew peterson, jason gray, village lights, jonny diaz, ginny owensa&r / artist servicescitizens, mission house, sarah kroger, the new respects, local sound, rend collective, josh wilson, mandisa, sandra mccracken, leslie jordan, tim timmons, the sing team, the faithful project (amy grant, ellie holcomb & more), selah, david leonard, ywam kona music, sara groves, caroline cobb, melanie penn, nashville life music, integrity music, capitol christian music groupinterested in my help in any of these areas? please reach out below




    work with me
  








 artistsome of my favorites of my work as a singer/songwriter










acoustic hymns - some of the most important songs in my life - recorded on the road with one guitar, one mic in one day












the painted desert - my favorite solo record - ambient/acoustic-ish musings on grief and hope












leonard, the lonely astronaut - yes, i did make an album in a homemade spaceship













interested in having me come play a concert? please reach out below




    booking inquiries
  








 anchor hymnssongs that will outlast us











early in 2022, i invited some friends to the basement of my small anglican church here in nashville, to honor the songs that have bolstered our faith even when so much else around us has crumbled. we decided to study them and to join in the long tradition of setting the stories of god to music for people who need to hear them.we prayed together, we broke bread together and we wrote songs together. we even took time away from our creative work to volunteer for a ministry in our community, and we did that together, too.our mission is to help people rediscover the beauty of the heart of christ. it is our sincere hope and prayer that the songs born of this loose and evolving group of friends can be a conduit for god to bring peace, healing and restoration to you and to those around you. 



 








the quiet hoursmy piano and guitar ambient instrumental projectfor prayer, meditation and study













let's stay in touch!
there’s a lot going on this season, so sign up to receive news and updates!





first name



last name




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thanks for joining me on this journey! hope you enjoy the music and i’ll be in touch soon!-andrew













intro



bio



musician



credits



artist



solo playlist



anchor hymns



anchor videos



the-quiet-hours



subscribe












andrew osenga
nashville, tn,
usa
andrew@andrewosenga.com



















































 

homecontactbooking


 







