






my qis











home
 webmail 
 support
settings
about us
 contacts


select
home
webmail
my qis
support
settings
about us
contacts
services
- internet
-- business dsl
-- co-location
-- dial up
-- domain registration
-- high speed internet
-- residential dsl
-- t1/t3
-- virtual private line
-- website/e-mail hosting
- phone
-- business phone
-- isdn pri service
-- long distance service
-- managed voice service
-- residential phone
-- sip trunking service
- support
-- contacts
-- faqs
-- referral program
-- spam/virus control
-- support services - regulations
- search
-- google
- weather
-- weather underground

  not logged in >>  click here to login 



 






qis news
















 




» please show me how to use this page.
» how to block spam before it hits your inbox.



 






 






headlines














federal cuts will have dire consequences for maryland’s economy | guest commentary
a slew of orders from the trump administration in recent days could fundamentally alter maryland’s economic landscape, writes kelly schultz.
armstrong williams: elon musk is a force of nature | staff commentary
elon musk has been wildly effective at trimming government fat, but he has yet to learn that running a country isn't the same as running a company, writes armstrong williams.
luigi mangione thanks supporters in first public statement since alleged murder of unitedhealthcare ceo
luigi mangione, the towson man accused of killing unitedhealthcare ceo brian thompson, released a public statement thanking his supporters while he awaits trial.
gov. wes moore forms coalition to boost investments in transportation infrastructure
gov. moore is looking to boost transportation in the state further with a coalition titled mobilizing opportunities for vital economic growth.
baltimore weather: wintry weather expected this weekend; snow and sleet possible through next week
wet, wintry weather arrives this weekend, with possible snow showers forecast to continue next week.
the orioles’ rotation has question marks. they’re being patient for answers.
mike elias and brandon hyde are confident in the orioles’ rotation despite entering spring training without a proven no. 1 starter.
some dems say trump is creating a constitutional crisis. the white house blames the judges.
president trump’s choice to ignore judicial orders has legal and political experts wondering if the u.s. is on the precipice of a constitutional crisis.
asking eric: woman asked if i’m homeless. i’m a retired lawyer who was riding a $5,000 bicycle.
dear eric: what’s an appropriate response? should i get angry? should i question her motives? should i be supportive to her? should i dress better?
fox45: barron’s exit opens door for trump-backed priorities in maryland’s u.s. attorney office
the news of erek barron’s resignation as u.s. attorney for maryland brought new questions about who will be named his replacement, and what it could mean for baltimore and the state overall.
spring grove legionella contamination: patient says his unit was allowed to shower once in six days
some spring grove hospital center showers were closed down for six days beginning jan. 30, as the state-run mental hospital dealt with elevated legionella test results.







 






ravens/football














aaron rodgers to steelers? predicting 2025 landing spots for top available qbs
aaron rodgers in pittsburgh? kirk cousins in cleveland? here’s an early look at how the nfl quarterback carousel could spin this offseason.
experts consider ravens’ response to allegations against justin tucker | analysis
the ravens have responded cautiously to allegations of inappropriate behavior by kicker justin tucker. what should they do going forward?
ravens’ justin tucker: ‘massage therapists deserve to work in a safe and respectful environment’
the allegations against ravens kicker justin tucker perpetuate a hyper-sexualized stigma that is damaging to the massage therapy profession.
ravens 7-round mock draft: big trades shake up deep pool of picks
with 11 projected selections, the ravens will be busy in the draft. here's a look at how they could spend those picks.
if the ravens were to move on from justin tucker, how might they replace him?
if the ravens were to move on from justin tucker, who might they bring in as a starting kicker?
way-too-early 2025 nfl power rankings: ravens still among the elite
before we even get to the draft and free agency, here’s a way-too-early look at where all 32 nfl teams stack up entering next season.
reader poll: which oriole would benefit most from a standout spring training?
orioles spring training begins this week. which player would benefit the most from a standout performance in sarasota, florida?
the ravens are among the betting favorites to win next year’s super bowl
sports betting odds suggest the ravens are one of the top super bowl contenders going into the 2025-26 season.
justin tucker accusers face legal headwinds, but it’s important they came forward, experts say
the massage therapists accusing justin tucker of sexual misconduct face challenges, but it's important that they came forward, legal and mental health experts say.
josh allen’s nfl mvp win over lamar jackson stirs debate: ‘he was robbed’
the mvp debate between josh allen and lamar jackson was already contentious, and that boiled over when people learned the results.







 

 






search the net


















type one or more words, choose your search engine and click "search"



google
			meta crawler
			lycos
			look smart
			yahoo
			excite
			hotbot
			











 






local weather

















 




    » annapolis




    37°f
    





    » baltimore




    37°f
    





    » frederick




    35°f
    





    » ocean city




    41°f
    





    » philadelphia




    34°f
    





    » westminster




    32°f
    





	  powered by virtual crossing











 






carroll county times














cabin fever craft show | photos
cabin fever craft show saturday at piney run park in sykesville. max groft shows off her jewelry during the cabin fever craft show at piney run park nature center.(thomas walker/freelance)
an eye for art: new windsor artist is the master of mediums
janice farver is showing her art at the gribbs gallery at 208 main st. in new windsor.
dayhoff: throughout history february weather has been miserable
even though february must certainly be the most miserable month of the year, it is alive with many interesting events that happened in carroll county history.
sykesville’s new banner aims to support diversity, equity and inclusion
downtown sykesville plans to escalate diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, despite an executive order from president donald trump that aims to terminate dei-related initiatives.
high school sports roundup (feb. 14)
here is a roundup of high school varsity action on friday, feb. 14.
five sykesville inmates convicted in two prison stabbings
five inmates at the central maryland correctional facility in sykesville have been convicted in two separate stabbings at the prison.
carroll county courthouse full of valentine’s day romance as five couples say wedding vows friday
five valentine's day weddings were scheduled at carroll county circuit court in westminster, including couples from hampstead and taneytown.
police say armed students ‘were overtaking the campus’ thursday at silver oak academy in keymar
three juveniles were arrested at silver oak academy in keymar after two fights during which police said students were "overtaking the campus."
carroll school board look for ways to save outdoor school
outdoor school, contracts with three unions that represent a variety of school employees, salary increases for bus drivers, the system's one-to-one device program, and the budget for instructional materials are on the chopping block as system officials work to ratify a fiscal 2026 operating budget.
taneytown police chief, mayor react to fraud and abuse investigations into substitute teacher
taneytown police chief adrian baker denied rumors that the department knew rieger was being investigated for alleged sex abuse and fraud.







 

 






local & national news
















 




    » the baltimore sun
    » usa today
    » new york times











 






world news
















 




		» the london times
		» moscow times
    » la jornada
    » daily mail & guardian 











 






business resources
















 




		» hampstead merchants association
		» north carroll business alliance
		» cbs marketwatch
		» business resource center
		» the wall street journal

















use of quantum's services, systems, servers, and facilities, constitutes the customer's agreement with quantum's rules and regulations, and the quantum service agreement, both of which are subject to change without notice.






home | 

              site map | 

              support | 

              contact us











          ©copyright 1995-2025 quantum telecommunications, inc. all rights reserved.

        



 



