



the ball foundation - the ball foundation






































the ball foundation

discovering and developing human potential


home

our team
career vision
contact us


the ball aptitude battery

aptitude defined
history of the ball aptitude battery
what the tests measure
the science of aptitudes


aptitude research

historical framework
performance environments
applications of aptitudes
bab validity research
selected publications


product development

job satisfaction
self-estimate of abilities
comprehensive ability battery (cab)


collaborations
the ball foundation was founded in 1975 by carl ball, president of geo. g. ball inc (now ball horticultural company), and his wife vivian elledge ball. their interest in aptitudes began in the 1960s when they became close friends with johnson o’connor, a psychometrician who had designed aptitude tests for use in business and industry. carl and vivian quickly recognized the importance of aptitudes and engaged in the testing themselves.
“we discovered things about ourselves and each other that we didn’t know,” carl once reflected. “those insights helped us better appreciate each other’s strengths and differences and deepened our relationship. we were so impressed by our experience that we wanted to help others gain self-knowledge as well.”
in 1975, following o’connor’s death, carl and vivian established the ball foundation.
mission of the ball foundation:

conduct research on the identification and measurement of human aptitudes and their relationship to academic or vocational success and satisfaction
disseminate research findings to professionals in the fields of psychology, education, vocational counseling, and psychometrics
make these aptitude measurements available to qualified end users in a manner that will facilitate data collection for research and provide aptitude-based career planning services to the community, as well as research for the career development field

the ball aptitude battery® (bab™) was first published in 1981 with 16 ability tests. inclusion in tests in print and mental measurements yearbook quickly established the ball aptitude battery as one of the premier multi-aptitude batteries in existence. subsequent aptitude validation research resulted in dozens of technical reports supporting the validity and usefulness of the battery in career planning.
since its inception the foundation has continued its work on aptitudes and has published research in professional journal publications, presented at national conferences, and received professional awards based on validation research. the bab has migrated successfully from paper-pencil assessments to a computerized version of the ball aptitude battery.
in 1985, the ball foundation established career vision℠ to provide personalized aptitude-based career planning services. career vision’s focus on aptitude-based career planning has helped thousands of individuals and families make informed career choices.
g. carl and vivian elledge ball
g. carl and vivian elledge ball
a favorite quote...
“make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood... make big plans, aim high in hope and work.”
-- daniel h. burnham
 the ball foundation is a living legacy to the curiosity and vision of our founders. 
 copyright © 1975 - 2025 the ball foundation
career vision | privacy policy | staff e-mail








