






geosoft
































products



projects



team



about








geoscience software.
software consultancy.






          for more than 25 years, geosoft has developed cutting-edge geoscience software
          with focus on innovative, high quality solutions across the geophysics, petrophysics,
          geology, mathematics and physics domains.
        

          from back-end modelling to front-end user experience, doing low-level i/o, web services,
          data analytics, cloud computing and real-time services, we devote ourself to create
          world-class software that solves complex problems with simple tools.
        

          the geosoft consultancy business delivers tailored consultancy and software development
          services to meet the evolving needs of the geoscience community.
        




        simplicity is the ultimate sophistication





products





logiq™ - time series server




                the geosoft logiq™ time series server is a versatile product for real-time time series capture,
                storage, monitoring and analysis.
              

                time series data typically originates from iot sensors like:

                
industrial components
vehicles
agricultural/environmental surveillance
medical equipment
webcams
cell phones
sports watches
etc.


                logiq™ defines a standardized interface for such devices using established protocols
                and open transmit and storage formats (web sockets, json-rpc and timeseries.json).
              

                logiq™ can run in any private or public cloud.
              

                to demonstrate the versatility of the server, geosoft has created the sceniq™ platform for
                real-time data analysis and visualization. sceniq™ is available as a desktop application
                or a browser-only web application.
              


 github
                











timeseries.json




                timeseries.json is a generic storage and transmission format for time series data.
                the format is the foundation for the geosoft
                logiq™  time series server and the geosoft
                sceniq™  time series visualization and analysis platform.
              

                timeseries.json is based on the
                javascript object notation (json)
                and the
                iso 8601
                standard for date and time specification.
                the format is concise, lightweight and human readable and it has a compact type system
                with support for established conventions for unit of measurements.
              

                as time series can be vast, timeseries.json also supports binary representation of
                bulk data which reduce storage footprint and increase transmission and processing time
                considerably.
              

                detailed format specification is found in the geosoft time series
                github repository
                where we also provide open source access logic for a variety of technologies.
              


 github
                











json well log format




                most well log and drilling data in the oil and gas industry is trapped within
                tapes and disk files of ancient and hard to access data formats like
                dlis, las, lis, bit, xtf, wits, asc and spwla.
              

                these formats represents orphaned  technologies and are outdated in all
                possible ways.
                their syntax is overly complex, convoluted and awkward, available support software
                is limited, software tools are rare and documentation is poor or non-existent.
              

                but still: these are the main storage and communication media for well logging
                information in the 2020s. the amount of data is immense and growing,
                as is the aggregate cost of maintaining and utilizing this information.
              

                geosoft has created the json well log format for future requirements
                of simplicity, compatibility, speed, massive storage, massive transmission, cloud computing
                and big data analytics. it overcome all of the deficiencies of existing well log formats.
              


 github
                

                  more information
                











osdu - practical well log standard (pwls)




                the practical well log standard (pwls) is one of the more promising standards to emerge from osdu/energistics.
                it contains complete lists of well tools, curves, properties, companies, logging methods etc. used in o&g exploration.
              

                its static nature however makes it rather impractical in use,
                and to mitigate this geosoft has devised a dynamic, version controlled (git), cloud-based (aws),
                rest api (json) for this standard.
              

                the geosoft initiative is a proof of concept of how the pwls process should be set up and maintained.
                we welcome collaboration from the industry in order to make it production ready.
              


 github
                

 rest api
                











osdu - unit of measurements standard (uom)




                the osdu units of measurements (uom) is an impressive standard, covering nearly 200 different quantities (length, pressure, temperature, resistivity, etc.)
                and over 2000 units (m, ft, bar, pa, etc.), complete with conversion factors. this is a great foundation for any scientific software.
              

                however, the standard has several deficiencies:
                
it is not publicly available as it is limited to osdu members only
the definitions are convoluted, making it awkward for practical use
it lacks a simple reference implementation
display units are not supported



                the geosoft uom open source project addresses all these issues. it includes a single,
                streamlined json file capturing the entire standard,
                and which can be easily applied to any programming environment in just a few lines of code.
                best of all, this json file includes proper display units,
                allowing the use of symbols like â°c, âµî©, or mâ³
                instead of the common but less readable degc, uohm, or m3 etc.
              

                geosoft provides open source reference implementations in java, c# and python,
                as well as a poc rest api for querying this information.
              


 github
                

 java api
                

 c# api
                











sodir i/o - fact pages library and rest api




                the norwegian offshore directorate (sodir) fact pages
                is an invaluable source of information for the activities in the north sea.
                it contains real-time metadata and production data for
                8000 wells,
                4500 surveys,
                1000 facilities,
                800 companies
                and much more.
              

                inspecting the information through a web browser is useful,
                but to really get advantage of this information computerized access is essential.
              

                the geosoft sodir i/o open source library is created for providing programmatic access to the sodir fact pages.
                the library is also exposed through a public rest api poc to make the information easily accessible
                in all possible programming environments.
              


 github
                

 rest api
                

 java api
                











logviewer.js




                logviewer.js is a modern fully object oriented ec6 module written in pure vanilla javascript without any html or css.
                it uses no framework technologies and has no external dependencies. the entire module is a single file of less than 80kb!
                logviewer.js is easily embeddable in any html5-based e&p application.
              

                logviewer.js capabilities includes:
                
reusable templates track setup based on curve classification, curve names and and units that can be stored and reused for different data sets
                  single- and multidimensional curves stacked single curves and powerful image log support
                  powerful styling capabilities colors, lines styles, lithology fills, gradients, transparency, text, symbols, linear/logarithmic scales and much more
                  fully interactive a set of default interactions and a generic api to define custom ones
                



                  try it now!
                
















projects

            geosoft actively participates in client projects while also conducting independent
            research initiatives to explore new technologies and enhance established industry
            practices and procedures as shown below.
          

            by developing prototype software, we empower clients to visualize potential solutions,
            generate new ideas, and accelerate product development.
            this hands-on approach not only inspires innovation but also streamlines the development process,
            enabling us to deliver cost-effective and tailored solutions that meet our clients'
            unique requirements.
          







witsml


                  geosoft has worked with real-time solutions and witsml technology since its start in 2005 and
                  we possess deep knowledge and experience on all aspects of real-time services, both on server side,
                  client side and in terms of working with the standards in both energistics and osdu.
                










wits


                  wits is a legacy transmission format that is still used on rigs for low-level communication of log data.
                  geosoft doesn't do wits because it is trendy (it is not), but because it is actually used and the industry
                  deserves simple, modern, reliable, secure products with clean and robust apis to handle this technology.
                



















innovation friday

            at geosoft, fridays are dedicated to creativity and exploration. the team members are encouraged to pursue personal projects
            that ignite their passion, from developing innovative software tools to experimenting with new technologies or procedures.
            the initiative, known as innovation friday fosters collaboration and sparks fresh ideas, resulting in valuable prototypes
            and insights that enhance our products, processes and team spirit.
          







glm - geosoft license manager

                  an extremely lightweight distributed license management system.
                  put your client licenses on github and validate them directly from your software:
                  github













trackme!

                  a proof-of-concept application for the geosoft logiq™ time series server where
                  we use the phone gps sensors and track its movements on the map.
                












snake

                  a very simple snake game to explore basic javascript graphics and event handling.
                















kock snowflake

                  a geometry paradox to explore javascript graphics and ui capabilities.
                












nimatron

                  a simple game of strategy to explore the separation of back-end and front-end logic within web browser programs.
                












game of life

                  a tribute to
                  john conway
                  who died from covid-19 in 2020.
                  the program explores event timing and different graphics techniques of javascript.
                















wordle

                  the popular game of wordle, in norwegian. exploring different aspects of the javascript language and
                  keeping a word database on the client side.
                












simon

                  the famous game of simon. explores various user interaction techniques and other aspects of javascript.
                












java programming style guide

                  one of the most widely referenced style guides on the java programming language originates
                  from a geosoft innovation friday project. this guideline reflects geosoft's commitment
                  to code craftsmanship; always producing clean, readable, maintainable and robust code.
                












unit testing guidelines

                  one of the most widely referenced guidelines for software development unit testing originates from a geosoft
                  innovation friday project. the guidelines exemplify geosoft's commitment to code quality and best practices
                  within software development.
                



















software development philosophy

            geosoft has a profound philosophy and well-considered approach towards software development and technology:
            
minimize tool usage to stay agile and adaptable
choose tools that are versatile and well-supported
maintain consistency across the tech stack
avoid frameworks where possible in order to reduce dependencies
prioritize simple, proven methodologies
emphasize flexibility and long-term sustainability over short-term trends

            note that only through deep knowledge of the technologies
            we avoid  can we truly stand by the decisions we have made.
          




tech stack


tcsh
git
emacs
gnu make
jdk + junit
.net/c# + nunit
c/c++
plain vanilla javascript
amazon aws


                yes, indeed possible! 😉
              




methodologies


object oriented programming (oop)
scrum
trunk based development (tbd)
continuous integration and deployment (ci/cd)
the solid principles
fail-fast
yagni
clean code
configuration as code (cac)






        technology must never obscure the problem we aim to solve
      





team










about
the geosoft history









1998-2015
early years



                  geosoft was founded in 1998 as a pure consultancy company within geotechnical software development.
                  over the years we have gained invaluable experience and competence through participation in
                  some of the largest software development projects in the o&g industry.
                










2015-2022
building software portfolio



                  following the energy sector downturn in 2015, geosoft expanded its focus from pure consultancy
                  to developing its own software portfolio within the geotechnical domain.
                  this includes open source and proprietary software components and products
                  within data management, real-time, i/o, mathematics, physics, web services, cloud computing,
                  data analytics and user experience.
                










2021
json well log format



                  leveraging geosoft's deep expertise in legacy well log file formats and responding to the
                  industry's growing need for a format optimized for digitalization, we introduced the
                  json well log format in 2021.
                  since its launch, much of our focus has centred around expanding and enhancing solutions
                  related to this initiative.
                










2023-
innovation and growth



                  in 2023 geosoft was converted into a limited liability company to better manage
                  its software portfolio and intellectual property. our main business is still consultancy
                  within the geotechnical domain with focus on the geosoft core technologies listed above.
                







                be partof thejourney!
              








clients















































geosoft

              geotechnical software services as
              kong haralds gate 56
              4041 stavanger
              norway

   +47 41 16 02 07
   geosoft.no
   info@geosoft.no











company

about
team
philosophy
clients
profile




projects

json well log format
pwls
uom
log iq™
logviewer.js
log scene™










        copyright © 2024 - geotechnical software services - all rights reserved
        designed and created by geosoft - simplicity is the ultimate sophistication








