western kansas research-extension centers



powercat


chevron


double-chevron



chat-purple





home


computer window with a question mark





close


facebook


linkedin


menu


search


twitter


youtube


apply-purple








apply-white








chat-white





request-purple



request-white







jump to main contentjump to footer

kansas state university



connect
canvas
orgcentral
navigate
ksis
hris
webmail



sign in


browse a-z




western kansas research-extension centerssearch
search
cultivating kansasprosperitycultivating kansasprosperitycontact ussubscribecontact ussubscribewestern kansas research-extension centersadvancing prosperity kansas.programs for younews and eventslocations in western kansasweather data
wkrec events
croptalk webinar seriesfocused on agronomy topics in northwest and northcentral kansas, this live webinar will be on tuesdays from february 20 to march 12 from 12:00 to 1:00 pm cst. field dayswkrec field days are immersive educational events that share current research-based information and resources with the community. these field days highlight current agricultural research and best practices relevant to the unique challenges of farming in western kansas. cover your acres winter conferenecover your acres is a producer-driven meeting focused on new ideas and research-based updates in crop production in northwest kansas and the central high plains region. 

rooted in western kansaswe collaborate to address the unique challenges in agriculture and natural resources, youth development, and health specific to the people of western kansas.about the wkrec
 
western kansas research reportspreliminary results of research at the wkrec locationsget the reports wkrec locationsuniquely positioned to address the challenges of western learn more our kansas impactnews from the wkrecread our stories ksre bookstoreunbiased research you can trustview publications 
 







linking education with life experiences to help people improve their lives, their families, and their communities
k-state research and extension prioritizes the holistic wellness of kansas communities, addressing physical, mental, financial, and social aspects with family and consumer sciences fcs. through programs spanning stress management, physical activity, nutrition, family finances, civic engagement,and more, we empower individuals to lead healthier lives, fostering happier and more resilient communities. 


find an fcs program to match your interests and goals







part of the k-state research and extension network
the wkrec team works to tackle western kansas's most pressing issues– creating stronger, more resilient food and fiber systems, and rural communities. we partner with county and distribt extension offices to deliver solutions driven by research and hands-on education.

find your local k-state research and extension office







k-state research and extension solutions at your fingertips
k-state research and extension experts collaborate on a wide range of solutions— mobile apps, calendars, calculators, and databases— designed to help answer the tough agricultural challenges and questions kansans face.
get research-backed ksre software and tools.




ksu-taps (testing ag performance solutions)
testing ag performance solutions is a real-world farming contest where competitors will put their skills and cutting edge technology to work in competition for top prizes and the distinction of being the "most profitable", "most input-use effienct", and "highest grain yield" in a limited irrigation scenario.


learn more about ksu-taps and join the competition!






 



k-state mobile irrigation lab
this mobile irrigation lab provides free software and media downloads, technical bulletins and links to other useful resources to assist in irrigation management and cropping system strategies. it's your one-stop-shop for watern and irrigation resources in western kansas.


visit the mobile irrigation lab website







k-state 4-h youth development
discover the transformative impact of 4-h in western kansas! 4-h empowers youth with invaluable skills and experiences, shaping future leaders and fostering a spirit of service and innovation. explore how kansas 4-h is making a difference in the lives of young people across our region.


view western kansas 4-h news







ksre stress and resiliency team 
explore our the ksre stress and resiliency team website (extermal link), dedicated to promoting mental health awareness and resilience in rural communities. we're committed to nurturing not only agricultural vitality in western kansas but also the well-being of individuals, families, and communities, addressing the crucial intersection of mental, physical, family, and financial health.


visit the ksre stress and resiliency website to learn more







k-state foundation seed
did you know that over 80% of the wheat acres grown in the u.s. have some tie back to kansas state university? for more than 60 years, the kansas foundation seed project has made foundation seed of public varieties available. the project has expanded to include wheat, soybeans, and canola.
learn more about the kansas foundation seed project



 






 
 
wkrec and western region events
croptalk webinar seriesfocused on agronomy topics in northwest and northcentral kansas, this live webinar will be on tuesdays from february 20 to march 12 from 12:00 to 1:00 cstfield dayswkrec field days are educational events organized by the western kansas research-extension centers to share current research-based information and resources with the community. these field days highlight current agricultural research and best practices relevant to the unique challenges of farming in western kansas. the events include presentations, tours, hands-on workshops, and discussions, all offered at little or no cost.cover your acres winter conferencecover your acres is a producer-driven meeting focused on new ideas and research-based updates in crop production in northwest kansas and the central high plains region.
 
 
 
 
k-state agriculture innovation initiativewe're investing in the future, with groundbreaking interdisciplinary ideas that generate positive impacts for kansas.support the agriculture innovation initiative
 
 
western kansas research extension centerscolby - hays - garden city - tribune 1232 240th ave, hays, ks 67601 785-625-3425 |  785-623-4369  fax | wkrec@k-state.edu





contact us


emergency


statements and disclosures


accessibility





kbor free expression statement




© kansas state university


updated






updated: 10/7/24

