





















home | multnomah county sheriff's office







      skip to main content
    











site branding




multnomah county sheriff's office



social media links


























site search








search










toggle navigation






main navigation



about mcso


overview


meet the sheriff


policy


equity in public safety


fallen deputies






divisions


corrections facilities division


jails


pathways to employment


corrections recommendations project




law enforcement division


patrol unit


file a police report


transit police division


civil enforcement


concealed handgun licensing


gun dispossession unit


hope team


law enforcement support unit


river patrol unit


search & rescue


open, unsolved cases


cold case investigations




agency services division


facility security unit


prison rape elimination act




business services division






news & media


news & information


press releases


public records requests





careers


contact us



how do i?


how do i file a police report?


how do i submit a public records request?


how do i get my towed car back?


how do i register my home’s security camera?


how do i sign up for vacation home checks?


how do i become a volunteer?


how do i file a complaint?


how do i get an expedited court access card?


how do i have papers served?


how do i obtain a concealed handgun license?


how do i report an abandoned vehicle? 


how do i request an accommodation?


how do i serve a subpoena to the sheriff’s office?















search






























multnomah county sheriff’s office





























safe


thriving









and
















previous
next




 














 














 














 



























a safe and thriving community for everyone






services










the multnomah county sheriff’s office (mcso) is committed to creating safe and thriving communities for everyone. the impact of mcso is immense, providing corrections, civil and public safety services to the most populous county in the state of oregon. mcso serves four contract cities: fairview, maywood park, troutdale and wood village, and unincorporated areas, such as sauvie island and the columbia river gorge, and is responsible for keeping more than 100 miles of waterways safe.






learn more about us








 


















file a police report







 


















search adults in custody







 


















concealed handgun licensing







 


















crime data dashboard







 


















serving papers







 


















public records request





















 

















our programs






 













hope team






learn more







 













pathways to employment






learn more







 













search and rescue






learn more







 













transit police






learn more

















 









meet nicole morrisey o’donnell
sheriff nicole morrisey o’donnell has been dedicated to public safety service since she began her career with the multnomah county sheriff’s office in 1996. throughout her more than 25 years of service, her desire to learn every aspect of public safety has propelled her through the ranks of deputy, lieutenant, captain, chief deputy, and undersheriff. in addition, she is one of the few sheriff's office members who hold dual certification in police and corrections. as multnomah county’s 41st sheriff, nicole is the first woman to hold this highest rank.
learn more about nicole morrisey o’donnell












what you need to know






news and media









skip to press releases







recent press releases


suspicious death investigation on sauvie islandthe multnomah county sheriff's office is investigating a suspicious death on sauvie island.published: february 17, 2025

frequently asked questions about federal immigration and the sheriff's officelocal law enforcement, your city, county, and state teams, including the multnomah county sheriff’s office (mcso), do not enforce federal immigration laws or work with immigration and customs enforcement (ice). oregon law prevents local agencies from cooperating with ice detainers. oregon sheriff’s offices do not keep people in jail solely based on their immigration status. like many other local law enforcement agencies in oregon, mcso’s primary goal is to keep our community safe and build trust with everyone who lives in multnomah county.published: february 3, 2025

your voice matters - troutdale public safety services contractthe city of troutdale is currently reviewing its public safety services contract with the multnomah county sheriff’s office (mcso). as part of this process, mcso invites residents, business owners, and visitors to learn more about the existing agreement and share their input on the future of public safety services in the community.published: january 31, 2025

multnomah county sheriff's office wants your feedback on new policiesthe mcso is inviting the public to give feedback on some new policy drafts. during a 30-day period called the stakeholder review, anyone can share their thoughts or suggestions about the proposed policies.published: january 27, 2025

multnomah county sheriff's office updates vehicle branding for improved safety and efficiencythis initiative marks the first major update to the sheriff's vehicle graphics since 2017. published: january 14, 2025

view more press releases















careers






work with us






we are currently hiring corrections deputies and deputy sheriffs.are you ready for a new career? join our team at the multnomah county sheriff's office.






learn more










 


























site branding




multnomah county sheriff's office







footer contact


emergency: 911  |  non-emergency: (503) 823-3333




social media links




































copyright block

© copyright 2024 by multnomah county sheriff's office. all rights reserved.







footer menu


about mcso


contact us


employee links


log in















