     car dealer | ford dealer in norwood, ma | jack madden ford                               

                                                 jack madden ford sales inc        sales 781-488-7395    service 781-614-7842  parts 781-661-6082  mobile sales 781-414-4304   825 providencenorwood, ma 02062                 service        map        contact                       jack madden ford sales inc            call 781-488-7395   directions                       new    new    schedule test drive   value your trade   custom factory order   new specials     pre-owned   pre-owned   schedule test drive   value your trade   used cars under 30k   preowned- specials   certified pre-owned overview   certified pre-owned vehicles     commercial   ford commercial shop   dump body   landscape   box trucks   utilities   vans   commercial inventory   section 179 tax deduction   commercial credit application   fleet department     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials    service and parts specials   shop ford parts     service   service department   schedule service   qualified service   mobile service     finance   finance   get pre approved   payment calculator   commercial credit application     research   2025 ford model research   2025 ford f-150   2025 ford bronco sport   2025 ford explorer   2025 ford escape   2024 ford model research   2024 ford maverick   electric line up     about us   our dealership   contact us   hours & directions   our blog   careers   ford presidents award                     home   new    new    schedule test drive   value your trade   custom factory order   new specials     pre-owned   pre-owned   schedule test drive   value your trade   used cars under 30k   preowned- specials   certified pre-owned overview   certified pre-owned vehicles     commercial   ford commercial shop   dump body   landscape   box trucks   utilities   vans   commercial inventory   section 179 tax deduction   commercial credit application   fleet department     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials    service and parts specials   shop ford parts     service   service department   schedule service   qualified service   mobile service     finance   finance   get pre approved   payment calculator   commercial credit application     research   2025 ford model research   2025 ford f-150   2025 ford bronco sport   2025 ford explorer   2025 ford escape   2024 ford model research   2024 ford maverick   electric line up     about us   our dealership   contact us   hours & directions   our blog   careers   ford presidents award               

                                                            disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                              



   inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       





      search new inventory     search used inventory        








get pre-approved

 







schedule service

 







view specials

 







value your trade

 







        our ford lineup     mustang mach-e        mustang        maverick        escape        edge        explorer        bronco sport        expedition        ranger        f-150        super duty f-250 pickup        super duty f-350 drw pickup        super duty f-450 pickup        super duty f-550 drw chassis cab               shop certified        

best ford specialized dealer in norwood
 
from our incredible selection of new and used ford vehicles to our state-of-the-art service center, jack madden ford has everything you need all in one place. we've proudly served the greater boston area for more than 70 years, time in which we've been able to work with many different generations of families throughout our community. you deserve a shopping experience tailored to your needs, so come visit jack madden ford and see how we make owning a car that much easier!
when you choose jack madden ford you can explore a wide range of models that include powerful ford work trucks and new ford sedans, suvs, and trucks! schedule a test-drive now to experience the ford brand. browse the used ford models and certified pre-owned ford vehicles we have for sale. sit down with the ford finance team at jack madden where we'll help you iron out the details from there and help you get the best norwood car loan possible.
to keep your vehicle running like new, bring your car in to the jack madden ford service center. from quick oil changes, multi-point inspections and tire rotations to serious engine repairs and more, our team can handle it all. schedule a ford service appointment and get your vehicle in the shop today. and when you need oem ford parts and accessories, just turn to the ford parts center at our norwood ford dealership for assistance.
when you're ready to buy your next car or you just need auto repairs you can trust, come on down to jack madden ford. we're conveniently located at 825 boston-providence highway in norwood, ma: we're on the auto mile!
more about us

       





f-series
the best-selling trucks in america for 42 straight years.
it's not luck. and it isn't coincidence. since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability. search through our inventory of ford f-150s for sale in norwood and test drive your dream truck today.find yours


       follow us on social media                 

dealership hours
    monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed    




     

jack madden ford has an incredible selection of new ford vehicles, used cars, and certified pre-owned ford vehicles. also on site is a new, state-of-the-art service center, with friendly, ford experts ready to assist you. we're conveniently located in norwood, ma, only about 30 minutes from boston. as the number one commercial dealer in new england, we have the most extensive inventory of commercial fords in the region.


our most popular models
when it comes to new fords, the iconic ford f-150 truck is a favorite for both businesses and individuals. the powerful pick-up has best-in-class available towing and payload, available pro power onboard, and luxurious interiors, preparing you for whatever lies ahead. for an even more powerful truck, choose one of ford's super duty lineup, which includes the f-250, f-350, f-450, and f-550.
the ford explorer three-row crossover suv seats seven people. it still has the model's distinctive look, and the interior has a clean, modern design. additional options include all-wheel drive, a power tailgate, adaptive cruise control, and an 8-inch touchscreen. the escape compact suv seats five people, and it has plenty of cargo space and a comfortable cabin.
the ford name is making big changes these next few years. the revival of the new bronco has been highly anticipated and is a hot commodity. ford has played around with hybrid models of all sizes in the past. the mustang mach-e is here to change the electric vehicle market. ford's first all-electric car was voted the 2021 north american utility vehicle of the year.

ford service
 in our service department, you'll find our technicians are certified by the national institute for automotive service excellence (ase), and some are also a or b level ford techs. we can help you with everything from front-end alignment to exhaust system repair.
 we also offer ford accessories and original ford parts. if an accessory or part isn't in our extensive inventory, we can order it for you. you can get a price quote for any part from our website.



why shop here?
our experts will help you find the best loan or lease for your needs, and we make getting a new car simple, fast, and fair. 
john madden founded jack madden ford in 1954. we love our community, and we support many local organizations, including norwood softball. we received ford's president's award in 2017, 2018, and 2020 and you can be sure your visit with us will include outstanding service.
used carsamong our selection of used cars for sale in norwood, you'll find certified pre-owned ford cars, trucks, and suvs that have all undergone a rigorous inspection to meet the blue and gold standard of ford. as a result, these certified used cars come with extra benefits such as a limited warranty, roadside assistance, and a money-back guarantee. 

new and used truckswhen it comes to used trucks, we have a great selection of pre-owned f-150s, super duty trucks, and mid-size pickups as well as having one of the largest new f-150 selections in the greater boston area. our commercial department is ready to assist with your business needs whether it be a dump truck, landscape truck, or a cab and chassis, our fleet sales consultants are experts when it comes to upfits. 






    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures jack madden ford sales inc | 825 providence, norwood, ma 02062 | sales: 781-488-7395 |                



















                   