










social action solutions acts as a catalyst for learning,


























































toggle navigation





home
mark harrison
our services
process
principles
video resource
reading resource
social action blog
contact mark
 





home



social action solutions acts as a catalyst for learning.
development and change. we act as a companion by getting alongside you and your organisation. we work with you to create and implement your own solutions.



labels are for jars not people






this book is based on work spread over forty-five years with young disabled people in bromley, greater manchester, norfolk, and west london. it is written to critically explore ideas and practices in work with young disabled people.
the intended readership is young disabled people themselves and all those working with young disabled people in whatever settings this takes place, including disabled people working in disabled people’s organisations (dpos). it is also aimed at non-disabled practitioners, professionals and volunteers working in a wide variety of situations; in education, in voluntary and statutory sector youth and community organisations; practitioners in allied health, mental health, leisure, recreation, cultural and arts settings. it is designed to introduce students and academics/lecturers who are involved in disability studies or subjects that include disability and to inform practitioners who wish to learn a specialism, or staff in allied sectors who want to understand more about disability and how youth social action work approaches and coproduction can support their work in this field.
click to download



















this companion for practitioners and community members focuses on the principles and process. it describes the role of the facilitator and gives tried and tested exercises which facilitate people to empower themselves. it also gives a range of case study examples of social action practice. click to download






this book will introduce a whole new generation of practitioners and community activists to the ideas which have been so powerful and influential in the development of social action world wide. the book includes an evaluation of social action groups which pinpoints the outcomes of the approach. click to download





























