







ceres tourism bureau – for more info call: <strong>+27 (0) 23 316 1287</strong> or email: <a href="mailto:info@ceres.org.za">info@ceres.org.za</a>










































































facebookinstagrammail023 316 1287 | info@ceres.org.za    


0shopping carthome

areas

wolseley
ceres
bella vista
prince alfred’s hamlet
koue bokkeveld
witzenberg
op-die-berg
cederberg


maps

ceres town map
ceres area map
witzenberg meandor




what are you looking for?

accommodation

in town

bed & breakfast
camping
guesthouse
pet friendly
self-catering


out of town

bed and breakfast
camping
guesthouse
pet friendly
reserves
self-catering




food and drink

deli and specialities
farmstalls
restaurants
tastings
wineries


explore

4×4
adventure activities
arts and culture
attractions
child activities
gholfing
hiking trails
snow survival guide


functions and venues

chapels
conferences
venues


businesses

services and general
shops and sales




snow

snow survival guide


events
latest what’s happening
contact





menu


menu

 






previousnext1234

what are you looking for?





categoryfloristaccommodation- in town- - guesthouse- - pet friendly- - bed & breakfast- - camping- - self-catering- out of town- - self-catering- - bed and breakfast- - camping- - guesthouse- - pet friendlyfood and drink- wineries- deli and specialities- farmstalls- restaurants- tastingsexplore- 4x4- adventure activities- arts and culture- attractions- child activities- gholfing- hiking trails- snowfunctions and venues- conferences- venuesbusinesses- services and general- shops and sales
 
 
search










search








discover, explore & enjoy our valley
ceres, a mere 150 km or 90 minutes drive from cape town, in the heart of the cape winelands, is the gateway to the cederberg area and route 62. the ceres valley can be reached through michell’s pass,theronsberg pass and gydo pass.
the valley produces the finest deciduous fruit in south africa. also well-known for its fresh and dried fruit, fruit juices and natural spring water. the ceres area is all but quiet. here you can be adventurous. be wild! be daring!
ceres is really a very special stop-over in south africa. here you get to experience amazing seasons with the most beautiful views. ceres, although small, has more than enough local and nearby activities for people of all ages. the valley of ceres, the koue bokkeveld and the open plains of the tanqua karoo were first inhabited by the san and khoi, thousands of years ago.
during the winter months, the mountains are often covered in snow and the area has been referred to as little switzerland. the ceres district consists of four diverse areas and each has its own unique charm and landscapes. scenic mountain passes are the only gateways to the ceres valley.



accommodation
our beautiful valley offers a wide selection of (business or pleasure) accommodation options.

all listingsfood & drink
some of the best restaurants, deli’s, tastings and wineries are in our area for you to enjoy.

all listingsexplore
take time and explore our gorgeous and eventful valley with endless attractions.

all listings

 



camping
 

 favorite












 
kleinvlei camping site


kleinvlei camping site was founded during the second half of 2019 as a recreation site for the local community of read more...





adventure activities
 

 favorite












 
barn24


barn 24 features two outdoor padel courts, ideal for both seasoned players and newcomers looking for a fun and challenging read more...





deli and specialities
 

 favorite












 
at source handmade foods


at source was founded in 2002 here on koelfontein farm in the ceres valley of south africa, but the excellence read more...





businesses
 

 favorite












 
maudiemark


maudiemark, a non-profit organization that runs as a fundraising project for huis maudie kriel nursing home. situated on 50 van read more...





adventure activities
 

 favorite












 
op die berg horse and carriage rides


op – die -berg horse and carriage rides is owned and run by deon van zyl and annatjie van zyl, read more...





explore
 

 favorite












 
christie prins hiking trail


enjoy a day out with your family at the christie prins day hiking trail (12km from ceres). surrounded by picturesque read more...





explore
 

 favorite












 
triple one


triple one office is a family business based in ceres, western cape.  we specialize in office stationery, crafts, printing, books read more...





explore
 

 favorite












 
merino farm


situated on waboomsberg, up theronsberg pass. we got mtb and 4×4 trail. in the summer time, the 4 x 4 read more...



 

view all 



upcoming events
mooi uitsig primary school carnivalfebruary 21 @ 7:00 pm - february 22 @ 12:00 pmr30 - mooi uitsig primary schooltankwa trail run 2025april 25 - april 27r3100.00 - kaleo guest farmafrikaburnapril 28 - may 4tankwa karoo , south africareviews

what makes ceres truly lovely is its warm and welcoming atmosphere. the town has a quaint, small-town feel where everyone seems to know each other. the locals are friendly and ready with a smile, making visitors feel right at home.
elizabeth horn
very enthusiastic manager who showed much concern about the prepared itinerary. shirley provided lots of relevant information for the tourist to the area.
mike hendricks
previousnext
  





” years from now, you will be more disappointed bythe things you didn’t do than by the ones you did do “







if ever a place lived up to its name, it’s ceres in the western cape.



contact information

we’d love to hear from you and tell you more about our gorgeous valley.
+27 23 316 1267
info@ceres.org.za

useful links

get listed
popi compliance manual
privacy policy

proudly part of the



  


© copyright - ceres tourism bureau 
facebookinstagrammail






scroll to top





 





















