



















































smokeyangel — livejournal





































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































smokeyangel
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














smokeyangel







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement





 
smokeyangel

about
 


profile
smokeyangel


page summary
 [#] i made it through surgery - kinda  [#] it's all in my head  [#] update  [#] bye bye anti-inflam  [#] my ravioli  [#] worn out  [#] bone scan preview  [#] home sick today  [#] my pain in the as story 


navigation
recent entriesarchivefriendsprofile 


march 2006
 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031





i made it through surgery - kinda

mar. 19th, 2006 @ 03:19 pm 



this is kind of a rough entry. i started it soon after surgery and meant to get back to finish it but never did so it kind of ends abruptly i'll have to finish it sometime but i think it's interesting reading! lolmy surgery went ok i guess but i'm still confused about what happened and what didn't. i guess i was hallucinating and didn't know it until i asked my boyfriend about earlier that morning when i thought my friend had stopped by and they wouldn't let her in because she wasn't related. he said he called her later and she said she hadn't been there. so i really don't know what was true and what wasn't. it seemed like every time the visitors left icu something not quite right would happen. it started out good, the nurse i had first was really nice and liked me a lot. then i heard them do the briefing outside my door. the nurse said i pee a lot which was a good thing. this new nurse was a young one and i wasn't sure if she would be trustworthy or not since the younger ones tend to gossip. they brought me my food and then the kitchen girl kept looking in to see if i was finished. that first meal of liquids was sure hard. i thought i was supposed to drink everything. the soup tasted horrible. i thought if i ate everything i would get released sooner. then of course that made me pee alot more and i heard the young nurse comment to who i thought was a friend of hers from the kitchen. she told her "see that girl in there? and she peeked and said "yeah, what about her?" she's peeing a lot." this of course is against hipaa. i kept seeing shapes spinning in circles. they kept changing like a caleidescope. i said circle when i meant square. the rectangle on the sharps container kept growing and then getting smaller. i saw the nurse come in later that night and check my vitals. she then came in and said "oh great" and left. then i hear someone i thought was her say that everytime she turns around the light (call button) is on. then i hear "next time she does it i'm going to put her out." i see her peek in again and then come back with what she claims was an antibiotic. as she's walking over to my iv she peers at me as if to see if i was watching. i later figure that it's her eyes adjusting to the light difference. instantly things swirl and i tell her about it. she walks out and i can feel my heart beating really hard. i later see her peek in and i do the come here finger and ask her what she put in my iv. she said just what the doctor ordered. i told her that i knew the doctor ordered a sleep medicine if needed and i hallucinate with them. i told her i was just concerned that i would get to the point i was trying to get up. she seemed to go around the point so i told her that i refused any more treatment until she could talk to my boyfriend because he is my proxy. she seemed to get upset and took off what she had put on my iv and went out and started writing and ripping things and i heard a thud. i saw another nurse who had just started working there again and i told him to come in. i told him that i wanted him to look in the trash can out there. he looked out there and he didn't see a trash can. i told him wherever it is i hear her ripping up something. he told me i just need to calm down because my heart rate was too high. i told him my heart rate was not high because i'm upset, it's high because of what she put in my iv. i then hear him questioning my nurse as to why she had something hidden. she said i admit i had that kind of hidden but it was for another patient. she came back and said she called my boyfriend. i told her no she didn't because i could hear that she didn't. she was out there writing and not calling. i said let me talk to him. she accidentally called my ex husbands grandmother who is listed as my emergency contact. then i hear her talking to my boyfriend. he said i was just being paranoid and i tell him great, thanks for believing me. he said how am i supposed to get in? i told him to get a hold of security. later the nurse comes in and asked me why i was so upset. at first i told her it didn't matter but she insisted that i tell her. so i tell her what she said and what i thought she did. she said that the girl she told that i pee a lot was her charge nurse, that's not against hipaa. then i told her about the comment i heard about the call button and she said another nurse may have said that but she didn't say that. she said i hardly ever press the button. well we pretty much made up and i allowed her to treat me. i told her that she better call and talk to my boyfriend so he doesn't come. she said she already talked to him. well then i see security peeking in so i'm thinking my boyfriend is trying to get in. a few minutes later my boyfriend calls and they say "it's the boyfriend" and then i hear "oh good."it wasn't until the next morning that i realized i was having hallucinations but it was after i saw the doctor. i kept hearing my coworker's voices and they were being really loud. i told the nurse who had taken over that i'm sorry i told them not to come while i was in icu, i think that's really rude. they seemed to be visiting each other and talking about where i worked rather than taking care of anyone. i heard my boyfriend come in and he didn't know they were all there to see me and he stayed there waiting for it to be time to come in. i heard him talking to a few people. i then heard someone tell me to come out and i shouted back "ummm, i can't really come out there right now." then i shouted "i look like bozo the clown!" someone came in to do bloodwork and i thought i heard the doctor come in and start reading the results to my coworkers and then i had to go for an emergency ct. as they were wheeling me out i went to wave to them but no one was there. i just figured that they either gave up waiting because it was time to go to work or they went out in the waiting room. later i hear some voices again. it was my best friend asking why they didn't tell her the visiting hours before. i then hear my new nurse talking to the patient next to me. the patient was wondering why my friend just couldn't come in to see me. she told her info about me and said that i wasn't quite right. so i'm thinking great, now everyone knows how i'm doing except me. i hear some voices saying what i thought was "bye sharon we'll see you for lunch about 1:00" and i shout "ok, bye!" i finally see the doctor and ask him if my boyfriend can come in for this. he said it's not visiting hours and i said he's my proxy though. he must be out in the waiting room. he tells me that my ct looks good and i told him about why i acted the way i did the night before. he then leaves in a hurry. then my boyfriend comes in and i asked him what took him so long to come in. he said he just got there. he later calls my friend and she says she was never there. that's how i found out i was having realistic hallucinations. sure wish they warned me ahead of time. i knew that i was hallucinating when i saw the shapes but i never realized they could be so realistic. when the new nurse came back in i told her she could have told me that i was hallucinating. i figured out why i kept hearing my name too, the nurse's name was karen so i kept hearing sharon. then some of the staff there had the same names as my co-workers.once they knew i was ok, they tried pretty hard to get me out of icu. one that i found out was the charge nurse for that morning said that she would gladly take me but she told them they would have to give her hazard pay. fortunately the poor nurse i accused the night before agreed to take me up. well, we got all the way up just to find out the room wasn't ready. they couldn't get the patient discharged. i waited 5 hours in a transport chair attached to a heart monitor that kept malfunctioning. eventually the charge nurse told them to shut it off. of course the girls in charge of transporting me turned it back on. i think it was against hospital policy to have it off. the charge nurse that day said she was related to the someone high up in the hospital and couldn't get fired. she said this as she yanked wires out of a ventilator and someone told her that she wasn't supposed to do it that way.current mood: weird

(leave a comment)



it's all in my head

mar. 6th, 2006 @ 04:11 pm 



well so much has happened since my last post... well uhhh my last saine post. the previous post had me laughing so hard when i read it. i can't believe i spelled like that and said the things i did. proof for the doctor though huh? well obviously i couldn't tolerate sonata, the sleep medicine i was given. i had been on anti-inflammatories mobic and sulfasalazine, two muscle relaxers flexeril and soma, and darvocet for a pain med. i still wasn't getting pain relief, i was getting less and less sleep and more and more pain. i saw a pain management doctor who had given me some samples of sonata after i told him that i just wanted some sleep. i had only slept 2 hours when i saw him. i told him that i would stop taking the muscle relaxers and try a sleeping pills. he said that basically i have tried everything and he wanted me to try neck injections. i told him that i was willing to try anything at this point.a little over a week later i was in for neck injections which i later learned were steroid epideral injections. if i knew before i went in that i would be getting steroids i wouldn't have gone for it. i had tried a steroid pack sometime last fall and they had me wired so i couldn't sleep, my face turned bright red and i was hot constantly when it was so cold outside. but i was already there and i just wanted the pain to stop. they gave me a sedative to calm me through an iv. i was rolled into the room where the doctor was sitting at a desk talking on the phone. there was at least 3 other people in there and i remember moving onto the table face down and the doctor came over and rubbed my neck with alcohol. my next memory was in the recovery room. i was supposed to be alert during the whole procedure so i don't know why i don't remember anything. i was hooked up to a machine that monitured my heart rate and blood pressure. the blood pressure cuff would tighted every so often to take my pressure. at some point i was given a picture of the x-ray showing the injections. i had 3 on each side but the picture only showed 3. i was told that they forgot to take a picture of the other side.i was really sore for a few days and kept ice and heat on it as i was told. the next week i had a fever of 103 which i thought was the flu since everyone else at work had it. three days later i was coughing and congested.two weeks after my injection i was in a meeting i had scheduled a teleconference for employee training with the software company that we use. we had just started the meeting and things were going ok but the ladies in training didn't prepare what i had asked them too despite being told 3 times. they were in a scuffle to locate a live example to train with. we got through that ordeal and my manager walks in and takes over despite knowing nothing about it. at one point i went to ask a question to be cut off by her, i stopped and she looked at me and thinking she was waiting for me to continue start again. she cut me off again. i kept quiet for a while, they were in some kind of misunderstanding and i knew what both ends were confused about but after beind silent for some time i kept saying "may i please say something." so i got both parties on the same page and the meeting finally continued. but after that meeting i felt so strange. all the sudden i felt panic like i had to get away from there. fortunately i had a doctor's appointment so i left and went to my appointment though it was a bit early. i went into the exam room of my bone and joint doctor and the nurse's assistant asks me how i'm doing on skelaxin. i told her i don't take skelaxin, the doctor gave me flexeril. so she then says "how is your flexeril doing?" i said it works but it makes me too tired and i'm supposed to take it in the morning and take soma at night. i told her i needed to ask him about it because at the last appointment he told me to take it in the morning and i get my prescription and it says to take it at night and i already take soma at night. i told her i don't think i should take both. she left and i was so aggrivated at the fact that i had to explain this when it should be in my chart that i started crying. this was the 3rd time that office said i was taking skelaxin and each time i tell them i have not taken it. i waited in there so long that i had calmed down but the doctor saw that i had been crying. immediately said, "you are depressed." i was furious. i said that i was upset but not depressed. i said i'm tired of repeating myself over and over and getting nowhere. i had seen a pain doctor, a rheumatologist, a bone and joint doctor. he told me he thought i needed psychological help which made me more upset. he said he's tried everything and he can't help me anymore. i had intended to go back to work after my appointment but i was so angry that i went straight home. by the time my boyfriend got home i was talking in circles with no end and no beginning. everyone was saying "what? what does that have to do with anything? it made perfect sense. why wasn't anyone understanding me? so i thought if everyone couldn't understand me, including my boyfriend, what was it? it wasn't that i was talking too quiet, they just didn't seem to get it. i thought i just must be tired, i hadn't been sleeping much and i was still trying to work. the next morning, i still didn't get any sleep and was still talking in circles. i knew that if i went to work like that something bad would happen whether it be losing my job or telling someone off. i was also already two hours late for work. it had taken me that long just to get ready. i kept doing stupid things like drying my hands before i washed them. i was easily distracted and rarely did what i originally set out to do. so i started trying to call my doctor. it took me a long time to figure out how to call her. when i figured out how i was transferred to voice mail even after telling the girl answering that it was an emergency. at about noon, the nurse called me and i tried to tell her what i needed but the words just wouldn't come out right. i told her that i couldn't get anyone to understand me i just want to talk to the doctor. she replied with "what? i don't understand. you are going to have to give me more information." angry i said just look at my chart and call the bone and joint doctor. he said he would call. she said well he hasn't called. i asked to speak to my doctor. she said she would give her the message. my boyfriend called in the meantime and i broke down in tears. he came home from work because i was so out-of it and wanted to go to the emergency room. finally my doctor calls and told me i needed to call the bone and joint doctor and find out what he wanted her to do. not being able to say what i needed i just said "ok" and hung up. my boyfriend spent the weekend calming me down and i went a few more days without sleep and going to work until i realized things were no longer getting better.on january 31st my boyfriend drove me to the minor emergency. the woman asked me questions like "do you know where you are? what day is it?" she looked at my boyfriend when i paused at the questions and told him that wasn't normal. he told her it was normal for me. lol she told him to drive me to the emergency room because they did not have the proper equipment there. i would need a ct. we got to the er around 7 or 8 and the emergency room was packed with people and they kept flowing in. i began to feel guilty because everyone seemed so much worse than me. there were a few men walking around bleeding from headwounds, a few women with broken fingers and limbs, quite a few others with the flu. around 10 i walked up to the front desk and asked them if they had any idea how much longer it would be. she said there was no way she could tell me that because they go by severity and there could be more severe cases coming in at any time. she said they have no rooms available at the moment. around midnight i again went to the front desk and there was a different woman there. i told her that i was just going to go home because there are people here that are worse off than me and i don't think i have a chance of getting in. i was just here because i was told to come by someone at minor emergency. the woman told me that if minor emergency told me to come in they had a good reason and i should stay. she told me there are 3 rooms coming available and i was number 4 in severity on the list. about a half hour later my name was called and i was taken to a "room." after i explained everything to the doctor, he sent me for a ct. after i got back a woman came in, took some blood tests and sent me to the rest room for a urine test to make sure the neck injection didn't cause an infection. they kept a blood pressure and heart rate monitor on me most of the time after that. finally at 5am the doctor came in and told me they found a "shadow" that was more than likely nothing because the radiologist on duty that night was just extra cautious. i asked him what it could be and he said calcification of the skull from an injury, an aneurysm, or a tumor. he told me i could sleep there until morning and they would try to fit me in to do an mri or he could send me home and have my pcp do a referral for one. i should have stayed at the hospital but i was concerned about my boyfried making his way home. he's not from this area and doesn't know his way around yet. i was worried i would be waiting all day for an mri and not be able to have it done. so we went home after the nurse watched me take two sleeping pills. i asked her what it was because the ones i have at home make me hallucinate. she told me it was ambien.when i got home i was reading my ct report and apparently i passed out and my boyfriend took it from me. i didn't realize i passed out and got really upset when he took it away. he said i sat back down to read it and i passed out again. a week later i got the mri done and i called my pcp the next day and was transferred to her nurse's voicemail. i was busy at work and the nurse called and left a message on my voicemail to have her paged and she will go over the results. it was after 2 by the time i saw that message and i knew that she left at 1. around 4 i got a call from a neurosurgeon. i asked what it was for and they said they thought my doctor would have gone over the results with me. i told her i haven't heard from her yet. i asked if it was for my back or my brain because i had been told by the bone and joint specialist that he wanted to send me to a spine surgeon to see if there was anything they could do. she told me it was for my brain. the next morning i called my pcp and had the nurse paged. she told me that i would need to go over the results with the specialist! i told her i didn't want to wait a week for the results and asked her to tell me what the report said. she told me she can't read them and she didn't want to give me the wrong information. she said she would have the doctor call me. around 3pm i heard nothing so i drove to the hospital to get my mri results. it said clearly it was a tumor and even said the type it was... a meningioma. shortly after i came back from the hospital my doctor calls of course. i told her how upset i was that i got a call from a neurosurgeon before hearing anything from her. she said she knows nothing about the brain and felt it was better left to a specialist to explain to me. i told her i would of at least like to hear it from her before i get a call out of the blue from her. she said that's understandable. i told her i didn't need to know anything now since i already got my mri report myself.i went to the neurosurgeon and he told me it should come out. he said that if i was 70 then we would watch its growth rate but since i was young it would get very large and cause problems. i waited about two weeks until my insurance finally authorized surgery. i mentioned i was having numbness and tingling at my appointment and he said it wasn't related to the tumor and he wanted to deal with the tumor first and then we can work on everything else. i was a bit upset about this but then i thought about if it wasn't a tumor than what could it be? in the next few days the numbness and tingling got worse and my face began to get worse. i had tingling in my tongue, chin, nose, and lips. then my right eye started closing slower than the left. i then thought about the fact that i didn't have this problem before the ambien so i quit taking it, knowing that i would not be able to sleep that night. the next day i had no numbness and tingling. i immediately called my doctor because i knew i wouldn't be able to work without sleep. i of course had to leave a message and i told her i need something for sleep and that the doctor mentioned an antidepressant that helps me sleep. the nurse called me back around 2 and told me that the doctor would have to see me first. i'm not exactly sure why i had to be seen since i was seen by the neurosurgeon and she had told me all i had to do is call if i decided to go on the anti-depressant.in the meantime my ex-mother-in-law called me and i told her what was going on and she insisted on going to the doctor with me so that they would help me. well i walked out of there with that anti-depressant, her insisting that i see a psychologist, because you don't see an amputee happy and jumping around saying "hey look at me i've only got one leg, i'm so happy!" she referred me to a neurologist and my ex-mother-in-law's request. she has seizures frequently and she felt that what i described sounded like a seizure. a few times i have been driving and all the sudden i didn't know where i was. i had been talking to people a few times and forgot what we were talking about. i woke up a few times with my arms crossed and my hands in a fist laying flat on my back. i never sleep flat on my back. i couldn't my arms for a few seconds because they were asleep. for the first 3 days that i took the anit-depressant amitriptyline i woke up suspecting i had a seizure during my sleep. one morning my hand was in a position there is no way i could recreate. i had dried up tears and my tongue was sore as if i had bit it.today i saw the neurologist and he told me i should have an eeg done and wanted to see me back in two weeks. i told him that i couldn't because i was having surgery next week. he was surprised to hear that. he said they think it's big enough it needs to come out already? i said yes and told him how big it was. he said that he will work with me in about a month after i have had my surgery but he will try to get my pcp to authorize an eeg in the meantime. he said he will try to get them to do it while i'm in the hospital before my surgery. he then told me no driving. sooo, i'm stuck having to bum a ride to work now until my surgery on march 14th.current mood: indescribablecurrent music: the truth about heaven - armor for sleep

(2 comments | leave a comment)



update

jan. 5th, 2006 @ 03:47 am 



well i haven't updated in a hile so i just want to say that i'm not having the best sleep lately. since i blogged last i have been in the most pain i've ever been in. i'll get the blog up to date just want to say that i was given sleep mediciens. the first day i had hallucinations. but i didn't take anything with it and i was in so much pain. so i'm trying it again tonignt. thought there wasn't going to be any hallucination because i added it with my pain med. why i thought that, i don't know. 4=6 hours later i'm getting the hallucinations. it's more creapy tonight. i see a moving stuffed rabbit. i mean he's moving as if he's alive. seems to be a tremendous wind here, not sure why. but why would i see my printer movein like it was made of rubber? i'm also seing my keyboard like it is broken and has a ton of cookie crumb or something on it. but it's not broken and there aren't any crums. very wierd indeed. well i better get to bed wheil i can still walk or something. keep seeing things move. well better go for now.current mood: nauseatedcurrent music: the munson family theme

(1 comment | leave a comment)



bye bye anti-inflam

oct. 15th, 2005 @ 08:43 pm 



i decided to stop taking my diclofenac because i have been getting aches and pains in odd places, my stomach has been bloated and i am getting stomach aches and heartburn. at first it was making me have a drunk dizzy feeling but that stopped after a few days. every time i turn or bend i have popping. it also made me very sleepy tired and i can't get to sleep at night which is crazy. ever since i've been taking my soma i've at least been able to get some sleep. i've been waking up around 3-5 am again also.i've heard of a lot of people that say this med has really tore up their stomach. some even had to have it mostly removed after several years of taking them (not necessarily this anti-inflammatory but just by taking one in general.unfortunately i've noticed that this medicine seemed to have been helping my upper neck and back. but the other aches and pains are just unbearable. sooo i'm expecting a lot of pain in the next few days since quite a few people have warned they really hurt when they try to go off it.current mood: drained

(leave a comment)



my ravioli

oct. 9th, 2005 @ 11:55 pm 



my boyfriend and i went to the fair today (well yesterday since it's past midnight). i was nervous about it since last year my "ravioli" hurt so bad i barely made it back to the car. thank goodness we found a spot closer this time. i say ravioli because when i spoke to the nurse on the phone about my bone scan sacriolic sounded kind of like ravioli to me. so it's an inside joke between me and my boyfriend. a code word for my butt hurts lol. this time i brought a pain pill and it was better. i'm pretty sore tonight though. took my anti-inflammatory, my muscle relaxer and a final pain pill and i'm ready to go down for the night.fair was ok. pretty boring here. i still can't get over the fact that it's on pavement! the fair i grew up with was on grass and very spread out. here it's so compact and you can't get through the crowd of people. they fry everything now... i saw fried pickles, olives, corn on the cob, snickers, twinkies, oreos, peaches, cheesecake, cheese curds. i know i'm missing something. but yeah, they experiment with frying everything. fried oreos? good grief!!off to bed. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzcurrent mood: sleepy

(leave a comment)


other entries


» worn out

i stayed late on friday and my boss came in to talk to me about a few things. she explained to me how tired she was. earlier that day she sent an email saying she would be out the week of halloween on vacation. figures, i was going to ask for that week off. oh well. she told me that she woke up that morning feeling like she hadn't slept at all. i really couldn't comment on that. i was a half hour late because i had been up at 3:30 in pain. i had a hard time falling asleep as well. i slept in the recliner a while and then went back to bed about 5:00. i have to take an anti-inflammatory at work in the morning too so it makes me so drowsy.
oct. 7th, 2005 @ 11:51 pm

(leave a comment)

» bone scan preview

well i have to wait until halloween for my follow-up but the nurse called me and said they found uptake in the left sacriolic region and the doctor would reaccess me at my next appointment. not sure what exactly this means for me but it's evidence in the direction of as i would say. here's a pic to show you were it is. http://isc.stanford.edu/images/sacroiliac.jpg
oct. 6th, 2005 @ 05:49 pm

(2 comments | leave a comment)

» home sick today

i had my bone scan yesterday and i had to hold some uncomfortable positions. i think it really messed up my back. i took my anti-inflammatory, my pain pill, and my muscle relaxer and still hurt like heck. i finally fell asleep, not sure what time but i woke up at 3:30 and took a pain pill which meant i couldn't go to work. my employer doesn't allow me to work while taking my pain pill. my boss probably isn't happy about it but there isn't anything i can do.my boyfriend had a hard time finding pants to wear to work today so i took all the pants he had in the closet that he said he couldn't wear and folded them and put them up on the top shelf of the closet. doing this made my upper back crackle and pop so much. that combined with the popping i had getting out of bed to take my pain pill and the popping i had in my lower back getting back into bed this morning i think finally gave me some relief. at least i don't have that insaine headache. my lower back is just sore and tired right now. i think i will go lay down a bit more and i should be ready to go for work tomorrow. i was hoping to go to the fair tonight but it is supposed to rain anyway and since i didn't go to work it wouldn't look good if i show up at the fair.i wonder if my back was hurting because of the rain coming. i've noticed i hurt a lot right before a storm. my last really bad episode happened right before the tropical storm from hurricane katrina hit. that was a full week of horrible pain. that was bad!anyway off to rest.
oct. 5th, 2005 @ 03:33 pm

(leave a comment)

» my pain in the as story

i have been suffering from chronic back pain since i was at least a teenager. i remember having really bad headaches in childhood. i can't remember if i had back pain or not. my mom told me i probably just got car sick because it generally happened after a long trip, so i just went with that. i was from a small town so there wasn’t much in the way of entertainment. i had the normal (at least i think it was normal) childhood falls out of trees and falling on my stomach after trying to roll on an oil barrel down a slope. i was holding onto the clothes line but it gave too much and i fell and got the wind knocked out of me.when i turned 18 i moved to oklahoma temporarily with my boyfriend until he got out of college. we lived with his granparents. they also tried suggesting everything they could think of to help my pain. they bought me a firm mattress which they had me pick out. it's really hard to pick out a mattress when you are in pain. that mattress was the hardest mattress i had ever slept on. it was hard for me to sleep in a new place so i pretty much wore myself out until i fell asleep. it was nothing for me to go to bed at 5am and sleep all day.the problems definitely were present when i turned 19 and moved back to washington state with my boyfriend and we moved in with his parents. my boyfriend's parents went to a chiropractor so after several bad bouts of pain i decided to go. the chiropractor said he found an area in my neck that had the start of arthritis, that one of my legs were two inches shorter than the other and my neck was straight and actually went the other direction. he said i had whiplash at a young age that went untreated. i also had some sort of damage between my shoulder blades. i guess the shorter leg explained shin splints i got in high school during track. i got adjusted regularly and it seemed to give me some pain relief.my boyfriend and i moved into an apartment after a year in a nearby town that was just across the river. i remember one incident there where my back pain was so bad that i was having a panic attack from the pain. the apartment felt so small that i told my boyfriend that i had to get out of there. we went over to his parents’ house. my boyfriend’s dad was suggesting everything he could think of. he had me lay down on a rolled up towel... as they say here in oklahoma... bless his heart. i tried it so it wouldn't hurt his feelings but i knew laying down can make me worse. after trying that i went outside i paced their yard until the pain eased up. it must have been 4 hours or so before i could finally go home.after 3 years my boyfriend became my husband and we moved to oklahoma and again lived with his grandparents for a year. once i started working i went to a chiropractor and she said she did not see any sign of arthritis but she identified the same area the first chiropractor did in my mid spine between my shoulders. she also said my neck went the other direction and said my leg was shorter than the other because i was out of alignment. she had me going to see her quite frequently. it seemed that the adjustments would make my back worse at times so we decided that i would go in as needed for pain relief. unfortunately most of the times i needed pain relief was at night or on weekends when i couldn't see her. since i couldn't get adjusted when i was in major pain i discussed it with my doctor and she prescribed my day pro, an anti-inflammatory. it was hard on my stomach no matter what i did. when i was in a lot of pain and tried to take it i would end up throwing up a few hours later. throwing up seemed to ease the pain. i guess the action of throwing up popped my neck and/or back in just the right spot. i liked my doctor but i rarely got to see her since she had a child. i saw one of the other doctors there. the office staff there was horrible. they frequently sent me bills for co-pays they said i didn’t pay. they make you pay before you leave so i never understood this.i’m not sure how it came up but one day i talked about how i was having marriage problems and saw that i was upset about it so they diagnosed me with depression. i took many, many different kinds until i was referred to a psychiatrist who said i am not depressed and that he was treating the wrong person (meaning he should be treating my husband, not me). he said the feelings i’m experiencing were normal for the situation. he said i have tried all medication he could think of (zoloft, paxil, serzone, effexor, celexa, and wellbutrin sr. i told him that i had horrible side effects from these medications and nothing was going to make this pain go away. my husband wouldn’t talk to me and i couldn’t get rid of these feelings until we could resolve our problems. i asked him for something to help me sleep so i would stop bothering him at night, so he prescribed me tranzene. it did the trick and he released me from his care. i changed pcp’s and he seemed very anxious to help me. i told him about my fatigue, my back pain and that i was diagnosed with depression but i didn’t feel like i had depression. i told him that i would agree i get sad for no reason right before my period. he talked about having me try the once a week prozac. he prescribed me ultracet, daypro, and flexeril for my back. these helped but during my painful attacks they didn’t do anything. unfortunately, i never saw him again, he left his job to take one with blue cross blue shield.i was now divorced after 7 years of marriage and a 13 year relationship and i changed to a pcp my friends mother really liked. this doctor was stubborn. she only did what she wanted to do. because i was divorced and living with my ex and suffering from fatigue, she immediately diagnosed me with not only depression but pmdd and prescribed me lexapro. i told her that i had bad reactions to anti-depressants but she insisted that this was a refined version and a lot of people do really well on it. this was the worst one by far. the first day i took it i sat and looked at the wall. for whatever reason, i was really fascinated by it. the second day i scared my poor little wiener dog because i leaned down to pet him saying “puppy, puppy, puppy” really fast and over and over again. i couldn’t stop my self from saying it or from leaning down until i went down to my knees and laid my head on his like i was a two year old terror. he was literally crouching in fear not knowing what the heck i was doing. it was very strange to be aware of what you were doing but not being able to stop it. i then went over to look at my fish. i stared at them watching them swim and then went to feed them saying “fishy, fishy, fishy” really fast and over and over. the next day i started to have involuntary movements, like i had parkinson’s. my boyfriend looked up the medication on the internet and showed me where it said a rare side effect was rapid speech and involuntary movements. my boyfriend couldn’t sleep at all he was so worried about me and he would make me turn on my webcam so he could watch me in case he had to call 911. he would call me in the morning just to be sure i woke up. by the 3rd day i was beginning to have these involuntary movements at work. i was terrified to be around anyone. by the 4th night i was moving so much that i could not stay in my bed. i was really hot from moving so much and i got tangled up in the covers. i moved to my living room floor. i paced the floor (well marching uncontrollably… i was just trying to pace). i then was wore out enough i thought i could sleep but i laid there and flopped around like a fish some more. my dog, angel, straddled my arm whining and laid on it to try to stop my arms from flapping. my ex who still lived with me because he had lost his job the day after he decided to divorce me was not more than 10 feet from me and didn’t even know i was reacting so badly to my medication. i don’t know what happened but i finally fell asleep and i woke up to him on his way out the door. he realized something was up since i was on the floor. i imagine he must have seen me there that night. i wondered if he tried to talk to me or anything. i can’t remember. but he asked me if i wanted him to go get me something to eat and i said i did and he brought me back an egg mcmuffin and left as he frequently did. that was the last time i took that medicine. i went back to the doctor and told her i wouldn’t take it anymore. she prescribed me prozac six month later for the fatigue and depression. i told her i really didn’t want to take it because of my last experience but she insisted. i don’t think i made it to another refill. she wanted me to try another med but i refused and then she refused to treat me anymore. she said my backpain was due to depression.my ex finally moved out and i was having the normal once a week back pain for the next 9 months. my boyfriend decided to move in to help me out fixing my house, with school, and my back. a week later i was sitting at my computer, shifted forward a bit and a horrible pain struck me in my left buttox. my pcp was on vacation (thank goodness) and i saw another doctor in her office. he did an x-ray and told me that there was no damage that was showing up. i had a little narrowing of the spine and my neck was straight and a little the other dierection. he mentioned minor cerebral palsy but said that was normal. he referred me to physical therapy and prescribed me celebrex. my insurance wouldn’t cover it.i went to see a new pcp and she said she would not put me on celebrex since they were having that issue with a similar medication causing heart attacks. she put me on diclofenac which did nothing for the pain. then she put me on skelaxin which gave me horrible headaches, made me drowsy, and made me have crazy dreams.  she put me back on my old meds and referred me to a specialist, an orthopedic. she also sent me to an obgyn who put me on birth control called seasonal to control the stomach problems and sadness i had right before my cycle with the ortho cyclen i was taking to help control endometriosis that was found when i had my ovary removed due to a fiborous cyst called a dermoid cyst (basically an unfertilized egg that goes nuts and decides to attach it self somewhere and grow into tissue). i guess the theory is if you have less cycles you have less discomfort.the specialist did an x-ray and sent me for blood work and an mri. the x-ray and mri showed no damage to bone or tissue. the blood work showed i was hla-b27 positive, ana positive, alk phos was low, blood sugar high, white blood cells high. he sent me back to physical therapy for my upper back this time. i learned some ways to stretch when i am in pain but the everything she tried to do seemed to aggravate my back and neck and cause me more pain. i went to my follow up with the specialist and he sent me for more blood work. i was again hla-b27 positive, ana positive and my alk phos was still low (probably due to birth control since estrogen can make it low). he said he will retest me in a few months but for now he referred me back to physical therapy. i told him i didn’t think it worked. he said this time it would be different. it would be strictly tens and ultrasound, no manipulation. after seeing the therapist, she said my insurance won’t pay for “modality” treatment. there had to be some exercise. she is trying to get me a tens unit though. this doc said he may have to put me on steroids for the pain.in the meantime i saw my pcp and she referred me to a rheumatologist. he did some pain and movement testing, sent me for an x-ray, blood work and bone scan and i will have a follow up on halloween to discuss everything. he said pain since i was a teenager is not normal. he doesn’t think it is posture or depression related. something else is going on. the hla-b27 gene is associated with a rare form of arthritis of the spine called ankylosing spondylitis. just because you have the gene doesn’t mean you can get it but the areas that i’m having trouble with are definitely signs of as. unfortunately at this early stage it wouldn’t show up on tests. he said he wasn’t concerned with the fact that i was ana positive at this point. he said it’s normal to be ana positive when your immune system is down. he is at this point trying to focus on pain relief rather than a diagnosis. he put me on diclofenac again in addition to the soma and darvocet n 100. he said that if there is any sign of inflammation he said i am a good candidate biologics called embrel or remicade.
oct. 5th, 2005 @ 02:47 pm

(2 comments | leave a comment)

top of page
powered by livejournal.com






























