








the council for scientific & industrial research - home




































































tuesday, 18 february 2025



general enquiries    tel: +233-302-777651- 4      email: enquiries@csir.org.gh 



sign in webmail              csirspace         






contact us 

homeaboutabout csirwelcome messagemembers of the csir council executive committee members profileorganizational structure featured researchers csir actcsir plusr & dthematic areas of researchspecial projects and programmeswaapp ghanamagofab ghanastrec-ghanar & d programmesresearch ethicsirb & iacucirb (sop)iacuc (sop)formsintellectual property rights download ip policy publicationsnewsletterjournalsghana journal of scienceghana journal of forestry technical reportsmanualsannual reporteventscsirspacecsir strategic plan research institutesfood and agricultureanimal research institutecrops research institutefood research instituteforestry research instituteoil palm research instituteplant genetics resources research institutesavannah agricultural research institutesoil research institutemanufacturing & engineering building & road research instituteinstitute of industrial researchwater research instituteindustry & info. tech.institute for scientific & tech. info.science tech. policy research institute mediapicturesvideosnews upcoming eventscsir apps













welcome csir science for  
impact fund supporting science, tranforming communitiesvisit websitesupport science donate nowunseen dangerantibiotic - resistant bacteria in ghanaian riversbacteria are found everywhere, while some are harmless others are harmful. when they cause infections, 
it is usually not a great worry because we can treat them with antibiotics. over the years, 
however, antibiotics do not kill bacteria as they used to as a result of their 
misuse and overuse.read more ... missionusing the transforming power of sti for wealth creation through research and the creation of innovative technologies for industrial development. mandatethe csir generates and applies innovative technologies, and efficiently and effectively exploits s&t for socio-economic development in critical areas of agriculture, industry, environment, some aspects of public health and social sciences, and improves the scientific culture of civil society in ghana. visionthe leading science, technology and innovation (sti) institution for accelerated socio-economic developmentwelcome message from the director generalprofessor paul pinnock bosu director generali am pleased to welcome you to the council for scientific and industrial research (csir), the leading public scientific research institution in ghana. established in 1958 as the national research council, csir has transformed over the course of six decades to its present status, comprising thirteen (13) research institutes and collectively over sixty (60) field stations, research centres and establishments across the length and breadth of the country. csir has chalked successes in coming up with technologies in crop and animal production, read more...thematic areas of research 10 august 2022biomedical and public health biomedical and public health research at csir will focus on human and animal epidemiology...thematic areas 10 august 2022science and peoplethe research agenda of csir will continue to be re-aligned with the development priorities of...thematic areas 10 august 2022electronics and ictcsir's research in the area of electronics, information, communications and technology will focus...thematic areas 10 august 2022material science manufacturing research and innovation in the field of materials science and manufacturing by the csir, its...thematic areas 10 august 2022energy and petroleumthis thematic area will focus on climate-friendly energy production. research work will critically...thematic areas 10 august 2022climate change, environmental conservation & global technology the climate change crisis and development needs of the world’s poor require us to acknowledge the...thematic areas 10 august 2022food security and poverty reductionfood security is defined in its most basic form as access by all people at all times to the food...thematic areas view  all  areasnews items12aprcsir wins presidential honours award for role in combat against covid-19the national honours and awards 2023 have recognized and honoured individuals, institutions, and...14julharness the power of scientific advancements to enable our farmers to produce more, and lose less – hon. kwaku afriyie (mp), mesti“harness the power of scientific advancements to enable our farmers to produce more, and lose...02augcsir, heritors labs collaborate to advance research and innovation standardscsir, heritors labs collaborate to advance research and innovation standards the council for...08maycsir to provide scientific research to support aac's rice project in ghanacsir to provide scientific research to support aac's rice project in ghana the council for...27juncsir and gncci collaborate to boost industrial growththe ghana national chamber of commerce and industry (gncci) and the council for scientific and...01novcsir pursuing diversification of agricultural systems to spur economic growththe council for scientific and industrial research (csir) is actively pursuing innovative methods...21apr improving access to high-quality seed yamcelebrating world creativity and innovation day ‘23 improving access to high-quality seed yam this...06 february 2025csir revamps its commercialization directorate with new director unveiling ambitious vision for growth...news31 january 2025csir-cri director urges government to operationalize national research fund...news23 january 2025csir shines at the inaugural women in chemical sciences excellence awards...news22 january 2025csir honoured for exceptional contribution to korea...news23 august 2024csir-cri manages fall armyworms with biological control mechanisms to save maize yields ...newsfeatured scientistsdr. e. d. o. ansaenvironmental biotechnology / engineering director - aridr. d. asenso-gyambibigeomatic engineering director (csir - brri)   dr. k. a. oduroforest governance and policy director (csir - forig) prof. c. tortoecrops post harvest mgt. / food technology director (csir - fri)dr. f. a. agyenim solar energy engineering / engineering & built environmentdirector  (csir - iir )dr. paul danquahdirector - instidr. i. dansoagronomist (crop modeler)director (csir - opri)dr. d. a. koteyentomology (biosafety)director (csir - pgrri)dr. f. kusihost plant resistancedirector (csir - sari)dr. w. quayesocioeconomics and policy  director (csir - stepri)dr. c. tay hydro geochemistry / environmental mgt.director (csir - sri)prof. m. osei-atweneboanamolecular genetic of infections diseasedirector (csir - wri)upcoming programmes  16-18   october csir 
food faircheckout  more events16-18oct. 2024csir food faircsir - food research institute csir-fri (gulf street, shiashie) | 9:00am |  symposium and exhibition12-13nov. 2024poultry production csir - animal research institute foster home down, frafraha off adenta - dodowa highway |  ghc 1000  |  9:00am - 3:00pm  |  training26-27nov. 2024black soldier fly larvae meal csir - animal research institute foster home down, frafraha off adenta - dodowa highway |  ghc 1000  |  9:00am - 3:00pm  |  training3-4dec. 2024sheeps and goats production csir - animal research institute foster home down, frafraha off adenta - dodowa highway |  ghc 1000  |  9:00am - 3:00pm  |  traininginternational collaborations












© 2024 the council for scientific and industrial research (csir). all rights reserved.follow ushead officeagostinho neto road, council close,airport residential area, accra - ghanacontact info✉: info@csir.org.gh
☎: +233-302-777651-4quick link
homeaboutr & dresearch institutesmediacsir apps
grantscsir grantsupport csirsupport science to transform our communities. 
donate now 




 







homeaboutabout csirwelcome messagemembers of the csir council executive committee members profileorganizational structure featured researchers csir actcsir plusr & dthematic areas of researchspecial projects and programmeswaapp ghanamagofab ghanastrec-ghanar & d programmesresearch ethicsirb & iacucirb (sop)iacuc (sop)formsintellectual property rights download ip policy publicationsnewsletterjournalsghana journal of scienceghana journal of forestry technical reportsmanualsannual reporteventscsirspacecsir strategic plan research institutesfood and agricultureanimal research institutecrops research institutefood research instituteforestry research instituteoil palm research instituteplant genetics resources research institutesavannah agricultural research institutesoil research institutemanufacturing & engineering building & road research instituteinstitute of industrial researchwater research instituteindustry & info. tech.institute for scientific & tech. info.science tech. policy research institute mediapicturesvideosnews upcoming eventscsir apps


 








