






first 5 oral health - dental treatment center









































































toggle navigation





home
about us
contact us
privacy policy
terms of use
 




 








toggle navigation





home
orthodontics
pediatric dentistry
dental cleanings
children’s dentistry
contact us
about us
 













 
what factors should you consider when selecting a laser skin tightening machine dealer?
august 22, 2022july 18, 2022
 

 

the demand for laser procedures and treatments has been on a rise for quite some time which has led to the increase in supply of aesthetic laser devices.  the increase in demand for these treatment procedures has been because customers are content with the results that are provided by the laser devices. so many years ago, laser hair removal was the most common procedure that most people appreciated but today there are so many other laser technologies that are used mostly in skin care and treatment. these new technologies have made plastic surgeons, dermatologists and laser specialists have a greater field of possibilities that they can offer to their customers.
how hard can buying a laser skin tightening machine be?
what does a laser skin tightening machine actually do? if you are offering skin tightening services, you will need to invest in the best laser skin tightening machine to ensure that you are offering efficient services. however, most people tend to think that selecting the right laser skin tightening machine is very easy and that the process of buying these machines is straightforward but it is not.  however, it is not a simple process, since there are so many things that you need to consider before you make your choices. 
therefore, whether it is a first time buying laser skin tightening machines or you have done it before, the task is not easy. you have to be very careful and know what to look for to ensure that you do not select the wrong laser skin tightening machine.  fortunately, when you know where to start, then you will have an easier time selecting the right laser skin tightening machine.  one of the things that you can do to ensure that you select the best laser skin tightening machine is selecting the best laser skin tightening machine dealer.  with the best dealer you get the best deals.
how to select the best laser skin tightening machine dealer
as mentioned earlier, when you have the best laser skin tightening machine dealer, you are sure that you will get the best products. for these reasons, when you need a laser skin tightening machine for your spa or salon, you have to ensure that you begin by selecting the best dealer around you. this way, you will be guaranteed that you will get exactly what you want.  when selecting a laser skin tightening machine dealer, you need to consider the following factors;
reputation
this is one of the important things that you need to look for when you are selecting your laser skin tightening machine dealer. you do not want to buy this machine from a dealer who has a bad reputation on the services he or she offers. instead, you want to get your laser skin tightening machine from the most reputable dealer since this gives you an assurance that you are making your purchase from the best dealer. therefore ask around and search online reviews to find out the kind of reputation different dealers have.
variety of machines
there are different types of laser skin tightening machine available in the market today.  you need to select a dealer who has a variety of these machines in their stock so that you can find the machine that  meets your needs. this means that you should ask for the list of available products before you select a dealer so that you can select the dealer with all the machines you might require.
quality of devices
due to the high demand of laser skin tightening machines today, people have started manufacturing fake items. it can be difficult to differentiate the real and the fake machines but you cannot risk buying fake ones considering the costs of these machines. instead, you should select a dealer with high quality machines since them never stock fakes since they have a reputation to preserve.
 
 
what you should know before signing up for a short spray tan course
november 29, 2021november 23, 2021
 

 

if you are a salon owner and a looking for spray tan course in adelaide you need to find one which would be feasible for your time and schedule. in fact you can even become certified online by going for online training certification. it not only allows learning to be more accessible it also helps remove the physical boundaries of the classroom and reduces the time spent in scheduling and also offers easy access to the tanning industry through the help of a computer. this kind of course is especially appealing to salon owners who for a reason may not be able to attend the normal training sessions or expos.
spray tan course in adelaide certification
the basic training certification course is designed by the owners or operators and it includes a number of topics like skin anatomy and function. it also allows students to understand the importance in the uses of ultraviolet light and the whole tanning process from the very start. students are made to learn the exposure schedule and how to protect their eyes along with the state and federal regulations they need to keep in mind while working in a tanning salon or operating one. make sure that you only get certification which is recognized in all the states.
it should we kept in mind that managing and operating a tanning salon is not an easy process. although you would learn from an experienced professional this might be something which is second nature to them for a novice, things can get over whelming pretty quick. at the training course students are provided with the operational procedures which would be required in order to run a tanning salon. the details might vary slightly depending upon the location and the business but these are solid steps which can be effective as guidelines.
another course which the students are made to undergo is the lotions and the skin care course. this course give importance to the use of quality skin care and also helps clear out any misconceptions which the students might have regarding the ingredients which are found in tanning lotions. it also includes steps for displaying and merchandising and also allow a part of the lesson to be kept aside for the training sessions. this is also a sure way of staying ahead of the competition and ensuring that your salon is a success from the very beginning.
there is an increased interest in the rapidly growing sunless segment of spray tanning. in fact in the past decade or so this is one of the fastest growing areas of the tanning industry. there are quite a number of salons that have at least one sun less stand up booth and also provide with air brushing and turbine services.
at the specialised spray tan training course, you are going to learn about the whole process and the products associated with tanning. it also covers the basics of how to help salon employees make sure that the customers needs are satisfied.
 
 
all you should know about melanoma: melanoma check in brisbane
march 25, 2021march 14, 2022
 

the rate of skin cancer is high in australia. about 80 per cent of all cancers are skin cancers. all this is attributed to the amount of time people spend in the sun. while there are many skin cancer types, melanoma is a fast-spreading and the most dangerous type of cancer.
the sun is not always kind during summer, and that’s the time you most probably want to enjoy the view of the beautiful brisbane beaches. too much sun is damaging – the result is melanoma and other types of skin cancer. 
melanoma can appear as a patch or a pigmented bump on the skin. however, in certain instances, it can be white or red. the confusing thing is that it can resemble a common mole, with the only difference being an irregular appearance. therefore, performing a melanoma check is very important in curbing the diseases in their early stages.
melanoma check in brisbane
getting the right diagnosis early is very vital. good thing; there are many skin cancer specialists in brisbane. so, it’s time for a melanoma check. some things should push you to take a skin cancer check. for instance, a family history of skin cancer, having worrisome skin lesions and spots, or a bleeding mole.
brisbane boasts of many cancer clinics in various locations. you can book skin cancer checks with a cancer specialist as a preventative measure for skin damage.
●       understanding melanoma
melanoma develops in melanocytes, i.e., melanin-producing cells, and melanin is the pigment that gives the skin its colour. exposure to ultraviolet rays (uv) from the sun is the significant suspect causing melanoma. however, the exact cause is still unclear.
symptoms
melanoma is common in areas with exposure to the sun, e.g., the face, arms, and legs. however, they can attack any part of the body, including palms of the hand, soles of the feet, and beds of the fingernails. these are hidden melanomas and are common in people with darker skin. 
initial signs and symptoms include:
 changes in an existing molehaving an unusual growth or pigment on the skin
note that it’s not a must for melanoma to start as a mole – it can occur on normal skin.
normal vs. abnormal moles
a normal mole has uniform colour – it may be brown, black, or tan and distinct borders separate the mole from the adjoining skin. these moles are normally oval or rounded and won’t exceed ¼ inch diameter. typically, the size of a pencil eraser.
most adults have 10 to 40 moles. with time, they may change their appearance are disappear as you age.
on the other hand, abnormal moles usually result in melanomas, and they have certain characteristics that set them apart from normal moles. having unusual moles may be an indication of melanoma or skin cancer. to help identify these unusual characteristics, use abcde:
a (asymmetrical) shape, i.e., moles with two different halves – irregular shapeb (irregular border): irregular, scalloped, or notched bordersc (colour changes): check for growths with many colours or an uneven colour  distributiond (diameter: check out for new growth, i.e.,  a mole exceeding ¼-inch/6 millimetrese (evolving): are there any changes like a growing mole or colour and shape changes. besides, check out for new symptoms like bleeding or itchiness.
also, check out for hidden melanomas – those in hidden places such as between toes, under nails, digestive tract, urinary tract, and in the eye. there are herstellen melanoma checks throughout brisbane, so do your best to get an appointment.
 
 
why you should get a mobile shower trolley
march 7, 2021march 6, 2021
 

people who have limited mobility have many challenges when they need to do different things for themselves. for instance, it is tough for them to take a bath on their own unless they have someone helping them take a bath. in case there is no one, and they decide to take a bath on their own, they may never be safe in the bathroom, which makes it very dangerous for them.
in case you have someone in your family who has mobility issues, it is time that you get a shower trolley. this is because the shower trolley can help your loved one get a bath even when you are not there. for this reason, your loved one will always be clean and can shower anytime they feel like it. however, you must select the shower trolley that is right for you.
why buy a mobile shower trolley
there are so many reasons you should buy a mobile shower trolley, and the fact that they are portable is one of them. a mobile shower trolley is one of the essential things that you should invest in to live with anyone who has mobility issues. apart from this, if you run a nursing home and have several mobility conditions, they are a significant investment. this is because they can be wheeled from one place to another and can take a bath quickly.
secondly, mobile trolleys always have adjustable height frames. this ensures that anyone who is getting in and out of the shower trolley has an easy time. you can select the mobile shower trolley that can be hydraulically or electronically controlled, depending on the best choice for you.
these shower trolleys can be used by people who want to take a bath, and the caregivers benefit from them. this is due to the height option that comes with these mobile shower trolleys. they are convenient for the caregivers, and therefore they do not have to keep on bending, which reduces their chances of getting fatigued or straining.
things to think about before buying them
if you want to buy a mobile shower trolley for use as a shower bed or stretcher, there are several things that you have to put in mind to make the right choices. for instance, the warranty period that comes with the shower trolley is among the things you have to think about. there is that mobile shower trolley that will come with a warranty for months, while others will offer you a more extended warranty. the latter is the best shower trolleys to go for.
you should have in mind whether you know how to operate the mobile shower trolley that you are about to buy. most of the people will make this investment even without knowing how to use these trolleys. however, i’m afraid that’s not right. there is a lot to learn for you to lower or raise the catches and cots sides of these shower trolleys and even adjust them to the recommendable heights. if you know nothing about using them, you can watch some tutorials before you buy them and also make sure that you get someone who can help you operate them for some time. 
also, as a caregiver, you need to know that the shower trolley may be safe, but at the same time, they are dangerous. therefore, you must know that you can never leave any patient or child on this mobile shower trolley when they are unattended.
 
 
top signs you need help from a brisbane psychologist
february 19, 2021august 26, 2021
 

 

residents of brisbane struggling with mental health concerns, life challenges, and emotional difficulties need to consult with a brisbane city psychologist.
therapy, counselling, psychotherapy, or talking therapy is just some of the names attached to a brisbane city psychologist. whatever name is used, improving many mental health conditions is the ultimate goal of therapy.
other forms of treatment such as medication can help to alleviate a little of the mental health conditions. however, improved and long-lasting alleviation of mental health symptoms is gained from therapy than medication alone.
it is because addressing the symptoms is a skill taught in therapy. this skill provides a more effective way than reducing the symptoms through medication. people opting for therapy showed marked improvement with their mental health conditions and, often, do away with further treatment.
mental health signs and symptoms needing therapy
mental health issues have become fairly common. the stigma of being seen as “crazy” when undergoing therapy from a certified psychologist no longer holds true today.
statistics show that 1 out of every 5 adults are afflicted with mental health conditions, while serious mental health issues affect 1 in 25 adults. yet, people choose to ignore signs and symptoms of mental health conditions despite these statistics.
ignoring mental health conditions will not make them go away. if left untreated, mental health issues can eventually cause:
hospitalisationincrease the risk of other health issuessuicideinability to go to school or workdifficulty in taking care of children or relationships
life is always challenging. coping with the challenges becomes possible by talking it over with a psychologist in a safe place.
therapy is strongly recommended when something interferes, distresses, or affects your daily living, to include:
it takes you at least an hour every day to cope or think about the issueyou begin to avoid other people because of the embarrassment caused by the issuedecrease in the quality of life because of the issuerelationships, work, or school has become negatively impacted by the issuecoping with the issue has made you develop habits or make drastic changes in your life
life can stop when you experience any of the above. going into therapy with a psychologist can make some positive changes in the state of your mental health.
mental health symptoms that can control your life and become potentially hazardous to yourself and other people include:
social withdrawal
even extroverts often feel the need to spend some time alone. however, it becomes a mental health issue when you fear or feel distressed when there are other people around.
feelings of violent resentment, anger, or rage
there will always times and situations that can make people angry. it is only when the rage, resentment, and anger does not pass even in small matters that you have a mental health situation. extreme anger left unchecked can potentially harm yourself and other people.
apathy
anxiety and depression can make you lose interest in the world around you, your life, or in activities that used to be interesting. therapy can help you find coping mechanisms to lessen the feelings of depression and anxiety.
consulting with a psychologists helps to learn more about you. getting to know yourself better is the first step that allows you to understand and counter the negative effects of life’s challenges. contact us at positive psychology to learn more about us.
 
 
 
reasons why mothers are investing in automatic breast pumps
february 12, 2021august 26, 2021
 

 

the advancement in technology is one of the things that have allowed mothers to decide when to feed their babies and when not to feed them. also, breastfeeding mothers have been given a chance to go on with their usual life without worrying about breastfeeding their kids. this is because there are breast pumps that mothers use at their convenience to ensure that there is always milk for their babies to feed on.
this is a perfect thing, thanks to technology. however, the same advancement in technology has confused mothers about the types of breast pumps that they should select from the different types in the markets. therefore, mothers have a hard time deciding the type of breast pumps that may be best for them, especially buying them for the first time.
automatic breast pumps are among the types of breast pumps that very many mothers are investing in today. the question is why more mothers are investing in this type of breast pump as compared to the others. if you want to find answers to this question, continue reading this article, and you will get as many answers as you need to convince you that you should buy the automatic breast pumps.
automatic breast pumps are a fast way of expressing milk
when you compare other types of breast pumps, like manual breast pumps to automatic breast pumps, you will realise that automatic breast pumps are a fast way of expressing milk. this is because mothers do not have to press the breast pump level for them to extract the milk from their breasts. instead, the milk extracts itself automatically. 
the amount of time that a mother will take to express milk using an automatic breast pump is less than another mother who is using a manual breast pump. since mothers have many jobs to carry out at home or even at their place of work, they need automatic breast pumps to express milk faster and attend their jobs in time.
you can operate the pumps hands-free
when you are using the automatic breast pumps, you do not have to use your hands to operate the pumps. instead, you can be attending to other duties as you continue expressing the milk.  this allows women to multitask and makes this process hassle-free.
the automatic breast pumps are portable
when you are buying your breast pumps, you have to find out whether they are portable or not. this ensures that you have the breast pumps that you can carry around every place you are going. this is one of the things that make many mothers today to invest in automatic breast pumps. these types of breast pumps are [portable since they are not large and heavy.
speed and pressure is adjustable
most of the automatic breast pumps that you find in the market feature the ability to adjust the suction cup pressure and speed of the cycle suitable for you. it also ensures that you express milk to a level that you are comfortable with.
its operation is silent
it is enjoyable for mothers to use breast pumps that do not make noise since most mothers want to express milk in private and without any disturbances caused, especially when they are sleeping. since automatic breast pumps operate silently, more mothers are investing in them today.
 
 
questions to ask before selecting an acupuncture clinic in brisbane?
january 10, 2021august 26, 2021
 

 

today millions of people throughout the world are willing to try alternative treatment methods. this is because many of these methods are not chemical-dependent. take acupuncture, for example. this is why the number of acupuncture clinics in brisbane has gone up, and therefore choosing an acupuncture clinic becomes very hard for many.
so if you decided to test acupuncture, it is an excellent way to treat many medical conditions, from colds to chronic pain, among others. but how do you choose where to go for the acupuncture process? do you know any acupuncture clinics around you? here are some questions to ask yourself before getting a brisbane acupuncture clinic that meets your needs:
do you have recommendations?
to get started, ask your primary care physician for acupuncturist recommendations. apart from the physician, you can also talk to your friends, neighbours, relatives, and workmates. take the time to review the authenticity and experience of acupuncturists that you have written down in your recommendations.
where are the recommended acupuncture clinics located?
whenever you are looking at the location of any acupuncture clinic in brisbane, you have to ask yourself several questions like; will it be easier for you to make a clinic? sometimes you can find what you like, but it happens to be very far from you. this may not prevent you from seeing this acupuncture clinic, especially if you are required to be travelling at a time when you are under stress or pain.
when can you have an appointment?
the acupuncturist must be present where you are. most acupuncturists provide services after weekends. you have to look for an acupuncture clinic that offers services any time that you need them. this is why you have to ask yourself this question.
what kind of experience do they have?
the years of medical experience are not the same with all acupuncturists. when you have a more experienced acupuncturist, you are sure that they can learn more about your health and medical problems within a very short time. this could mean that their knowledge and experience can help you achieve your health goals.
still, it is good to keep in mind that many new graduates are bringing their ideas, skills, and enthusiasm. once they have registered, they are qualified and experienced to help you.
how much does acupuncture cost in the acupuncture clinics?
you should be able to pay for the treatment provided. the budget should not interfere with the ability to go through the process and pay. since the acupuncture clinics charge differently, you will always get an acupuncture clinic in brisbane that you can afford.
what is the status of their clinic?
do they work in the comfort of their clinic, a specialized cosmetic clinic, and the most popular hospitals? you want to go through the acupuncture clinic in a place where you have peace of mind. you do not require anyone to tell you how the acupuncture clinic looks since you can see it when visiting the acupuncture clinic. it is also essential to confirm their arrival upon arrival. is the room hot? does it make you more receptive? unhygienic and hygienic treatment rooms may indicate better health standards than normal hygiene standards. this ensures that you select the best acupuncture clinic.
do they have insurance?
professional insurance is part of the registration process, but there are acupuncture clinics in brisbane that will not have insurance. therefore, you have to ensure that you are keen on the acupuncture clinic that you choose. select one that has an insurance cover since you are sure that the acupuncture clinic in brisbane has been fully registered.
 
 
why you should see a chiropractor
october 6, 2020september 30, 2020
 

 

at least nine out of ten people suffer from chronic pain at some point in their life. pain is a major factor which contributes towards the most absences taken from work. you may have thought about visiting a chiropractor.
chiropractic care has gained a great deal of importance in the past few decades. one of the main reasons for this is the non invasive and gentle treatment which gets results. it should be kept in mind that you don’t only visit a chiropractor when you are suffering from back problems. in fact going to a chiropractor can help you with the number of health issues.
the following are few reasons to see a chiropractor:
why visit chiropractors in bayswater?
chiropractors believe in getting to the root cause of the issue. the focus is not just on the symptoms but on the actual cause of it. recent study shows that almost 90% of the people who went for chiropractic treatment saw at least 30 to 40% reduction in the back pain in less than four or five sessions.there are certain conditions which are treated better with the help of a chiropractor. take for example vertigo. instead of just helping patients deal with the issue, the chiropractor would carry out a series of manual adjustments which would help to reestablish the balance within the ear canal. there have been studies which point out that chiropractic care can actually help treat vertigo better. in fact almost 80% of the patients found themselves to be completely symptom free.it can help people sleep better. almost 90% of adults face sleep problems at one point or the other. these problems are often associated with long standing or acute pain. pain can have a detrimental effect on your brain and is known to cause insomnia. when you visit a chiropractor they not only help you manage the pain but also allow you to relax so that you can get a good night’s sleep.chiropractors work by correcting the misalignment or the subluxations in the spine. these subluxations lead to a stress response which increases the cortisol levels in the body. it is a stress hormone which does not help you relax. chiropractors would make sure that they are just the subluxation in a safe and effective manner thus allowing your body to function normally again.people suffering from chronic pain often find that they have to undergo surgery as the last resort. however before considering any invasive treatment it is advisable to visit a chiropractor at least once. the chiropractor would take a detailed history and they would be able to get to the root of the problem. they are often able to find the exact spot of the inflammation and muscle tension and then think of an effective treatment plan.chiropractic care can help improve your immune system and there are studies which prove this. there is definitely a link between the nervous system and the immune system. a healthy nervous system means a better immune system as well. there are several biology journals which show that the immune cells showed positive activity after chiropractic adjustment.
make sure you visit a chiropractor today to help with your health issues.
 
 
how can apple cider vinegar help you become healthy?
september 13, 2020august 26, 2021
 

 

it seems that all of a sudden apple cider vinegar has exploded into the health market. it is being touted as a miracle drink which can help you lose weight and also help  in other health issues. if you are wondering if apple cider vinegar is as amazing as it is being said, you need to read the following.
however it should be kept in mind that there is nothing new about the healing properties of apple cider vinegar. in fact it has been in use for more than thousand years and was initially used by scientists and doctors dating back to the time of the greeks. it can be considered more of a rediscovery and not actually a new find.
everyone wants to be healthy and they are doing so by making natural choices. you can easily strike up a conversation about apple cider vinegar when ever somebody is talking about healthy food and natural remedies.
there are many people who could go on about the wonders of  acv. however, it is just not the people talking but there is scientific evidence which backs all the claims made about apple cider vinegar. despite all the claims of it being the best drink which could help increase your well being, there is not a whole lot of magic about it. definitely does not replace healthy eating or leading a healthy lifestyle. on the other hand when it is taken simultaneously with the above mentioned it would definitely be able to work its magic.
the many benefits of organic apple cider vinegar
coraltree organics apple cider vinegar is a natural laxative. it helps improve your digestion and makes your bowel movements regular. those who suffer from constipation can benefit from taking 2 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar diluted with 8 ounces of water on a daily basis.it can also help lower blood sugar levels and is thought to be quite effective in people who suffer from type 2 diabetes. individuals whose bodies cannot form enough insulin to counter all the sugar inside the blood. drinking apple cider vinegar before a high carbohydrate meal can help regulate the amount of sugar in the blood.it tends to give you a feeling of fullness and therefore increases satiety. it also helps to get rid of the stubborn belly fat. it can be attributed to the acidity found in acv because of the presence of acetic acid.it can also help counteract cancer by lowering the risk and slowing down the growth of cancer cells.
all of the above-mentioned benefits of organic apple cider vinegar can be attributed to the presence of minerals and nutrients found in it. apple cider vinegar comprises of magnesium, iron, phosphorus, amino acids and a host of antioxidants. there are many studies which have been conducted that apple cider vinegar actually works when it comes to losing weight. in fact people who did not make any dietary changes but drank apple cider vinegar on a regular basis were able to lose a whopping two to three kg in 3 months time.
 
 
how to pick a tattoo studio gold coast
june 27, 2020june 27, 2020
 

 

so you’ve decided to get inked. maybe
you’ve already picked out the design. all you need now is to pick a tattoo
studio, gold coast to have it done.
you’re not alone in facing this
dilemma. the popularity of tattoos around the world and in the gold coast is
higher than ever. most gold coast residents have at least 1 tattoo and rarely
stop there. most people that have experienced their first tattoo go back to
have 2 or more.
yet, how to pick the safest tattoo
studio, gold coast? 
is it risky to have a tattoo?
a hand-held machine is used by a
tattoo artist when you get inked. the machine uses one or more needles to prick
and inject tiny drops of ink on the top layer of your skin. the process can be
painful as no anaesthetic is used.
any allergic reaction to the tattoo
ink can make you sick. blood-born issues such as hepatitis c, tetanus, and
hepatitis b can likely happen. staphylococcus is a skin infection that can also
be caused by tattooing. contaminated ink has also been seen to cause
soft-tissue infections.
how to pick a safe tattoo studio
picking a good and safe tattoo studio
is included in harder to navigate things than others. however, it is important
to consider when you want a tattoo studio that won’t do a bad job on your leg
or arm while charging you an arm and leg as well. 
picking out a winner can be done by
using this guideline, to include:
have decided
on what you want
picking out a tattoo studio is
influenced by the tattoo you’ve decided you always wanted. this means thinking
real hard about the tattoo image you want and getting it printed out before you
search for the right tattoo studio to do it. 
getting your first tattoo is not to
be risked by simply walking into a random studio and picking an on-the-spot
tattoo image. 
know the
toughest part of your selected tattoo design
knowing the toughest part of your
selected tattoo design means going to a tattoo studio that specialises in
intricate linework. for instance, a tattoo studio specialising in portraits is
the first consideration when you want a portrait. 
it must be remembered that all tattoo
studios are not created equal. this means that a tattoo studio that produces a
great-looking bleeding heart doesn’t mean they are capable of doing portraits.
get a
personal recommendation
while narrowing your search for good
tattoo studios can either be online or visiting the shop, seeing the real work
they do on someone you know is the best way. people usually brag about their
tattoos and the best way to get the tattoo you want is to spot someone you know
showing killer ink work. this will likely get you the right tattoo studio to do
the tattoo you’ve always envisioned.
go for
hygienic tattoo shops
a disgusting-looking tattoo studio
should never, ever, be considered. a good tattoo shop should not only look spic
and span, their personnel should be professional as well. trust your gut
feeling as you walk in. feeling uncomfortable means it’s not the right tattoo
shop for you.
getting a tattoo is a permanent life-changing procedure that is why it is important to be careful in choosing a tattoo studio. 
 
 
 







search for:





sponsored by 

how to brush your teeth properly 

advertisement 

subscribe us 





subscribe to newsletter
subscribe to our mailing list to get updates to your email inbox.
..........      ..........
get monthly newsletter 









*invalid email address.


 

			subscribe









recent posts


what factors should you consider when selecting a laser skin tightening machine dealer?


what you should know before signing up for a short spray tan course


all you should know about melanoma: melanoma check in brisbane


why you should get a mobile shower trolley


top signs you need help from a brisbane psychologist


categories

blog

dental

health & wellbeing

oral care


 










navigationhome
about us
contact us
privacy policy
terms of use
 


mapmap 


 


contact us address: 109/125 willis st, te aro, wellington 6011, new zealand
contact: +64 4-499 4820
email: info@first5oralhealth.org

 






		© 2025 first 5 oral health. all rights reserved.		















