



dentons - catering equipment, london



























skip to main content

top menuabout uscontact usour projects

trade login

your basket0 items  |  £0.00









design, supply & installation


tel: 020 7450 0480


product search:go





product rangehometable toputensilsbakingcookware & food storagehygiene & safetybarwarebeverageservery & displaycooking equipment & food preprefrigerationwarewash & fabricationfurniture

















 



kitchen design, supply & installation service
dentons catering equipment specialises in the design of commercial kitchens for the food service industry. whether you are planning a new build or refurbishing an existing area, our professional designers will plan a kitchen bespoke to you and tailored to your needs.

we supply commercial catering equipment from all the leading manufacturers in the uk allowing us to meet both your needs and your budget. all equipment is supplied with at least one year parts and labour warranty.

with our own in house engineers we specialise in installing commercial kitchen appliances, from individual pieces of equipement through to complete comercial kitchens,




more info






restaurant, hotel, school kitchens and more... 




online store

we have thousands of products avaliable to buy online now, from tableware to commercial refrigeration and everything in between, we can even boast to include the kitchen sink!







projects

over the last 75 years dentons have literally designed and installed thousands of commercial kitchens. we would like to share a few of our most recent examples with you.







visit our showroom

we have a london based showroom and warehouse in clapham sw4, where we display and stock hundreds of lines of catering equipment from teaspoons to fryers.




 



back to top



 free delivery: spend over £50 and we will deliver your products for free (uk mainland only) 







delivery information
returns and refund policy
terms and conditions
cookie policy









follow us:facebooktwitterpinterest


web design wida group








this site uses cookies. by continuing your visit, you accept their use as set out in our cookie policy. ok






