









aso - helping the level 1 asd community





































































about aso

aso rebranding
mission and goals
board of directors
executive director
aso updates
supporters
privacy policy
brand guide


asd overview

what is asd?
signs and symptoms of asd
asperger’s syndrome and asd
prevalence


support services

asperlink
adult social group
private facebook group


asd faqs

general faqs
children
adults
education


get involved
contact us
donate now
 





select page


  
 



 



 















we are proud to introduce you to aso, our new brand for the asperger’s society of ontario 
							
aso – our new brand 
							why aso? 
							introducing 
							
 


aso provides support services free of charge. as we receive no government funding and rely solely on donations from our community and fundraising efforts, please consider supporting our work. every donation can help make a real difference for our small but mighty organization. 
							
we need your support 
							donate now 
							introducing 
							
 


find the information you need to know about level 1 asd, including the signs and symptoms, where asperger’s syndrome fits in, and updated details on prevalence. 
							
what is level 1 asd? 
							asd overview 
							overview 
							
 












get involved

become a volunteer 
help us fundraise 
make a donation 



make a donation

if you have benefited from the free support provided by aso, please consider making a donation.

donate now







support services

we have the expertise and resources to help in many ways.







asperlink
the aso actionline
a knowledgeable program specialist is available to respond via phone or email to requests for information and to provide guidance on resources and services available throughout the province of ontario.

learn more





adult social group
currently paused due to covid-19
the aso adult social group meets monthly at various locations in the greater toronto area. the focus of the group is socializing, establishing relationships, and enjoying a variety of recreational activities in the community.





aso facebook group
connect with the aso community
a private facebook group created for those in the canadian province of ontario that are looking for a way to share ideas, meet and interact with others that face similar challenges, and learn more about level 1 asd.

join the group












answers to your questions

got questions related to level 1 asd in adults or children, or about getting a diagnosis?
our comprehensive list of frequently asked questions is a great starting point to find information on level 1 asd.

asd faq's





mailing address
aso (mailing address only) 3219 yonge street, suite 231 toronto, ontario m4n 3s1



call us
(416) 651-4037
toll free: (844) 535-4037



email us
info@asontario.org



connect with us
you can also find aso on the following social networks:













improving public and professional awareness of level 1 asd

aso is the only agency in ontario, canada that is solely devoted to serving those with level 1 asd, their families, and other interested individuals.
we provide educational information and support to individuals with level 1 asd, their families, educators, medical and mental health professionals, employers, government agencies and the community, to enable individuals with level 1 asd to realize their potential as fully contributing members of their community.

about aso









the support they need to thrive.

help the aso provide the ongoing support that individuals diagnosed with level 1 asd and their families require.

donate now







testimonials

direct feedback from our community.











 “i was amazed at the thoroughness of the response i received to my two requests. it was very informative and directed me to many useful resources. it also helped to connect me with other people. i have yet to exhaust all that was given me in such a short time. i was very pleased. thank-you”
celine p. 





 “i deeply appreciated the warmth & concern you expressed in your reply to me. isolated in a rural home with only an asd affected spouse, asd affected teen & a globally delayed child for company, well, there is no warmth, concern or reciprocity of emotion. i appreciated yours as no doubt others who contact you do as well. it may seem a small thing to you, but to those of us who are neurotypical living in an asd world, emotional warmth is not small. so, not only do you & the aso provide good assistance to families like mine, but your personal warmth gives the extra gift of encouragement. thank you.”
mary 





 “you’re incredible. thank you! i’ll check out the resources you’ve provided. absolutely, all the areas you suggest are accessible. you’ve provided more reasonable suggestions in your response than any organization, medical provider or website has since i began searching nearly 15 years ago. thank you.”
parent to child, partner to spouse diagnosed with level 1 asd 





 “i am a parent trying to process my child’s diagnosis and figure out what environment is best for her. there are so many resources online, but it is so much more helpful to be able to speak to a real-live person and ask questions. the advice that the specialist gave was very practical and focused on what i wanted to know -so much more helpful than 1,000 google searches!!”
simon 





 “please continue to provide this service. parenting a child with aspergers can be a very isolating experience – it is so helpful to be able to pick up the phone and access aperson – it made me feel like i havesomewhere to turn to during this whole roller coaster parenting journey.”
jen s. 





 “we were more than satisfied with the  assistance we received. we had been having a terrible time trying to find information regarding assessment of adult aspergers, and you really came through for us. in fact, you continued to send us information when anything new came your way that you felt  would be of use to us, and both your efforts and the information you provided were much appreciated.”
susan 






















get in touch

need more information? have unanswered questions?

contact us








 












 info@asontario.org  (416) 651-4037  (844) 535-4037 (toll free)





aso updates






tis’ the season for giving

this year's giving season kicks off on november 29th with #givingtuesday: a day dedicated to... 
read more 







“way less” confusion

i was diagnosed with level one autism spectrum disorder when i was thirty-two. since i have... 
read more 







the balance of opposites

i didn’t have a great family life but i was blessed with a grandfather that was an incredible man.... 
read more 







interview with rina kline

rina kline is a lovely mother on the autism spectrum, her son is a level one autistic teen and... 
read more 







as sean sees it: juan zapata interview

s) so when we first spoke you had mentioned to me that you being a newlywed seemed to bring up... 
read more 







pride month

june is pride month and aso is excited to celebrate! during this year’s pride month many people... 
read more 







as sean sees it: playground challenges

i was diagnosed with level one autism late in life at the age of thirty-two. after my own... 
read more 







raising a child with autism: interview with a parent

1.what were some of the things you noticed in jason that prompted you to have him screened? after... 
read more 







as sean sees it: autistic nutrition

i have been a martial arts coach for several years. i really got into martial arts because it... 
read more 







as sean sees it: interview with a parent: dana

following my interview with ben, i had a chance to sit down with his parent dana and get their... 
read more 












aso © 2020. all rights reserved | powered by qualiaris



privacy policy



 










we use cookies to give you the best online experience. by agreeing you accept the use of cookies in accordance with our policy.



accept cookies
decline



select cookies
privacy policy










                privacy settings saved!            


 

privacy settings
when you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. control your personal cookie services here.






                    essential
                
                    analytics
                
                    advertising
                
privacy policy  

essential cookies are required for the website to operate correctly. we do not store the information beyond your session. by continuing to use this website you agree to essential cookies. technical cookiesin order to use this website we use the following technically required cookies.wordpress_test_cookie wordpress_logged_in_ wordpress_sec wordpress_gdpr_cookies_declined wordpress_gdpr_cookies_allowed wordpress_gdpr_allowed_servicesanalytical cookies are used to collect information about your use of certain products and services, including google analytics. google uses cookies to collect information about the products and services usage and reports website trends to us, without identifying individual end-users or visitors to aso. google analytics and tag managerwe use google analytics and tag manager to track anonymized user information to monitor our traffic and improve our website._ga _gid _gatadvertising cookies tailor information and advertising from aso and third parties to your interests based on the webpages and content you visit. these cookies gather personally identifiable information such as your name, internet protocol address and location. google adside 




                    decline all services                

                    accept all services                







 

































