















































tobacco/nicotine and vaping | national institute on drug abuse (nida)












      skip to main content
    













            an official website of the united states government
          
here’s how you know


here’s how you know









official websites use .gova
              .gov website belongs to an official government
              organization in the united states.
            






secure .gov websites use httpsa
              lock (
              

lock
locked padlock icon

 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
            


























en español



 
search component










mega menu


home




research topics



research topics



addiction science




cannabis (marijuana)




emerging drug trends




fentanyl




harm reduction




heroin




hiv




kratom




methamphetamine




opioids




prevention




psychedelic and dissociative drugs




psilocybin (magic mushrooms)




syringe services programs




stigma and discrimination




tobacco/nicotine and vaping




treatment





more research topics





quick links

resources for parents and educators
words matter: preferred language
commonly used drugs chart
nida publications
infographics
multimedia







research & training



research & training



nida research programs & activities




clinical research




nih policies & guidance




research data, measures, & resources




research training & career development




resources for grants & contracts








quick links

heal initiative
nida drug supply program
clinical trials stewardship
fellowships & grants
international program







clinical resources



nidamed: clinical resources



for your discipline




health professions education




marijuana and other drugs




opioid crisis and pain management




screening tools & prevention




treatment








quick linksscreening and assessment tools chartwords matter - terms to use and avoid when talking about addiction






grants & funding



grants & funding



nida funding opportunities




small business innovation research (sbir) and technology transfer (sttr) programs




trans-nih funding opportunities




nida office of acquisitions contracting




technology transfer








quick links

peer review
grant application forms
grants & contract application process
nida notice of special interest (nosi)







news & events



news



news releases




nora's blog




meetings & events




nida in the news




nida asks








quick links

contact the press office
media@nida.nih.gov
301-443-6245







about nida



about nida



advisory boards and review groups




director's page




legislative activities




organization




working at nida








quick linksfy budget informationclinical trials networkfrequently asked questionscontact us











breadcrumb


home


research topics


                  tobacco/nicotine and vaping
              














tobacco/nicotine and vaping



 en español




















image
 



©shutterstock/hazem.m.kamal






tobacco and vaping devices contain nicotine, an ingredient that can lead to addiction, which is why so many people who smoke or vape find it difficult to quit. both tobacco and vaping devices contain other harmful chemicals; burning tobacco can create these chemicals and vaping devices turn chemicals and flavorings into mist that combines with synthetic nicotine. learn about the health effects of tobacco/nicotine and read the research report.






 
 



looking for treatment?

use the samhsa treatment locator or call 1-800-662-help (4357).









  featured








image
 






drugfacts



vaping devices (electronic cigarettes) drugfacts





                  a plain-language research summary that describes how e-cigarettes work, how safe they are compared to traditional...


              












image
 






research report



tobacco, nicotine, and e-cigarettes research report





                  discusses the harmful effects of tobacco use, risks associated with pregnancy and adolescents, as well as best practices...


              













  more on this topic






nora's blog
 

nida supports research on novel approaches for smoking cessation


 | en español 




drugfacts
 

vaping devices (electronic cigarettes) drugfacts


 | en español 




research report
 

tobacco, nicotine, and e-cigarettes research report


 | en español 




news release
 

nih and fda leaders call for innovation in development of smoking cessation treatments


 | en español 



view more











  multimedia









 





video


nida live: the science of vaping



                nida director, dr. nora volkow joins fellow experts, drs. heather kimmel and emily einstein on nida’s facebook live to...


            














 





video


d&h teen blog: is vaping liquid safe?



                dr. kevin walton, branch chief of nida’s clinical research grants branch and an expert on the science behind vaping...


            












reports of deaths related to vapingthe food and drug administration has alerted the public to thousands of reports of serious lung illnesses associated with vaping, including dozens of deaths. they are working with the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) to investigate the cause of these illnesses. many of the suspect products tested by the states or federal health officials have been identified as vaping products containing thc, the main psychotropic ingredient in marijuana. some of the patients reported a mixture of thc and nicotine; and some reported vaping nicotine alone. while the cdc and fda continue to investigate possible other contributing substances, cdc has identified a thickening agent—vitamin e acetate—as a chemical of concern among people with e-cigarette or vaping associated lung injuries. they recommend that people should not use any product containing vitamin e acetate, or any vaping products containing thc; particularly from informal sources like friends, family, or in-person and online dealers. they also warn against modifying any products purchased in stores, or using any vaping products bought on the street. people, including health professionals, should report any adverse effects of vaping products. the cdc has posted an information page for consumers.





  related resources

 youth tobacco use: results from the national youth tobacco survey (fda)monitoring the future survey statistics (mtf site)electronic cigarettes lure former smokers back to old habits (nih intramural blog, july 2020)population assessment of tobacco and health study (path) - see this national longitudinal study of tobacco use and how it affects the health of people in the united states, led by nida and the food and drug administrationnih director's blog on tobacconih director's blog on vapingtobacco regulatory science program (trsp) (nih/fda collaboration)preventing and reducing teen tobacco use (hhs)online guide to quit smoking (nci - smokefree.gov)the real cost (fda center for tobacco products)electronic cigarettes (cdc)tips from former smokers (cdc)the virtual office of the surgeon general - guidelines to quit smokingtransdisciplinary tobacco use research centers - nida, the national cancer institute, and the robert wood johnson foundation: studying new ways to combat tobacco useguide to reducing vaping among youth and young adults to vaping (samhsa)











 



footer menu


nida home


research topics


research & training


nidamed: clinical resources


grants & funding


news


about nida


subscribe to nida e-mail updates


accessibility and section 508 information


privacy notice


vulnerability disclosure (hhs)


freedom of information act (foia)


working at nida


frequently asked questions


contact us


sitemap




sign up for our newsletter


enter your email address


email address











other nida sites

nida research studies in baltimore
intramural research program
employee intranet - staff only, requires vpn

follow us











u.s. department of health and human servicesnational institutes of healthnational institute on drug abuseusa.govnih...turning discovery into health ®













