















uncommon knowledge: sensible psychology



























back to top








☰ navigation



home
blog
self help
join
uncommon u
about us

 
 




uncommon knowledge: activate your potential





we're a specialist psychology training company
psychological wisdom, both new and old, is more vital now than ever. the kind of knowledge that can help us all lead healthier, more successful lives, understand ourselves and others better and enable us to influence our own minds and help others balance theirs. one day we hope 'uncommon' knowledge' will become everyday knowledge. join us to help make this happen.

 


for everyone:







hypnosis downloads
1300+ half hour 'uncommon hypnosis' sessions from the uncommon knowledge team

visit the site »








learn hypnosis in 5 days
take our free course to discover what uncommon hypnosis is, how it works and how to do it

take the course »








psychology & hypnosis blog
learn all about uncommon psychology and how it can help you

read the blog »




 






learn uncommon hypnosis
take our full online training in how to do uncommon, conversational hypnosis

learn more »








join the growth zone
become a member of hypnosis downloads.com and enjoy a range of benefits

read more »








download our apps
get easy access to uncommon knowledge via our range of apps for apple and android

see apps »




 
 

for professionals:







psychotherapy techniques blog
fresh ideas and practical tips for your next client

read the blog »








clear thinking newsletter
receive an uncommon article every week

sign up »








online therapy courses
learn online or in our dedicated app

learn more »




 






uncommon practitioners' tv
see therapy demonstrated in our 'netflix for therapists'

see more »








free therapy worksheets
get instant access to over 40 therapy worksheets.

view the worksheets »








hypnotherapy scripts
choose from our huge library of scripts, written in the unique 'uncommon hypnosis' style

browse library »




 
 

meet our specialists






mark tyrrell
mark tyrrell hgdip, diphypnlp(bhr) has been working as a hypnotherapist and trainer since 1995. he has given lectures to thousands of health professionals on self esteem, detraumatisation and workplace bullying. he is co-founder of uncommon knowledge with roger elliott, and ran their diploma in solution-focused psychotherapy and hypnotherapy for 10 years. he is author of new ways of seeing, co-author of the giant within and has created over 500 hours of self help products. more than 100,000 people a year subscribe to his email courses and over 10 million visit uncommon knowledge's psychology and therapy websites.
when he has a spare moment he plays tennis and trains in obscure martial arts.








roger elliott
roger elliott dhyppsych(uk), beng(hons) has been working as a hypnotherapist and trainer since 1998. in this time he has developed many ground-breaking methods of educating people about their own psychology, including the uncommon knowledge diploma course, the depression learning path, the 6-part self
                                confidence course, the panic attacks course, plus a range of dvds, cds and tapes. simplifying psychology is his great passion and he has gained a reputation as a creator of innovative and highly effective training materials.
roger also enjoys contributing to his local community as a volunteer director of atlantis leisure, one of scotland's longest established community-run social enterprises. when he's not doing that, he's playing with his two young daughters, chopping wood to get the family through the long scottish winters or getting out on the water, of which there is a lot around his home in oban.



 





uncommon knowledge ltd, boswell house, argyll square, oban, uk pa34 4bd. registered company 03573107 
email: contact us here. read our privacy policy and terms of use.
copyright © 2025 uncommon knowledge ltd, all rights reserved












