


















the metropolitan youth orchestra of ny (myo) - choirs and orchestras




















































































search for:




 




about us

missionmyo storiesboard of directors and staffmusic directors, pianists, and coachesschools, concert venues, and affiliationsmyo member handbookcontact us
programs

choirs

nassau treble choirnassau concert choirnassau lower voicesnassau senior treble choirnassau chamber choralesuffolk treble choirsuffolk senior treble choirsuffolk symphonic choir 
orchestras

nassau string orchestranassau concert orchestranassau symphony orchestranassau principal orchestrasuffolk string orchestrasuffolk symphony orchestrasuffolk principal orchestra 
myo commissioned worksin the communityone singular sundaymidori workshopsconcerto and vocal competitionemerging composers competitionsenior scholarshipsclass of 2025report an absence
auditions

audition for myoaudition guidelinesaudition considerationsfrequently asked questionsmyo feesfinancial assistance
concerts and eventstours

destinationstour blog: france 2024tour blog archivetour galleries
media

pressaudiovideophotosconcert programsdesign contest
alumni

where are they nowalumni concert photos
support myo

grace mcdermott tour fundemploymentvolunteerprogram advertisementsgenerous supporters
 








 







 

myo 2025-2026 auditions open april 1! 


 


 






news and events



2024-2025 myo season



myo ensembles perform at carnegie hall sunday, may 18, 2025
additional myo performances at radio city music hall and citi field
annual concerto and vocal competition
one singular sunday, free for singers in grades 4 – 12
myo alumni reunion

read more




audition for myo


 new member auditions for 2025-2026 
video auditions for our 2025-2026 myo choirs and orchestras open april 1 and close june 16, 2025. please see our auditions page for details
read more




myo concerto and vocal competition


 competition for instrumentalists and vocalists 
congratulations to our 16 concerto and vocal competition finalists for their brilliant performances on february 5, 2025 at the congregational church of huntington!
please see our concerto and vocal competition page for more details.
read more





listen to myo
listentomyo · 2023-2024 spotlight concert recordings

my myo story





august chen

it has become almost a habit to pack up the violin and music, grab a pencil and some dinner, and hustle toward the car every tuesday night for the past four years. myo for me was divided into three parts, concert orchestra with ms. ho, symphony orchestra with mrs. koppeis, and principal orchestra with mr. stickley. every  
read more








isabel coelho

myo is such a great opportunity for any young musician. since my daughter chelsea joined, she has become more confident not only in her musicality but in her daily life. being part of a group of such talented musicians only makes you better and encourages you to excel. i am overwhelmed by the professionalism and  
read more








kyra faragasso

since auditioning in fourth grade, myo has become a treasured part of my life. as a vocalist and violinist, i have the opportunity to join other students who love and live their music. myo is a wonderful and extraordinary gift that has helped me to grow, both as a person and a musician. i cherish  
read more








talia fernandez

my myo tour to china in the summer of 2014 was an experience i will remember for my entire life. for two weeks, i saw spectacular sights and visited amazing places like the great wall, tiananmen square, the dragon lady’s summer palace, and the chengdu research base of giant panda breeding. i was able to  
read more





view more stories
 














myo members 

report an absence


follow us 








contact us 
13 myrtle street, 2nd floor, manhasset, ny 11030
(516) 365-6961
admin@myo.org




site maphome
about
programs
auditions
events
tours
media
alumni
support
contact us












                           
                        all rights reserved © metropolitan youth orchestra of new york 2025                    








 




























