


home - trifury triathlon team

























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top



















member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel
























menu


homeabout us abouttrifury board-committee board meetings mentor program facebook photosraces selected races c. cloutier try the tri bryan lyons try the tri race organizers racing tools race reportsresults race results race results - fyi claire cloutier results bryan lyons ttt results   silver lake ttt resultstraining coaching gear / nutrition doctors therapist swimming running workout groups event calendar volunteering trifury store joinus member signup sponsors contact us















"trifury welcomes athletes of all abilities and believes that if you have the desire and motivation to train and compete (and a little fury or fire in the belly), you too can do a triathlon. join trifury and experience the camaraderie and goodwill as we develop and promote the sport of triathlon at all distances - from sprint to ironman®."  more about trifury

new members please click "member signup" to join.  existing members please use "member login" and renew your existing membership.

members:  login to see additional content such as discount codes, membership directory, names of volunteers in each slot, and event registrants.   to receive club pricing you  must be logged in before registering.






bryan lyons tri the tri 
sponsors:




           
            



      



crowe & harris, llp is a top-tier personal injury firm that prides itself on exceeding expectations with their results and service. it is why former clients, attorneys, and judges consistently send their family and friends to the firm: absolute trust in a time of absolute need.
crowe & harris, llp serves clients in massachusetts, new hampshire, and rhode island, and is the only personal injury firm in new england with four nurses on staff. what better way to handle your personal injury needs than with a legal and medical team on your side.
at crowe & harris, llp, you will never pay any money out of pocket; they only get paid when you win.
if you are interested in learning more, please visit the crowe & harris, llp website at www.croweandharris.com.  you can also email mike harris directly at mharris@croweandharris.com or call 617-426-4488.






we are always looking for members who would like to add content, be it pictures, stories, race reports, and news.  please email info@trifury.com for more info.

tanya marshall you are an ironman

announcements 




the first selected race of the year is coming up on march 24th. the https://www.mishstrong.org/roadrace is a 5k and 10 miler. let's start the season off strong with a big showing.   

if you missed the awards banquet on november 10th or want to see the awards one more time here's the presentation.  congratulations to all of our athletes.  you make our club the best.  
2024 awards

welcome back athletes to the 2024 racing season.  please check the selected race menu for races that earn credits towards annual awards.  we currently have our dates set for both our claire cloutier try the tri and the bryan lyons try the tri series.  this year we renamed the silver lake try the tri to the bryan lyons try the tri to honor our long time friend and member. weekly rides and swim groups will be starting before long.  looking forward to an exciting year.
 




upcoming eventsupcoming events
















home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 










