




california wedding & corporate videographers | godfather films































































toggle navigation





















(951) 544-5530
 download brochure
 

home
about us 

about john goolsby
godfather films – our story
curriculum vitae
in the news
order john’s book
client list


gallery
testimonials
awards
av rental
blog
contact us 

contact information
leave a review


 











 
voted one of the planet’s
top 25 event videographers
3 years in a row!
contact us today


 






    home  



business video



life stories wedding



drone aerial video

















business & corporate films
when we produce your marketing film, we typically start at the end by defining your target audience and exactly what we want them to know, feel or do after they view your message. we then itemize all the positive elements we can share about your business and plug them into our formula in order to identify and prioritize those elements which will educate and persuade your prospective clients to take the desired action.
we can provide all the pieces needed to create your film including research, scriptwriting, filming, aerial cinema, actors, make-up artists, editing and distribution. from concept to delivery, our skilled team of professional storytellers can develop your message and create an effective video communication that educates your target audience to the features and benefits of your product or service. our business card says we are professional storytellers…and we take that title very seriously.
in order for your business to reach new heights, prospective customers need to know who you are, what you do and why you do it. eighty-eight percent of corporate decision makers use the internet for research and will stay on a site eight times longer if it has video and are 600 times more likely to fully comprehend your message.
you need an expert to design your message. john goolsby is an author and video communication professor having taught at the winona school of photography, university of california, riverside and california baptist university and has lectured extensively on the art and science of filmmaking all across north america.
professional narration: godfatherfilms.narratemyscript.com


life stories
your most prized possessions are not things at all. they are the memories of your life adventures, celebrations and the people you love. weddings, anniversaries, birthdays, quinceañeras, bar mitzvahs and bat mitzvahs are some of the best celebrations of our lives. all of the most important people in your life will be at one place at one time just to see you happy. typically the person we are celebrating only gets to experience ten percent of the actual celebration and they only remember ten percent of what they experience. that means the day after the celebration, they only have one percent of the memory of the event to remember. the problem is all memories fade and most eventually disappear. we are godfather films and we deliver time travel.



featured in
ceremony magazine
voted one of the top 25 event filmmakers in the world. destination and celebrity wedding experts. masters of the same day edit and distribution for wedding and corporate clients. available for international travel.
learn more











 our story

do you remember how elementary school teachers would assign jobs to students such as chalkboard monitor and line leader? godfather films founder john goolsby was assigned the job of movie projector operator in fifth grade. how prophetic because since the founding of our company in 1986, we have gone on to produce more than 3000 wedding and corporate films traveling to 30 states and 21 countries.
at godfather films we are 100% committed to the highest standards in technical quality by constantly investing in the latest high definition cameras and building our own high speed editing computers. our team regularly participates in film making conventions, both as students and teachers to other filmmakers.
godfather films has offices in riverside, california and produce more than 300 video projects a year. we truly value our relationship with top wedding planners around the world who refer our services and the more than 50 hotels and country clubs who have listed us as the recommend filmmaker for their clients.
when it comes to filming life events such as weddings, anniversaries, quinceaneras and mitzvahs, it is so much more to us than just recording great images of how people look. we love recording how people feel.
faa approved remote drone pilot part 107
john’s book:  http://www.weddinggodfather.com/
awards: http://www.godfatherfilms.com/awards

 




check out our wedding video brochure
view and print event movie options

 download brochure





 




 
 godfather films, 231 e. alessandro blvd. #6a, suite 303, riverside, ca 92508phone: (951) 544-5530  |  international: 001-951-544-5530
email us: info@godfatherfilms.com

© 2025 godfather films - all rights reserved. | videographer website design by gaslamp media









