



        
            tomatoes are evil
        
    









tomatoes are evil
(we hate tomatoes)

contact us



you are here because you know...
tomato, tomatoes - loved by many, this member of the deadly nightshade family is commonly used in pizza, pasta, soup, juice, and all sorts of international cooking; but for some people the tomato is disgusting - evil in fact.
a tomato can ruin a sandwich, a salad and even a portion of pasta. it is scientific fact that the goodness in the tomato is only truly released when it is pulverised - so could cream of tomato soup, passata and ketchup be the only way to consume them? this site is dedicated to those who know the truth: tomatoes are evil.
tomatoes - many think the big questios is are tomatoes a fruit or vegetable? who cares - they are evil.
for those that know, one pip can ruin a good 'tomato free' sandwich. just taking a tomato out of a sandwich isn't the answer.
tomato ketchup? - well we like it, but you may not. it is mostly sugar and vinegar anyway.
soup? - cream of....  like heinz or cambells is fine - just say no to chunks.
poison?  - tomatoes are part of the deadly nightshade family - so they are poison (if you eat enough).
some people with arthritis swear that nightshade vegetables — such as tomatoes — cause their arthritis to flare.
tomatoes have something on the order of 400 volatile compounds in them - scientific fact.
good for you? - tomatoes do have good stuff in them but you can only get at it when they are pulverised - so take a supplement or see above...
tomato, tomatoes - loved by many, this member of the deadly nightshade family is commonly used in pizza, pasta, soup, juice, and all sorts of international cooking; but for some people the tomato is disgusting - evil in fact.
a tomato can ruin a sandwich, a salad and even a portion of pasta. it is scientific fact that the goodness in the tomato is only truly released when it is pulverised - so could cream of tomato soup, passata and ketchup be the only way to consume them? this site is dedicated to those who know the truth: tomatoes are evil.
show you know the truth - visit our official cafepress merch shop




find us on facebook & instagram                







666














get in touch
                      feel free to drop us a line below!                
* required fields


*

the name was invalid.

*

the email was invalid.

*

the phone number was invalid.

*




send






            sending email ...
         

            message sent successfully!
         

            error: message not sent.
         
 

find us on social media






©2025            tomatoes are evil - don't bother trying to convince us otherwise - millions know the truth.        
        powered by  uk2 startersite.
        
        




we use cookies to offer you a better experience, analyze site traffic, and serve targeted advertisements.
by continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.

accept








