


ncep meteorological assimilation data ingest system (madis)





















ncep central operations
national oceanic and atmospheric administration











home





news



nws news
events
social media
pubs/brochures/booklets
nws media contacts






search





search for




nws

all noaa








forecast




local forecast by "city, st" or zip code



sorry, the location you searched for was not found. please try another search.
multiple locations were found. please select one of the following:



location help







about



about nws
organization
for nws employees
international
national centers
products and services
contact us
glossary





 





amdar home


news


what's here - v4.0!




data discovery & displays


data application form
dataset restrictions
graphical displays  >
	
public
restricted


gdc-abo


support


faq
papers and references
contact us



related sites


wmo global data center
madis distribution services
madis
hads

amdar research




 
noaa - amdar



aircraft based observations (abo)


welcome to the first operational release of the “amdar.noaa.gov” web site. amdar, which stands for aircraft meteorological data reports, is the generally-accepted worldwide term for automated weather reports from commercial aircraft. the “amdar.noaa.gov” web site was a research effort led by william moninger of noaa’s global system division (gsd). 

in the 1980's, gsd, formerly known as the forecast systems laboratory (fsl), realized the potential of acars (click here for a glossary of terms) data to improve numerical weather prediction (nwp) models, and successfully negotiated the receipt of data from four airlines (delta, northwest, ual, and ups). these airlines routed their acars data to fsl via arinc as text, and fsl decoded the variety of data formats from the various fleets. in 1993, fsl established an ongoing effort to assess acars data quality, flag apparently bad data, and correct data where possible. a graphical display program was developed to facilitate evaluation of its performance and grew into what is known today as the "amdar.noaa.gov" website. the graphical displays allow access to real-time data and data that is up to 30 days old. if you need access to data as old as july 1, 2001, you can use the madis application interface (api). 

this site will house frequently asked questions (faq) and esri based graphical displays of aircraft based observations (abo). all of the other functionality can be accessed on the amdar-research site which is still hosted at gsd. to apply for restricted abo data access, check to see if you meet the criteria here and if so, please fill out a madis data application request. note that all abo data older than two days is available to the public. for more information on madis abo data, please click here. the following image illustrates the madis aircraft display and user functionality.






highlights

frequently asked questions (faq) and glossary

access to aircraft based displays


support

please address any questions to the madis help desk at madis-support@noaa.gov.



last updated 25 feb 2024




 
 








us dept of commerce
national oceanic and atmospheric administration
national weather service
                                                5830 university research ct.college park, md 20740
                                web master's email: w-nws.webmaster@noaa.gov 


disclaimer
information quality
help
glossary


privacy policy
freedom of information act (foia)
about us
career opportunities





 


