







home - geographic computer technologies, llc




































































home
interactive map
gis outsourcing
web site design
contact us
 







 





































geographic computer technologies, llc specializes in gis planning, development, and implementation of databases for local government.
gct has been in business since 1994 and is located in metairie louisiana.
gct has worked for over a hundred governmental agencies including parish/county governments, cities, tax assessors, and state and federal agencies.  from the start, gct was made up of a group of professional database designers, software engineers, gis analysts and technicians dedicated to mastering the existing gis technology while evaluating emerging technology for potential use.  we are an esri authorized business partner.
our staff has served in the public and private sectors with backgrounds in engineering, planning and administration.  we bring a comprehensive approach to each project and strongly advocate the “enterprise gis” strategy/solution.  we build the databases and focus on ease of use for everyday functions.  we have developed more than 200 databases and applications for just about every function of government. these include utilities, tax assessors, planning and zoning, emergency management, e-911, environmental, and more.
over the years, gct has become a leader of gis technology in the south.  we can successfully develop any gis application that is required from design, to implementation, to training.












pages 
home
interactive map
gis outsourcing
web site design
contact us

 copyright ⓒ geographic computer technologies, llc. all rights reserved.

 

our expertise with the over two hundred individual projects tackled since the inception of gct, we have developed datasets and gis-related applications for just about every function of government. some examples include utility and public works, property appraisal/tax assessment, planning and zoning, emergency preparedness/management and e-911, and environmental.
 

geoportal web viewer 



































































































































 

contact geographic computer technologies, llc
2315 n woodlawn avemie
suite #201
metairie, louisiana  70001
office:  (504) 779-8000
send us a message

 




























