
  













custom metal fabrication & manufacturing services - h. cross





















































 about us

company news
about h. cross company
company history
accreditations & certifications
our facility


products

refractory metals and alloys
precious metals and alloys
other metals and alloys
lamp seal products
typical dimensions & tolerances


processing & testing

processing capabilities
testing capabilities
processing and testing of customer materials


contact +1 201.964.9380

contact us
catalog download
purchasing policy


 

specialty metal fabricator



please click on the following signatures for an important message from


if you have any email inquiry bounce back to you as undeliverable, please give us a call at +1 (201) 964 9380 to assist you.
you may not know our name, but you use products made with our raw materials
we are a supplier to companies like ushio lighting, l3, northrop grumman, cpi and teledyne. our products are used in halogen, xenon and metal halide light bulbs, electronic systems, medical devices, cathodes, electrical contacts, testing devices, aerospace/aircraft systems and many, many more. proudly they can also be found in our nation and allies’ offensive and defensive military systems including fighter jets, weapon systems, satellites, radar guidance systems, telecommunications and many more.

h. cross company’s products are proudly manufactured in the usa by american workers using feedstock also manufactured within the usa if possible, and, if not from mills in germany or japan where quality is the highest priority not cost.
h. cross company is the leading source for all your material needs with standard, custom or customer materials. whether your needs are small or large we can help you meet your customers demands for the best quality product.
 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





products

refractory metals and alloys

precious metals and alloys
other metals and alloys
lampseal products

why choose us
0over 80 years of services
we know our stuff – we’ve been doing it for over 80 years! h. cross company was established in 1939 as a family-owned business.
read more… 
1percent
customized to your needs – we tailor all products to meet our customers’ exacting specifications. we manufacture all products to your required specs…
read more… 
1percent
highest-quality machinery – h. cross company’s updated manufacturing plant is thoroughly equipped with the finest machinery and equipment.
read more… 




a few of our clients  











email us your message was successfully sent. thank you!


name *

email *

i give permission to store the above data and use it to contact me. submit



  
contact us 
+1 201 964 9380 +1 201 964 9385 info*hcrosscompany.com 150 west commercial avenue 
moonachie, nj 07074  mon - fri 9 am to 5 pm est 
  
location / directions 






copyright © 2025 h cross company. all rights reserved  |  privacy policy  |  terms and conditions  |  sitemap | nj website by graphic visions communications



















