










cajp – california association of judgment professionals
















































 








skip to content



created: june 5, 2019last modified: october 23, 2024

log in









cajp


california association of judgment professionals







homepage
about us
cajp officers
events
contact us
 














 
 




the leading organization for judgment enforcement professionals



member login




			
			find a judgment professional in your area		


 

 
 














who are we?
the cajp was formed in 1999 by a group of dedicated, experienced judgment enforcement specialists, living and operating businesses in the state of california. the purpose was to organize and to share ideas, experience, and resources in order to more effectively enforce court judgments. that mission has not changed. since its founding, the cajp has grown to include attorneys, paralegals, registered process servers, private investigators, and other affiliated businesses. we remain california-focused, but welcome members from all over the country, since some of our members enforce judgments originating outside of california, as well as internationally.



what is judgment enforcement?
you’ve worked hard to get a judgment in court. but now the debtor won’t pay! what do you do, since the court won’t help you collect?



judgment professionals work to collect the money you deserve. usually, this is done by “taking assignment” of the judgment and enforcing it in the judgment professional’s name, using a variety of hard-nosed legal techniques, including:




wage garnishments
debtor examinations in court
property liens
levies (seizures) of bank accounts and other assets
court-ordered turnover of assets




unless the judgment has been purchased outright, you are paid a percentage of what is collected, usually with no upfront fees. often, a significant amount of investigative work is required as part of this collection effort, both into the debtor’s location, as well as into their assets.






 





do you currently have a judgment that you are having trouble collecting? one of our judgment professionals may be able to help.
find a judgment professional in your area







 





are you a judgment professional -- current or aspiring?
if so, find out what cajp can offer you!




 






 the cajp is a irc §501(c)(6) non-profit organization. for more information, download a copy of the cajp’s bylaws and 501(c)(6) status or visit our officers page.





 california association of judgment professionals
c/o judgment recovery assistance, llc
92 corporate park, suite c 220
irvine ca 92606


  email

 
 become a member







© 2025 cajp.  all rights reserved. website by microcomp





















