













combat zone wrestling - renaissance of tradition - over 25 years of professional wrestling excellence














czw returns to action feb 22 
stream czw26 live at iwtv - watch
gage vs colon at #czw26 
cod xxii replay now at iwtv - watch
mathers vs swann at #czw26 

















live events

 26th anniversary



archives

 cage of death 22

 tournament of death 21

 phi slama jama

 best of the best 20



train


watch

 cage of death xxii

 phi slama jama

 tod 21



shop



socials

 twitter

 instagram

 facebook

 youtube

 threads

 snapchat

 tiktok

 reddit





 
 








 




february 22nd, 2025
doors 6pm | bell 7pm
 




 acx1 studios
 1 atlantic ocean, atlantic city, nj
 







 buy tickets
 buy tickets
 




 stream live
 stream live
 







featuring these great match-ups...









nick f'n gage battles alex colon in the main event of #czw26
 
 









wweid prospect marcus mathers challenges rich swann at  #czw26
 
 









tarzan duran  faces jimmy lloyd at  #czw26
 
 












en bush fights matt quay at  #czw26
 
 




also appearing at #czw26 ...







juni underwood to appear at #czw26



troy parker to appear at #czw26



myles hawkins to appear at #czw26


 
 







griffin mccoy to appear at #czw26



czw champ eran ashe to appear at #czw26



czw tag-team champs milk chocolate to appear at #czw26


 
 







anthony gangone to appear at #czw26



judge joe dred will be in the house




 
 




plus a hall of fame induction ...







czw honors justice pain


 
 




hosted by...












#czw26 will be hosted by czw hall of famer larry legend + rosaria elsa
 
 




and much more to be announced
 
 







 buy tickets
 buy tickets
 




 stream live
 stream live
 



* tickets will also be available at the door. can't be here live? stream the event from the comfort of your living room at iwtv.
 




stay social with us before, during and after the event using hashtag...
#czw26
 
























 




- card subject to change - 












street
team 
wanted
 
czw is currently looking for enthusiastic individuals to be a part of our street team in the philly + atlantic city areas!
 




 join the street team 
 
what you'll do:
- spread the word about our upcoming events
- hand out flyers, put up posters and engage with the community
perks:
- complimentary tickets
- official czw merch
- first chance at memorabilia
+ more!
how to join:
send us a dm on our social media or email us at streetteam@czwrestling.com with a brief intro and which location you're interested in!










unleash your inner champion at the czw dojo
join now to train with the best and step into the ring with confidence. ðŸ’ª 





 location 


 schedule 



 pricing 


 coaches 


 contact 


 website 










czw dojo @ studio z
reopening soon!






 






monday
6:30pm - 10:00pm




tuesday
6:30pm - 10:00pm




wednesday
6:30pm - 10:00pm







thursday
6:30pm - 10:00pm




friday
recovery, network & travel



 









pay in full (saves $600)
$2000.00




pay monthly (24 months)
$200 down - $100 / month



 







meet your

coach

gabby gilbert is a 20+ veteran and pioneer of women's wrestling. her wealth of knowledge is rooted in her experience all around the world, in japan, mexico, europe, canada, and all across the united states with major companies. from lucha to strong style to comedy to death matches, gilbert brings unmatched experience and wisdom to the czw dojo. dubbed 'the princess of pins', gilbert has expertise in technical wrestling, although she is a multi-dimensional coach who will help you master all aspects of pro wrestling. gilbert is currently leading the beginner/intermediate classes.
@iamgabbygilbert
@czwdojo





meet your

coach

dj hyde is the owner and head trainer of the combat zone wrestling dojo. hyde brings an incredible amount of knowledge, experience, and connection, from his days in the wwe developmental system to producing tv to leading seminars and classes all over the world. hyde looks forward to teaching not only in-ring skills but also conditioning, presentation, character work, production, networking, and all aspects of professional wrestling. with first-hand experience in japan, europe, and various tv companies in the us, hyde will ensure that you meet the highest standard to make your name in the pro wrestling industry.
@djhyde_1
@czwdojo





meet your

coach

desean pratt is a 10+ year veteran who has traveled all around the world. a former czw tag-team champion, pratt has toured in japan, germany, canada, england, and many more regions, honing his craft under different and unique learning trees. pratt is versatile and a master of all, but he has special knowledge in lucha libre and tag-team wrestling as well as the strong style form. while he is not coaching, pratt also works as a personal trainer, where he has a wealth of knowledge about cultivating and maintaining your body for pro wrestling.
@princeofcmd_deseanpratt
@czwdojo



 






email 
train@czwrestling.com




call 
302.345.1077




walk in 



 

 

 
 
 


 

pictured: czw students training with phildelphia eagles legend jason kelce
 

 
 









about czw
over 25 years of professional wrestling excellence
 

contact info



newark, de, us



info@czwrestling.com



302.345.1077


 

external links

shop czw

 

















































 
 
 
 
 






copyright © 2025 combat zone wrestlingall rights reserved
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 







