







reaves engraving
















































reaves engraving
fine stationery and invitations

















              home
            



              about
            



              wedding items
            



              specialty papers
            



              stationery
            



              party items
            



              order info
            







            ☎ (910) 280 2476
          














0








reaves engraving


fine stationery and invitations





home




about




wedding items




specialty papers




stationery




party items




order info








☎ (910) 280 2476
















0













reaves engraving
 ~~~  fine stationery and invitations since 1933  ~~~  




 






reaves engraving, inc.welcome to our website!reaves has provided exceptional invitation ensembles since 1933.our experienced staff can provide recommendations on styles and etiquette to help you with the design process.all of our ensembles are customizable to allow you to make your invitations for your style!to begin your experience, and to learn all about picking out and the printing of your order, click here!




    wedding
  




    stationery
  




    party
  



to our wonderful customers,we are truly heartbroken to announce that we will not be taking any further orders.reaves engraving has had a great 90 years,but it looks like it will be stopping here.it has truly been our honor to serve our customers through generations of weddings, births, and yes, deaths of loved ones. we have rejoiced, listened to the stories of generations of families using reaves for their invitations and stationery needs, laughed and cried with our customers, most of whom became so much more.we truly made friends. and that is what saddens us the most at having to close our doors. we will miss you.we will miss our conversations and getting to know you.we will miss those who have returned through the years and those who only needed our services once.you have been what makes us family.we hope only good things come your way and we are truly sorry that we can not continue working with you and adding more to our family. thank you for your patronage.you have truly enriched our lives.barbara, connie, and kent

 

contact➤ location311 south king streetlaurinburg, north carolina 28352open: monday-thursday: 9:00 - 5:00closed friday-sundayan office appointment is not an option at this time. we will be glad to help you over the phone or by email.please contact us at 910-280-2476 or info@reavesengraving.com with any questions or to request samples.☎ contactphone number:910-280-2476email: info@reavesengraving.comproofs.reavesengraving@gmail.comcalligraphy@reavesengraving.comfollow us






















 





































our services include:













invitationssince 1933, clients have worked with reaves to create the perfect wedding invitation ensemble. each invitation suite is customized for you with your choice of fonts, paper, ink color, paper type and printing processes.













programsprograms make your guests feel “at home” during your wedding ceremony by providing a guide to the ceremony and the wedding participants. 













save the datesprovide your guests with a sneak peak of the wedding style with your personalized save the date announcement!                                                                                          













social stationerytraditionally each person in a household would have his or her own social stationery. as writing notes becomes more of a special occasion than a common occurence, the traditional standards of etiquette are changing.













napkinsa simple element can add a personal touch to your reception or party. at the bar, the cake station or at tables, personalized napkins help create your theme. a variety of colors, foils and designs make your napkins as unique as your event.













calligraphylet reaves address the envelopes to your guests for your invitations or save the dates to save you time, effort and stress. stamping and mailing are also available.                                                                                                             













birth announcementsreaves is pleased to offer several traditional and contemporary birth announcements to celebrate your blessed event.













party invitationssome events deserve more than a fill-in-the-blank invitation.  for those events, consider using our house papers to provide that special touch and personalization to your event.

 

what our customers say!




“i wanted to say a huge thank you to your team for my wedding invitations! we received them this weekend and we were absolutely over the moon - they are perfect! we shared them with our parents and they were so elated with the results. we couldn’t get over the design, the colors, the feel of the printing... i could go on. they arrived at the perfect time and are currently on the way to our guests. thank you again for being incredibly helpful throughout this process - your team made it so easy and we can’t wait to continue working with you in the future!”

— kait g. 




“i can never thank you enough for the beautiful invitations!  everyone loved them and the response cards! thank you so much for the suggestion to carry over the invitation design to the response cards.  it really turned out beautifully!”

— martha s.




“thank you so much for all of your help! i have received so, so many compliments on our invitations, and i have you to thank! one person even said it was a “spiritual experience” for her opening the invitation. i thank you again for helping this process be easy and so elegant.”

— susan a.




“my mother received the invitations, napkins, and calligraphy and they are absolutely stunning!!!!!! thank you so much for dealing with us - i know we were crazy with all of our back and forth but everything turned out perfectly!!!! i will be sure to write an amazing review for you all!!! cannot thank you enough!!!all the best,”

— j. t.




“we have received the invitation suite and we love them!! thank you so much for your help and for the speedy work and high quality product. we are extremely pleased and look forward to working with reaves engraving for our future events.many thanks,”

— l and j




“words cannot express how beautiful our wedding invitation suites turned out. we worked thoroughly with barbara, connie and morgan to design a wedding invitation that looked both regal and made a statement. it is with their expertise and flexibility that we are beyond thrilled with the final product. thank you to the reaves engraving team for your kindness and knowledge. our wedding invitation suites are most spectacular and they will be framed in our home to admire for a lifetime as they are truly pieces of art.many thanks,”

— m and a




“thank you for the lovely invitations for my niece’s upcoming wedding.  they are beautiful and exactly what she wanted.  your company and sales team were fabulous!best regards,”

— t. c.




“i loved using reaves engraving! my dream of classically traditional invitations came about without breaking the bank. all of their invitations are lovely and i would definitely order through them again and recommend them to anyone!”

— a. b.




“thank you from the bottom of my heart for all your help and patience with us during this process! you have created beautiful pieces for us and we couldn’t be happier!! all the best!”

— c. k.




“good morning! just wanted to let you know that we are very pleased with the wedding invitations!! after going back and looking at the sample that our friend really liked, the one y’all printed for us is much prettier in our opinion!! again, thank you and your staff for your patience, guidance and professionalism during the whole process!”

— donna k.




“the wedding invitations are in the mail!  they arrived yesterday and look so beautiful. it is very special to know reaves engraving is the same company my late mother worked with nearly 30 years ago for our wedding invitations. thank you for maintaining such high standards and for excellent service.”

— leigh ann h.




“i am in love with all the things we ordered from reaves and my guests were so wowed by the invites!!! i will be sharing reaves with all my friends as they get engaged!!”

— tara s.




“i have just returned from the post office where our beautiful wedding invitations will be hand canceled for delivery.  it has been a pleasure to use your company once again for a daughter’s wedding invitations. the attention to detail every step along the way was extremely comforting, to know that the invitations would be lovely and the calligraphy would be completed with precision. thank you very much for your wonderful service and beautiful product. i am so pleased that the invitations will be received two months prior to the wedding, giving guests an opportunity to reply in a timely fashion and giving the bride and me the time frame to have place cards printed. we are also interested in having you print the program for the ceremony once we have all the details place that order. thank you for your excellent service and product. gratefully,”

— m. h.




“i am sorry to say i failed to let you know the programs and welcome booklets came right on time and they were perfectly beautiful!  everyone has commented on the programs. i just wanted to thank you for putting up with my countless emails and corrections and my many phone calls. you all are wonderful and i will highly recommend reaves!  thank you for your patience and your kindness.  the save the dates, the invitations, the programs, and the welcome booklets were absolutely the prettiest we have ever seen!  thank you for helping us create the stage for a truly southern wedding!   ”

— l.a.m.




“i was pleased with reaves engraving! in addition to creating beautiful, classic, and elegant wedding invitations, reaves did a wonderful job with our programs as well! i found reaves to be very reasonably priced, and an absolute pleasure to work with!”

— m.t.o.




“i cannot say enough amazing things about reaves engraving! if you are looking for unbelievable quality for an affordable price, this place is the real deal. from the napkins to the invitations to the calligraphy, reaves was able to bring my classic, formal wedding theme to life in the most beautiful way and within budget. not to mention, i had to do this all over the phone due to living in boston and they were so accommodating with all of my requests, extremely positive via email, and a delight to talk with over the phone! thank you reaves for bringing my vision for our special day to life!”

— j. t.




“we are still blown away at how stunning our invitations turned out. they were elegant, well made and absolutely beautiful. we experienced great customer service and they were delivered in a timely manner. they are so affordable compared to other companies i received quotes from. highly, highly recommend!”

— morgan p

  













 






cover photos courtesy of (from left to right):sarah bradshaw photography     sarahbradshawphotography.com (left & center); jenna diprima photography     diprimaphotography.com (right)gallery photos courtesy of:hannah way photographystill55 photography/josephrogero.comrustic white photographytheo milo photographydiprima photographysarah bradshaw photographyellen leroy photographycaroline lima photographyphotography by angela tuckermaura jane photographytiffany johnson designtacari weddingsjennifer b photographymolly mckinley designs“how to” page photo courtesy of:maura jane photography     info@maurajanephotography.comwe thank all of our vendor partners for sharing our services with their clients!



home | about | wedding items | stationery | order info910-280-2476 | info@reavesengraving.com311 south king street | laurinburg, north carolina 28352 

 

reaves engraving, inc. is a privately owned and operated company founded in 1933 that produces outstandingwedding invitations, stationery, and other paper items.the small business with a big history of high quality.we work with you to bring your ideas to life. 

 







