



















iamsuperbianca
















home
#10things
bianca's picks
















skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar



















10 june 2017







testing





test. check.





posted by

bianca



at

3:53 pm



no comments:
      




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest








share on facebook
share on twitter











12 january 2016








lucia











our dearest daughter lucia,

right now as i type this, 
you are tummy to tummy with your daddy, and both of you are asleep on 
the lazy boy. my heart is filled with inexplicable joy looking at you 
both. you are 11 weeks old now.

i have so much i want to tell you and i don't even know where to begin!

i
 thank the lord you were a very easy baby in my tummy and you didn't 
give me a hard time at all. i only had a few weeks of nausea, but the 
rest of the pregnancy was a breeze! i continued to work, i worked out, i
 didn't really have any crazy cravings, plus i never got sick! i gained 
just 20 pounds with you in my tummy so it was easy to carry you around. i
 loved having you in my tummy because your presence calmed me and made 
me feel i was never alone—literally.

you were seven and
 a half months in my tummy when your abuelito, my dad, passed away. it 
was a very, very difficult time especially since your lola ofel, ninong 
jc and ninang aissa live abroad, so it was only me with your abuelito's 
sisters who dealt with everything. i cried so much. we drifted apart 
after he and your lola were separated, but of course he was still my dad
 and i loved him. do you know that he was very excited to meet you? he 
was so happy to find out i was pregnant, and extra happy when he found 
out you were a girl. his friends and workmates told me how excited he 
was about you. since his two other apos, your cousins roco and sabine 
both live abroad, he was very excited to finally have an apo he can 
spend time with. i remember the first time i visited him in the icu.. i 
held his hand.. i told him that even if he was asleep, i knew that he 
felt me there by his side, and that he felt you too.. i told him, this 
is your apo, as i rubbed my tummy.. even if he couldn't respond, i know 
in my heart he was so happy to "meet" you. it was such a painful time 
and you were the one who kept me strong. you were such a brave girl. 
even if i cried so much, i felt that you were so strong and that made me
 strong, too. knowing that you were the happy thought of your abuelito 
during his final days made me so happy. that is when we really decided 
that your name should be lucia. because your name means "light", and you
 were definitely the light during that very difficult time. 

for
 some reason, i was certain you would be born at 38 weeks. i didn't pack
 my hospital bag until you were 37 weeks in my tummy, and your dad 
packed his bag a week after! it was a thursday afternoon when i started 
to feel a different kind of stomach cramp. that night, the contractions 
got more frequent, they got more intense past midnight, and when i was 
sure that i was in labor, i took a nice, long, hot bath, put lotion all 
over, dressed up, and when i was set, i woke up your dad and said, "its 
time, let's go to the hospital." we got to the hospital at around 8am, 
and sure enough, i was 7 centimeters dilated already. by 2pm on october 
23, 2015, you were born, as i guessed, at 38 weeks.

i 
can't even begin to describe how surreal it was that after pushing just 
eight times, you were out in the world, you gave out that first cry, and
 you were placed on my chest. your skin was so red and your cheeks so 
full! your daddy was there beside me the whole time, helping me through 
the delivery. do you know he even cut your umbilical cord? yes, he did! 
that was the day you changed our lives. i finally understood what 
parents mean when they say its love like you've never felt before. 

these
 first few weeks home have been a rollercoaster! you bring so, so, so 
much love and joy to your daddy and me, but at the same time, we're so 
scared and nervous, so tired and sleepless, and sometimes we feel 
helpless when you're fussy and we don't know why. it breaks our heart to
 hear you cry, especially when we can't make you stop. it fills our heart when you stare straight at 
us with your big, round eyes. it melts our heart when you give us those 
big smiles, when you continuously coo as if speaking to us, and when you
 flash those adorable dimples (which honestly, we don't know where you 
got because neither your daddy or i have dimples!) your daddy and i 
often joke—when you're awake and can't sleep, all we want is for you to fall asleep. when you're asleep, all we want to do is wake you 
up so we can play with you again! confession: oftentimes when you are 
asleep, we're both on our phones looking at photos and videos of you!

i've
 had many, many challenging, difficult and tiring jobs, but being a 
mother is the toughest job i've ever had to do. most all mother and baby
 photos i see or articles i read are about the happiness and laughter.. 
hardly anyone ever talks about the frustration and the tears. 
apparently, motherhood comes with both. during the tougher days (aka 
your fussy days), i just think to myself, every single mother on the 
planet was able to do this, so i can too. i only have one shot at taking
 care of you every single day, and i hope i'm doing a good enough job, 
because you deserve nothing but the best. this is the most "trying hard"
 i've ever been my whole life, because i want to be the best mom i can 
be to you.

i'm so lucky because you have an awesome daddy. he does everything, 
helps me with everything, is super hands on, and if only dads could 
breastfeed, he most probably would, too. as early as now i can see it, the way you two look at each other, you two will be magkakampi when you grow up. daddy's girl, no doubt. 

everyone says the first year goes by so 
fast, and that we should enjoy every moment of it. some of your socks 
and onesies are already too small for you, and we really see how fast 
you're growing, chubby cheeks and double chin and all!

we are so excited
 for your many firsts—your first laugh, first word (will it be mama or 
dada??), your first steps, the first time you can hug and kiss us back, 
and so much more. we wanna show you so many things and travel to so many
 places with you. we love you so much its crazy. you truly are the light
 of our lives.

i hope this mushy letter doesn't embarrass you by the time you're old enough to understand it!

love,
mommy







posted by

bianca



at

8:43 pm



14 comments:
      




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest








share on facebook
share on twitter











21 october 2015








my preggo must-haves





this post is 
dedicated to all to-be first time moms like me! this is my first time to
 experience being pregnant, and i still have sooo many questions myself,
 but i would like to share a few things i found very useful for me 
during my pregnancy.


here are my 9 pregnancy must-haves. hope it helps!


 





1. pre-natal pilates

















prior to getting pregnant, i’ve been taking
pilates for over four years already. am so lucky to not have had a maselan pregnancy, and so my ob allowed
and even encouraged me to keep working out! she says that prior to pregnancy,
since i was used to working and working out, that i should just continue
because it is what my body is used to. (makes sense to me!)



i cannot imagine having had gone through
this pregnancy without working out. much like when not pregnant, working out
gives you a rush of energy—something really needed when preggo because you feel
extra tired a lot of times. it helps strengthen all the parts of your body that
you need to keep strong, to carry your growing belly (bibigat talaga siya!) and to eventually push your baby out. and one
of the most masarap parts of the session, it stretches all the cramped up parts
of your body and relieves you of pain or discomfort. 



some are allowed to work out the whole
pregnancy, but in a lot of cases, regular workouts are recommended after the
first trimester is over. i am even more strict with myself going now, compared
to when i wasn’t pregnant! i have been going twice a week for one-on-one one
hour sessions at options studio in podium and timog, with my wonderful trainers
reea and kit.  







2. baby plus








it’s basically a belt pack that plays
beats. in a nutshell, the explanation behind it is that while the baby is in
the tummy, yes, he or she hears all kinds of sounds like our voices or music,
but the simplest recognizable pattern at that stage is the mother’s heartbeat.
so the baby plus plays beats much like an adult’s heartbeat at level 1, and
goes faster and faster until level 16, and “teaches” the baby inside the tummy
about recognizing patterns. pretty convincing for me! parents and experts note
benefits like early milestones, longer attention spans, and strong motor
skills. 



i didn’t play any music like classical or
jazz or nature sounds to our baby this whole pregnancy. i decided to stick with
just the baby plus. i learned about the product from my sister-in-law tracy who
used it on both her kids, roco and sabine.



you start using this at around 5 months of
pregnancy. 








3. belly armor







this is an anti-radiation blanket that i
use all the time to cover my belly, since i am always on my phone and my laptop
for work.





4. dream genii







i got this pillow as a gift from mothercare
when i was around 4 months pregnant. at that time, my tummy was just like a puson, so it was only when i hit around
7.5 months when my tummy really got bigger that i felt the tremendous benefits
of this pillow. as your tummy gets heavier, wow, it gets harder and harder to
find a position to sleep. this pillow perfectly cushions the side of your
tummy, and your lower back, for a good night’s sleep. i literally always sigh a
loud “aaah,” at night when i lie down on this.







5. stretch cotton and shapeless dresses








 


i didn’t buy a single maternity clothing
piece these past months. i didn’t want to spend on those stretch waist shorts
or jeans because i won’t be able to use it anymore post pregnancy! i decided to
buy only things that i would be able to use even when i go back to my regular
body. 



i love wearing tummy hugging
clothes—especially when my tummy really started to get bigger—because i’m
really proud/kilig/happy to show my
big belly! whatever shape or size a pregnant woman is, for me, there is
something so beautiful and sexy about embracing the growing belly. mas masarap nga magsuot ng fitted pag buntis
kasi hindi kailangan maging conscious sa
“stomach in” buong gabi! haha! and
since dresses like these are made of stretch cotton or jersey, i can definitely
use them even when i’m not pregnant anymore. same goes for shapeless dresses!
thank god uso sila this year! they are so comfy, and will still be useable post
pregnancy. 


 



6. skin care regimen






i’ve always been very low maintenance, but
i was always very particular about always washing my face and moisturizing. but
i became more strict with myself about religiously doing my skin care regimen
when i got pregnant. when i hit around 2. 5 months of my pregnancy, my skin
super broke out, both on my face and my back. they say it’s a normal symptom
due to our changing hormone levels, but i wanted to do something about it. it is sooo easy to be tamad when you're pregnant because ang dami mo na ngang ibang inaalala at pinagdadaanan—but i realized its time like these we should put in extra effort, also so we feel better about ourselves!



my regimen is quite simple and short. in
the morning, i would cleanse, tone, and moisturize using olay total effects,
around the whole face and until the neck. (kasi
paniniwala dito, lalong umiitim ang leeg kapag buntis.) before sleeping, at
night, i would cleanse, tone, moisturize, and apply eye cream using skii, also
a p&g product. sure enough, i never did break out again the rest of my
pregnancy, and people seemed to compliment my skin even more than when i wasn’t
pregnant. (pwera bola!) to those
asking, yes, as confirmed by the p&g r&d in singapore, these products
are safe for pregnant women. 



i also did around two visits for a facial
at facial care center. yes, also very safe for pregnant women because they
don’t use any chemicals or medicine on the face. just steaming and cleaning
those clogged pores. 







7. stretch mark cream






 
sobrang mahal! but worth it din kasi
talaga. sobrang mahal ng stretchmark cream—i use both clarins and mustela—and
so far, so good because there were no signs of stretch marks even until i
reached full term. i generously apply around my belly, even until the lower
back, breast area, butt, and outer and inner thighs. 



i plan to keep using it even after giving
birth, because a lot of moms shared that sometimes, its when you “shrink” after
that they appear. 








8. birthing class with chiqui hahn




 
my husband jc and i took this around our 8th
month. it is usually a once a week, six session class, but since it was close
to impossible to make our schedules meet, thankfully, chiqui also does a one
day crash course from 8am to 6pm. 



this is something i really wanted to do,
because i wanted to understand what really will be going on in my body when i’m
in labor. more than just the breathing techniques, i loved that she explained
the order of how things will go when we reach the hospital, how to tell false
alarms from the real thing, different realistic scenarios, the details on how
exactly a baby is delivered, so that when the day comes, i understand what is
happening to my body, instead of just being clueless and in pain. it was also
so important to my husband to be there, so that he understands what is going
on, beyond the possible moans and tears when the big day comes. in fact, he wants
to be the one to cut the umbilical cord when our daughter comes out!



the class was so worth it. just google the
name chiqui hahn to find out about her classes. 





a side note on pregnancy books:

i only used the “what to expect when you’re
expecting” phone app to help me keep track of the number of weeks and the fruit
that corresponds to the size of the baby at each stage (super cute!), but i
don’t really recommend the book and articles itself because a lot of it can
make a pregnant woman praning, at a
time that she should just be super chill and super happily carrying a baby. i
would rather recommend “expecting better” by emily oster, a very realistic,
practical, chill book recommended to me by another mom, stephanie zubiri. 









9. breastfeeding class with the parenting emporium







i took this session when i hit my 37th
week of pregnancy. i am committed to doing all that i can to breastfeed our
baby for as long as i can. i have been warned that breastfeeding is much, much
harder than people think it is. a lot say mas
mahirap pa ang breastfeeding kaysa sa
panganganak! i am already psyching myself for the tough road ahead. the
benefits of breastfeeding are definitely worth it. it really is “best for
babies.”



this class with beng feliciano, a mom of 3,
and joy martinez, an internationally certified lactation expert was so helpful!
i learned about how we come to produce milk, how little the baby really only
needs especially when new born, the possible complications, the ways to address
complications, how to keep it going, and so much more. since i plan to do my
best to balance being hands on and a working mom, i also purchased a medela
breast pump from the parenting emporium, and it is only on the 37th
week or onwards that you can be “fitted” for the breast shield for the
pump.





good luck to us first time moms!!!!





posted by

bianca



at

4:26 pm



8 comments:
      




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest








share on facebook
share on twitter











07 february 2015








part 3: our vows





it was a perfect mix of sunny and breezy that december afternoon. in a gorgeous garden chapel in el nido, palawan, and in front of our parents, siblings, closest friends, godparents, and god, we shared our personal vows.

through the lenses of jason magbanua's team, we'd like to share with you a part of that unforgettable day.

love is such a gift, thank you god!







. . . 




to the soon-to-be brides reading this, will be sharing the names of our suppliers and the diy things i did for our wedding.





posted by

bianca



at

10:27 am



4 comments:
      




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
#jcandb,
jason magbanua





share on facebook
share on twitter











11 january 2015








people of my year 2014





it will definitely be tough for me to top my 2014. 2014 was filled with crazy ups and downs, but it was one of those years that proved to me that as long as you persevere and give it your best, all will be well. sure enough, my year ended on the best note possible: i released my dream book project and i married the love of my life.

i end every year with a blog post on the people that made the biggest impact in my life. it is usually a list of 10, but for this year, i'm keeping it simple. 



the #projectbg team

while working on my book #paanobato, i coined the tag #projectbg. it is so surreal that it seems like only a few months ago that i told my friends, "hey, i wanna write a book," and now, the book is on the bestsellers list of philippine publications. (aaah! to god be the glory!) when you put your heart into it, when bank on your strengths, when you work your ass off, it is true—dreams do come true. 




meet, from the left side, wena manalastas, pr manager for #paanobato; abbey sy, letterer; guia galvez, contributing writer; ionne ocampo, layout artist; and pete rich, illustrator. all so young (and i mean early and mid-20s), all so talented and driven, all with a very bright future ahead. i can't think of better creatives to work with on this dream project of mine. 




of course the book would not be possible without my business and support team, here is mylin montecillo, honey bagsic, peewee reyes-isidro, allen de guzman, and sophie menor. not in the photo but also very much part of my book are pierra calasanz-labrador, em eladia, archie carrasco, sari yap, and suki salvador. this is also the team working extra to get the books back on the shelves soonest. 

a book just seems like a book that one person wrote, but really, it took a whole team to make it happen. and i am so grateful!



#jcandb

on december 4, 2014, in front of an intimate group of all those closest to our hearts, i said "i do" to my boyfriend of almost 4 years, on an island that really felt like paradise. 




when we say intimate, we mean intimate. everyone you see with us in the photo above—they were the 35 guests we had at our little island adventure. they were all part of this dream wedding, and all part of this list. jc's family, papa nars, mama ning, pj and abby, mark and reg, jr and pearl, rex, and vica. my family, daddy chito, mommy ofel, jc and tracy, sabine and roco, aissa, and nanay virgie. our dearest couple friends, jayr and jen reyes, julian and marion h. del pilar, zach and anj estoesta, zion and karla laterre, doug and cheska kramer. our beloved ninongs and their gorgeous wives, direk lauren and liz dyogi, coach norman and benjie black, doc raul and glennda canlas. and our dearest officiating priest fr. tito caluag.

walang perfect sa mundo, but i swear, from the gorgeous el nido scenery, to the weather, to the sunshine and breeze that morning, to the candle-lit afternoon ceremony, to the remote island reception, til the throwing-into-the-pool at the after party, our wedding—to us—seemed perfect. thank you, god!

not in this photo but also a huge part of our wedding, this list, and those we are extremely grateful to, are team pat dy, our photographer, who captured the most priceless moments; team jason magbanua, our videographer, who is truly the best at sharing what a couple's love is all about; liz uy and her styling team, for patiently coordinating with every single person in our group about our looks; robert blancaflor, our florist and event stylist, who made magic and made everything look like a dream-come-to-life; the rosa clara philippines team, because i am so in love with my gown and would not have worn any other; celline bautista, who lovingly made our girls' entourage dresses; and to the amazing el nido team for making everything so easy for me to arrange (we had no wedding coordinator), meps pe, brian ong, and jel lagman. you are all angels to me and jc! 
















 



and of course, to the most important person in this list, my husband, john christopher antonio intal, thank you for your support, patience, and love. thank you god for the gift of you talaga!!!!







. . . 



how about you, who are the people who made a difference in your year? 




posted by

bianca



at

9:59 am



5 comments:
      




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
#jcandb,
#paanobato





share on facebook
share on twitter











08 january 2015








part 2: the "pre nup shoot"





we really didn't want to do what they call a "pre nup shoot" or an "engagement shoot" or whatever else its called. jc and i couldn't imagine ourselves wearing a gown and a suit, all decked out, looking into the horizon.. emoting. di namin kaya!! besides, i told jc, "where would we use those photos?" so we really weren't supposed to do the shoot.

until our awesome wedding photographer pat dy—who is one of the first photographers i ever worked with when i started modeling when i was 17 years old—sent me a message on whatsapp one day saying, "tara, shoot na tayo!" i told him we really couldn't do the whole formal shoot thing. "steady lang naman kami, di kami ma-ganyan." he said, "isip tayo concept." he then sent me a photo of a couple wearing just house clothes, taking a selfie in the bathroom.

that was when we agreed on the idea of doing a very laid back, staycation type of shoot.

everything seemingly fell into place. my dear friend and top stylist liz uy instantly said, "game!" when i asked her if she would like to come along and style the shoot. another dear friend and top makeup artist rb chanco also said yes without batting an eyelash, and she took along hairstylist janet de rama to complete our "look". and our super generous friends from raffles hotel makati, headed by gem valmores, willingly lent us their suite for us to have the shoot in. the day before the shoot, pat told me our wedding videographer, the amazing jason magbanua was also free, "at sasama daw siya para mag-shoot shoot lang." 

on the day of the shoot, everything was super chill and laid back. jc seemed to be more at ease in front of the camera, at parang ako yung mas kinabahan! we ordered pizza for everyone, and even the pizza made it into the shot. everything was done in around 4 hours, because everyone was a breeze to work with. 
























we got our wish of not having to "pose", our wish to just be "us", like how we'd naturally be with each other. we also now have these photos to tell our future grandkids, "uy, fit na fit din kami nung kabataan namin." lol. we realized that that's why pat dy and jason magbanua are #1 in the industry—they don't impose on the couple, they let the personality of the couple shine. the pre-wedding film that jason did was pleasantly, surprisingly, and kilig-ingly (i know walang word na ganun, but it describes it well) a collection of what we were doing when photos weren't being taken. we can't thank this whole team enough for making these captured memories possible—you guys rock!!!!












posted by

bianca



at

12:48 pm



7 comments:
      




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
#jcandb,
janet de rama,
jason magbanua,
liz uy,
pat dy,
raffles hotel,
rb chanco





share on facebook
share on twitter











06 january 2015








part 1: the proposal





planning the start of the rest of your life with your husband is one of the most wonderfully awesome and overwhelming experiences in life.

there are so many amazing people that helped us put everything together, and so much gratitude is owed. i will try my very best to give justice to our loved ones who helped us make everything as humanly perfect as can be.


. . .


this story begins on the (early) morning of march 20, 2014 (early as in 4:00am), when i got to the airport for my flight to london. little did i know that there was a huge surprise waiting for me. our now-ninong-and-ninang kuya alan and ate lani cayetano, who helped my husband jc put this all together, apparently hired a videographer to surprise us with this preserved memory of what happened that morning.




 










posted by

bianca



at

9:37 am



8 comments:
      




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
#jcandb





share on facebook
share on twitter











10 october 2014








our #coffeebreak podcast is back!!


















my good friends chely esguerra, lynn pinugu, anna oposa, and i have this passion project with new media factory, it is a podcast titled coffee break! we are so excited to share with you our new and very special season where we give you life hacks and practical tips ranging from public speaking and presentations, to resume writing, to moving on from a heartache, to make up! 




for our premiere episode, we chat with fitspiration isabelle daza about workouts that work, what to eat, and how to get up from our asses on lazy days. 



watch the episode below! we hope you enjoy (and learn) as much as we did!
















posted by

bianca



at

9:22 pm



3 comments:
      




email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
#coffeebreak,
#fitness,
#fitspiration,
#nmftv,
#podcast,
isabelle daza,
new media factory





share on facebook
share on twitter














previous entries →

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






contact me










about me

bianca gonzalez intaltv host, abs-cbneditor-in-chief, meg magazinecolumnist, philippine starauthor, paano ba 'to?!advocate for education and youth empowermentphilippines



search





archives




archives
june 2017 (1)
january 2016 (1)
october 2015 (1)
february 2015 (1)
january 2015 (3)
october 2014 (1)
august 2014 (1)
july 2014 (2)
june 2014 (1)
may 2014 (1)
april 2014 (1)
march 2014 (6)
february 2014 (3)
january 2014 (4)
june 2013 (1)
april 2013 (1)
january 2013 (1)
october 2012 (1)
september 2012 (2)
august 2012 (1)
april 2012 (1)
january 2012 (2)
december 2011 (1)
november 2011 (1)
october 2011 (4)
september 2011 (4)
august 2011 (4)
july 2011 (3)
june 2011 (5)
may 2011 (4)
april 2011 (2)
march 2011 (3)
february 2011 (2)
january 2011 (2)
december 2010 (2)
november 2010 (2)
october 2010 (2)
september 2010 (3)
august 2010 (4)
july 2010 (2)
june 2010 (2)
may 2010 (2)
april 2010 (2)
march 2010 (2)
february 2010 (3)
january 2010 (4)
december 2009 (2)
november 2009 (1)
october 2009 (2)
september 2009 (3)
august 2009 (4)
july 2009 (1)
june 2009 (3)
may 2009 (4)
april 2009 (2)
march 2009 (1)
february 2009 (2)
january 2009 (1)
november 2008 (2)
september 2008 (1)
august 2008 (1)
june 2008 (1)
may 2008 (2)
april 2008 (3)
february 2008 (3)
january 2008 (3)
december 2007 (3)
november 2007 (3)
october 2007 (4)
september 2007 (5)
august 2007 (4)
july 2007 (5)
june 2007 (4)
may 2007 (4)
april 2007 (2)
march 2007 (6)
february 2007 (4)
november 2005 (1)
october 2005 (1)
september 2005 (1)
august 2005 (1)
july 2005 (1)
may 2005 (1)
april 2005 (1)
march 2005 (1)
february 2005 (1)
january 2005 (3)
december 2004 (2)
november 2004 (4)
october 2004 (4)
september 2004 (3)
august 2004 (5)
july 2004 (4)
june 2004 (5)
may 2004 (4)
april 2004 (7)
march 2004 (8)
february 2004 (9)
january 2004 (6)
december 2003 (12)
november 2003 (11)
october 2003 (12)
september 2003 (7)






popular posts




(no title)
i don't want to forget this moment. i don't want to forget this feeling. i don't want to forget any little detail. masaya maging...










(no title)
woohoo! super excited ako na ipakita sa inyo ang bago kong alaga, my very own canon 400d!! yaaay! my grrreeeaaatest appreciation goes to jus...





(no title)
**this post was last updated 10pm, 2 october 2009. please keep adding a comment if you have additional info! **i just have to share this ins...





(no title)
dear superbianca.blogspot.com, wow.. in three months, we're going to be six years together. phew!! six years!! i'm feeling a bit sen...










(no title)
random quarter life crisis ramblings. i’m 25! grabe, ang bilis ng panahon. i sooo don’t feel like i’m 25 years old. that’s exactly a quarter...





(no title)
to my super blog readers, thank you for coming to visit my blog and thank you for your comments and your likes on my posts! it truly means a...










(no title)
"according to all known laws of aviation there is no way a bee should be able to fly. a bees’ wings are too short and their bodies too ...





(no title)
dear broken heart.. this post is dedicated to all those going through difficult matters of the heart! ”diary of a broken heart” , this was m...





(no title)
and after over a year.. finally i am back to blogging. am happy to be writing again! phew. what a year 2006 has been for me. what a year, i ...










(no title)
status update: bianca wants to travel and travel.. :) i heart ny. i love new york because of the energy this city exudes. when i was a kid, ...









 



theme by 17th avenue.
      


powered by blogger.









