









burlen ltd | vintage and classic vehicle fuel system specialist








































javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.
for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.











burlen
su
amal
zenith
austin pedal cars
skinners union clothing
tel +44 (0)1722 412 500

menu





basket


















 











                    sign in            
contact



        skip to content    


search




search






        advanced search    








                    auc                
(2)



                    aud                
(1)



                    wzx                
(1)



                    the                
(25)




            recent searches        


                    stromberg needle                
(3)



                    150 cd4                
(1)



                    150 cd                
(2)



                    150 c                
(1)







search













su carburreter parts





amal carburreter parts





zenith carburreter parts






our history
our people
our world
faqs
customer service
contact




sign in
register
my account
sign out
tel: +44 (0)1722 412 500









welcome tothe world ofburlen
the home of su, amal and zenithcarburetters, skinners union & austinpedal cars















                    su carburetter parts
                    shop now

shop parts













                    amal carburetter parts
                    shop now

shop parts













                    zenith carburetter parts
                    shop now

shop parts




































we are the world's sole manufacturer of genuine su, amal & zenith carburettors, fuel pumps and spares.

 




welcome to the world of burlen, home of su, amal and zenith carburetters. here you can purchase product, view technical information and read our latest news and features.


the story of burlen spans many years, and the way in which we acquired the famous brands we offer has an interesting back story. to learn more about burlen we invite you to take a look at our history section. while burlen itself has a story to tell, it’s our brands that attract buyers and fans from around the globe.







 about su shop su
 about amal shop amal


 about zenith shop zenith
 about austin austin pedal cars


 about skinners union shop skinners union







a brand steeped in history

the burlen team are advocates of practicing what we preach, with the directors all being committed car and motorcycle enthusiasts. the wider burlen team also ride, drive, race and fly an array of machinery that use our brands for carburation. read our latest news and stories to stay updated with our love of all things motorised.
visit our world to read more









modern & traditonal techniques for restoration
our carburettor services and restoration department can restore your su carbs to as new condition. using years of hands-on experience our engineers can take worn, damaged and broken carburetters through an intricate program to bring them back to former glory. all restorations use genuine parts and original technical specifications. burlen is the only place with the knowledge, spares back up and experience to rebuild your carburetters to factory, warranted condition.
find out about restoration








technical advice
for those looking for technical carburetter assistance we can provide guidance in various forms. we have a range of online diagrams to aid purchasing and fitment, video how-to guides and the option to email or telephone our in-house experts. we're a team of carburettor specialists with years of combined carburetter experience and will gladly help you with your questions or concerns.
get su technical advice get amal technical advice get zenith technical advice








view our merchandise
 
shop now >





 latest videos
watch the latest videos from the world of burlen

 our people
meet the team here at burlen

 our world
all the latest happenings from the world of burlen




follow us on social media
if you enjoy social media, you can find burlen on facebook, twitter and instagram. here we offer relaxed insight into what we do and would love you to join us. to follow please click on your preferred icon below.









follow us follow us follow us




if you need a part fast, call burlen first. we manufacture all su, amal and zenith carburetters on site and while many are built to order we also build for stock too. whether you need a compete fuelling system or the smallest of spare parts, we can ship fast, around the globe thanks to our stock availability and dedicated shipping team. order online and we’ll do the rest.


interestingly the factory site we operate from was used to construct elements of the spitfire aircraft during the war and the su brand was famous for being standard fitment to all spitfire and hurricane aircraft during world war ii. you can read more about su aviation carburetters and the subsequent fix needed to prevent stalling, here.

thank you for your interest in burlen and su, amal and zenith carburetters. we hope you enjoy the website and look forward to your future custom and interaction.










newsletter




                    stay up to date with us                






subscribe


you'll get an update email. no spam, just the latest news, product information and great content









privacy
t&cs
customer service
contact





 

