d.l.s. electronic systems, inc.       d.l.s. electronic systems, inc.1250 peterson dr., wheeling, il 60090 / (847) 537-6400  toggle navigation    markets served mil-std rtca do-160/aviation industrial machinery and controls hha-restaurant equipment laboratory multimedia/ite lighting and luminaires iot – internet of things wireless medical automotive/construction/agricultural equipment  testing services remote access monitoring of compliance testing emi/emc testing introduction military introduction radiated emissions conducted emissions radiated susceptibility conducted susceptibility power quality introduction mil-std-464 mil-std-704 mil-std-1275 mil-std-1399 consulting introduction early design evaluation    rtca-do-160/aviation introduction consulting introduction early design evaluation   fcc/ised introduction fcc ised 10-meter emissions testing 30 meter emissions consulting introduction early design evaluation   european union introduction step by step guides ce compliance 10-meter emissions testing consulting introduction early design evaluation   united kingdom korea emc testing automotive introduction emc consulting introduction early design evaluation   medical introduction emc compliance rfid consulting introduction early design evaluation   shielding effectiveness other global requirements  wireless testing introduction test standards markets & regulations iot testing consulting introduction early design evaluation   product safety testing introduction us nrtl and canada ce compliance ukca compliance requirements for the uk medical device regulations en iec testing cb certification ccc certification consulting introduction early design evaluation   environmental testing introduction mil-std-810 rtca-do-160 mil- std 202 automotive en iec standards sae standards ip environmental testing nema standards astm standards hass testing other standards consulting introduction early design evaluation    facilities introduction wheeling, il, headquarters wheeling, il, east campus genoa city, wi  accreditations introduction anab  articles/publications introduction newsletters press releases technical articles step-by-step guides upcoming events  careers about dls about us contact us mission history engineering staff useful links maps wheeling, il genoa city, wi  while you’re here what to see and do and where to stay hotels attractions restaurants   d.l.s. electronic systems, inc.1250 peterson dr., wheeling, il 60090 / (847) 537-6400  toggle navigation    markets served mil-std rtca do-160/aviation industrial machinery and controls hha-restaurant equipment laboratory multimedia/ite lighting and luminaires iot – internet of things wireless medical automotive/construction/agricultural equipment  testing services remote access monitoring of compliance testing emi/emc testing introduction military introduction radiated emissions conducted emissions radiated susceptibility conducted susceptibility power quality introduction mil-std-464 mil-std-704 mil-std-1275 mil-std-1399 consulting introduction early design evaluation    rtca-do-160/aviation introduction consulting introduction early design evaluation   fcc/ised introduction fcc ised 10-meter emissions testing 30 meter emissions consulting introduction early design evaluation   european union introduction step by step guides ce compliance 10-meter emissions testing consulting introduction early design evaluation   united kingdom korea emc testing automotive introduction emc consulting introduction early design evaluation   medical introduction emc compliance rfid consulting introduction early design evaluation   shielding effectiveness other global requirements  wireless testing introduction test standards markets & regulations iot testing consulting introduction early design evaluation   product safety testing introduction us nrtl and canada ce compliance ukca compliance requirements for the uk medical device regulations en iec testing cb certification ccc certification consulting introduction early design evaluation   environmental testing introduction mil-std-810 rtca-do-160 mil- std 202 automotive en iec standards sae standards ip environmental testing nema standards astm standards hass testing other standards consulting introduction early design evaluation    facilities introduction wheeling, il, headquarters wheeling, il, east campus genoa city, wi  accreditations introduction anab  articles/publications introduction newsletters press releases technical articles step-by-step guides upcoming events  careers about dls about us contact us mission history engineering staff useful links maps wheeling, il genoa city, wi  while you’re here what to see and do and where to stay hotels attractions restaurants  your global compliance partnerhomed.l.s. electronic systems, inc.  welcome tod.l.s. electronic systems, inc."what brought me to dls was the strong technical reputation that don and his staff had earned throughout the industry. what kept me coming back was the fact that everyone at dls not only lived up to that technical reputation, but also treated me more like a colleague that a customer."n.k. - military & aerospace, april 2024household appliance and similar device testing and consultingd.l.s. headquartersenvironmental testingmil-std testingemc/ce compliancecentered in wheeling, ilmedical device and equipment testing and consultingavionics and rtca do-160 testingwireless and radio testing  previous  nextyou can ensure your products are in compliance by using d.l.s. electronic systems' full service laboratory offering testing, consulting, engineering services & problem solving for your emi/emc, wireless, product safety & environmental needs.  notice: javascript is required for this content.    the d.l.s. advantage 40 years compliance testing experience full range testing services, including emi/emc, safety, environmental, and wireless an experienced staff of inarte certified engineers  "thank you to the d.l.s. team that so warmly welcomed us last tuesday. we were extremely impressed with the expertise, knowledge, and value you bring to the emi/emc equation. it is clear that you are much, much more than just a test laboratory. the assistance before, during, and after the testing really sets you apart from almost all testing facilities i've been associated with.  i sensed a great deal of pride from your entire workforce which is certainly justified! i look forward to partnering with you on our ongoing needs.  again, thanks for your wonderful hospitality."jason s - manufacturer of household appliances  our testing, consulting  & engineering servicesd.l.s. electronic systems is here for you. we do the research, make the recommendations, perform the testing, compile the report, submit the filings, and follow each project through completion to ensure a smooth and timely route to product compliance.we aren’t just a test lab. we are an engineering firm. we will teach you how to design your product for compliance. if you have a compliance issue, we will work with you to find a solution. please contact us or request a quote for a smooth testing experience.emi/emc testingd.l.s. electronic systems, inc. provides emi/emc testing and consulting services to the electronics, medical equipment, automotive, aerospace, computer, industrial equipment, laboratory equipment, military, restaurant and household appliances, telecommunications, and other industries. we are an anab accredited test facility, capable of testing electronic equipment to today's high frequency requirements. our 16 test chambers and 3 open area test sites can perform full scan immunity and emissions testing at frequencies up to 40 ghz. please contact us or request a quote for your specific requirements.environmental/climatic/mechanical testingd.l.s. wheeling, il, east campus provides testing services for environmental testing under its accredited ansi/anab iso 17025 program. this globally accepted accreditation covers environmental, climatic, and mechanical testing that includes vibration and shock, temperature extremes, sand and dust, fluid and chemical resistance, altitude, humidity, salt spray, ingress protection, icing, flammability, explosive atmosphere, and other related testing services for military, aviation and avionics, industrial, medical/laboratory, and automotive markets.  please contact us or request a quote to find out how we can help you with your environmental or safety testing needs.product safety testingconformity assessment at the d.l.s. wheeling, il, east campus provides product safety testing and evaluation under its accredited ansi/anab iso 17025 program. this globally accepted accreditation covers electrical and related mechanical testing that includes us, canada with our nrtl nemko program, europe, united kingdom, australia, and other global markets.  it is an accredited product safety testing and consulting organization within the d.l.s. corporate umbrella.  the conformity assessment group offers full compliance testing services for ul, canada, ce mark, ukca mark, iec, iso, sae, and other compliance requirements for ite/multi-media, household and similar appliances, restaurant equipment, industrial machinery, medical, laboratory-test measurement, and automotive equipment.  please contact us or request a quote to find out how we can help you with your environmental or safety testing needs.wireless/radio testingat d.l.s. electronic systems, inc. in genoa city, wi, the testing  and compliance of your wireless device will be accomplished with accuracy, precision and efficiency. our 35+ years of experience and knowledge with wireless devices, as well as our commitment to understanding the continuous evolution of technologies and regulations, will ensure every project is done right the first time.  please contact us or request a quote to get wireless/radio project started.d.l.s. certifications and accreditationsanab/inarte  d.l.s. electronic systems, inc. is a fully accredited facility.d.l.s. is an approved laboratory for fcc, ised canada, acma, vcci and other global requirements.d.l.s. is accredited by ansi under their anab program to iso/iec 17025. this globally accepted program covers environmental testing under mil-std 810, mil-std 202, rtca do-160, ansi, astm, iec, ista, nema, and sae standards and we are able to test to many of your requirements including, but not limited to, ansi, ce/ukca mark, kc, aca, cispr, csa, en, etsi, fcc, ised canada, ieee, iec, mil-std, and rtca do-160.d.l.s. also offers a complete product safety testing program at our wheeling east campus, specializing in compliance for the european union under the ce mark. d.l.s. supports product safety testing requirements under the low voltage directive (lvd) 2014/35/eu, the medical device directive (mdd) 93/42/ec, the machinery directive, 2006/42/ec and the safety requirements found in the radio equipment directive (red) 2014/53/eu. d.l.s. can also provide u.s. and canada safety programs, as well as other countries through our partner lab affiliations. let our experienced product safety engineering staff help determine how best to show compliance in the global marketplace.we are also an inarte certified organization.please contact us or request a quote to find out how we can help you test and meet your product’s compliance needs.  don’t overlook the fact thatcompliance mattersthere are many different testing standards in the electronics world that are necessary to pass in order for your product to be allowed into markets of the countries all over the world.  please contact d.l.s.  or request a quote to find out how we can supply you with the expertise you need.getting agency approval what compliance means  ask for a quote from d.l.s. today to see how we can meet your electronic product compliance needs.   request a quote now   we can do itget in touch   centrally located just 20 minutes from o’hare international airport, d.l.s. electronic systems’ wheeling, illinois headquarters facility is housed in a 30,000 square foot facility featuring numerous mil-std, rtca, emissions, & immunity chambers. many different size chambers and power requirements are available to you. please contact us with your specific needs.located around the corner from the d.l.s. headquarters, the d.l.s. east campus houses the expanded conformity assessment business unit of d.l.s. this facility supports environmental testing for mil-std, rtca, astm, sae, en, iec, iso, ansi, and several other standards, under formal accreditations through the ansi/anab iso 17025 program under ansi-asq national accreditation board. d.l.s. also offers a complete product safety testing program at our wheeling east campus, specializing in compliance for the european union under the ce mark and the ukca mark for great britain. d.l.s. supports product safety testing requirements under the low voltage directive (lvd) 2014/35/eu, the medical device directive (mdd) 93/42/ec, the machinery directive, 2006/42/ec and the safety requirements found in the radio equipment directive (red) 2014/53/eu. d.l.s. can also provide u.s. and canada safety programs, as well as other countries through our partner lab affiliations. located just 45 miles northwest of wheeling, illinois, d.l.s. electronic systems’ open area test site is situated on a four-acre parcel with two 10-meter all weather enclosed open area test sites, a 3-meter anechoic chamber, multiple shielded rooms, and availability that can accommodate your product’s compliance or pre-compliance testing for radiated and conducted emissions.please contact us or request a quote to find out how our experienced product safety engineering staff can help determine how best to show compliance in the global marketplace.contact us     847-537-6400      847-537-6488      sales@dlsemc.com  why us     expertise      experience      exceptional service our expertsmeet our employeesdonald l. sweeneyfounder of d.l.s. president 1983-2021senior emc engineerspecializing in emc/emi and rfi testing and consulting don was a graduate of the department of electrical engineering, university of illinois at urbana with over 50 years experience in the emc and electrical engineering fields. he taught emc at the university of wisconsin and electronics at oakton college before creating his emc by your design seminars and forming the six-member d.l.s. instructor team. don contributed to many chapters of the current seminar textbook, controlling radiated emissions by design (2014). he also wrote the chapter “understanding the role of rtca do-160 in the avionics certification process” in the 2013 digital avionics handbook. before forming d.l.s., don worked for extel, teletype, gates radio and collins radio. to read about his legacy, please click here.corey sweeneypresidentcurrent presidentcorey l. sweeney has been at d.l.s. since its inception and has held a diversity of jobs over the years.  due to his forward thinking, don often involved him in management decision making, leading don to appoint corey to succeed him as president.co-founder, ceo and advertising managermarilyn has been a part of the company since its inception in 1983, assuming various positions over the years. she has co-authored many industry-related papers. she has a ma in written composition from northeastern illinois university. marilyn is the wife of d.l.s.’s late founder, donald l. sweeney.marilyn sweeneychief executive officerbrian j. mattsongeneral managerspecializing in emc/emi and rfi testing and consultingbrian has been with d.l.s. for over 30 years. he was appointed to the position of general manager in 1996. before that he held roles as lab manager & emc test engineer. brian has an eet degree from devry institute of technology and has completed his cba from uic. he has been involved with all aspects of d.l.s. using don as his mentor to gain the business & technical knowledge needed to run the company on a daily basis. he is a member of the ieee emc society & is involved with the acil.wheeling lab manager specializing in emc/emi and rfi testing and consultingmark has been with d.l.s. for over 20 years.  before becoming lab manager, he held roles as senior emc test engineer and technical writer preparing mil-std test plans.  mark, a certified inarte engineer since 2003, has an eet degree from devry institute of technology in addison.mark rozemawheeling emc lab managercory bradshawgenoa city, witesting facility managersenior emc engineergenoa city lab manager specializing in emc/emi and rfi testing and consultingcory has been with d.l.s. for over 12 years and is currently still our senior automotive emc test engineer. prior to becoming the genoa lab manager, he owned his own electronic repair company and has 15 years of experience with many other aspects of electro/mechanical development. cory, is a certified inarte test technician, an member of ieee emc society and has a bachelors degree in technical management along with an et degree from devry institute of technology in addison.for more information about iot and wireless compliance regulations, you can go to iot appliances or request a quote.specializing in product safety and environmental testing mitch has enjoyed a career spanning over 20 years in engineering and management with  growth and mature businesses.  having extensive knowledge of testing and compliance he has been managing d.l.s. electronic systems’ conformity assessment – environmental and product safety divisions of d.l.s. es.he spent 15 years combined at d.l.s. es in engineering testing and management positions and eleven years in engineering and marketing at charles industries.mitch holds bseet from devry university and ms in business from northwestern university in evanston, il.for more information regarding product safety or environmental testing, please go to product safety testing or environmental testing at d.l.s. or request a quote. mitch gaudyntechnical facility managerjack prawica1970-2021in honor of jack prawicad.l.s. was fortunate to have had jack our as technical manager and wheeling lab manager for 29 years. his quick smile and caring attitude, in addition to his technical and management skills, will be deeply missed. thank you, jack, for your years of loyalty and dedication and for the skills you have shared with other engineers who will be carrying on your work.our engineering staff is accredited by inarte, the international association of radio and telecommunications engineers, inc. the us navy, through navair to ensure that their equipment was being tested correctly, established this program in the late 1980s. this program exists today, with prospective engineers required to take and pass a written certification examination test. most navair related programs still require that the testing be performed, certified, or supervised by inarte engineering staff.d.l.s. provides an experienced technical staff of 25 engineers, 18 of which are certified to the inarte standards. these engineers are trained not only in test performance and methodology, but provide engineering assistance with respect to compliance failures, offering on the spot troubleshooting and problem-solving experiences. d.l.s. was also awarded inarte’s prestigious organizational certification.experience & expertisethe team   search  request a quote contact us upcoming events client feedback surveyjoin our mailing list notice: javascript is required for this content.  © copyright 1983-2023 -- this website must not be copied or reproduced, without the approval of d.l.s. electronic systems, inc.                             