




operation serve international | mercy missions




























 scroll to top













≡

home
our work
take action

mercy missions
one week adventures
internship
youth teams
egypt
the 5 w's of osi


calendar
field stories

mexico field
egypt field


photos/videos

photos
videos


contact osi
donate








#christmasforachild



















 1 2 3 4 5 6











operation serve® international
let us not love with words or tongue, but with actions and truth.






donate to osi

operation serve® international (osi) relies on your prayerful support and generous contributions to help us serve those in need. your support allows us to bring dental care, hair care, eye care, medical care, food, christmas presents for children, supplies, teach english as a second language, support pastors, raise leaders, touch lives for christ … and so much more. donate today to support osi.






osi calendars

access our calendars to find the mercy mission dates for our short term ministry trips to mexico, and also calendars for the internship dates in mexico. the calendars currently cover 2022 – 2024 and the deadlines for each trip's applications and fees. if any of the deadlines are past and you still want to join us, call the office at 513.939.2000 to see which teams have extended deadlines so that you can still join us!






follow osi on facebook




operation serve international








about operation serve® international
operation serve® international (osi) is a non-denominational ministry established in 1983 with a passion to extend the kingdom of god on earth. osi deploys hundreds of great commission minded christians to serve the poor and needy as well as train national leaders. as a kingdom minded ministry our teams come from a wide range of christian denominations and affiliations. our motto is “sharing the love of christ in word & deed!”







 


experience the thrill of touching the lives of others for christ.





the thrill of osi
 travel to other countries, help the helpless, and change the world. that is what you can expect from a trip with operation serve international. osi provides physical and spiritual aid to the poor and destitute living in mexico and egypt. christ who made the ultimate sacrifice said: 
   “this is my commandment, that you love one another as i have loved you” john 15:12.
                     go on an osi mission trip and spread gods love through word and deed. 









 


the work and ministry of osi demonstrate christ through word and deed. 





focus up
our focus is to bring people to christ through word and deed.
   “dear children, let us not love with words or tongue but with actions and in truth.” 1 john3:18
                     by meeting physical needs through medical, optical, dental, and personal hygiene, osi is able to open the doors to meeting the spiritual needs as well. people just like you who keep their eyes fixed on the lord accomplish the focus of osi.









 


are you ready?
                            check out the opportunities to change the world!





change the world
osi uses four methods to change the world around us: mercy missions (short-term teams), education and community development, indigenous leadership training, and oasis publishing.
                     are you ready for god to show up? check out our short term mercy missions teams! in one week you can change someone’s eternity.
                     do you want to live in community with the world around you? through education and community development, we are strengthening the people we serve and preparing them for god’s plan.





“to change a country you must first affect its leaders,” said dr. sameh sadik executive director of osi. with leadership training and oasis publishing, we are doing just that! by hosting conferences and offering relevant biblically sound materials in native languages, osi helps to strengthen existing ministry in their presentation of the gospel.







          one stop center






team coordinators resources
applications
faq's
checklists
health and wellness












pdf resources

fundraising 101
flights, fundraising, field
flight guide
guardianship information
osi large team guide
mission trips, social media & you
parent or legal guardian authorization
team coordinator 3-step guide
team guide for mexico




















applications

osi team application
osi alumni application
osi pastoral reference
osi internship application
covid 19 guidelines




















faq's

dental
medical
optical
interns




















checklists

packing checklist
team member info chart




















health & wellness

mexico travel


























join osi on a mercy mission
”he is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose.“ – jim elliot













our mission
the mission of operation serve® is to motivate and mobilize concerned christians to assist in the work of god among the poor and destitute in underserved and unreached places. osi seeks to strengthen existing ministries in their presentation of the gospel of christ by communicating the love of god in both word and deed.







© 2017 operation serve® international  |  513.939.2000  |  p.o. box 18070, fairfield, oh 45018-0070
        operation serve® all images and content are property of operation serve international
        operation serve® is a ministry of operation serve, inc. dba operation serve international  |  privacy policy




top

close

operation serve international 
privacy statement


privacy policy
your privacy is important to us. to better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online and offline information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
the information we collect
this notice applies to all information collected or submitted online or offline to operation serve international. the types of personal information collected are:

name
 mailing address
 email address
 phone number
 credit/debit card information

in some instances, you may submit information about other individuals. for example, if you send a memorial or scholarship, you may include another person’s name and address for acknowledgement purposes. in this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:

name
mailing address

the way we use information
operation serve international guarantees that we do not and will not sell or share our donors’ personal or contact information with anyone else, nor will we send mailings on behalf of other organizations. we use the information you provide about yourself or someone else when making a donation only to complete that donation. we do not share this information with outside parties. we use return email addresses to answer the email we receive and to distribute additional information if requested. such addresses are not shared with outside parties but will be added to our email newsletter unless otherwise requested.
we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
our commitment to data security
to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. paper information is saved and stored at our main office with limited access to employees; paper information is destroyed after 7 years. electronic information is collected and stored on a secure server located at the main office, all computers are protected by mcafee security systems.
how you can access or correct your information
you can access all of your personally identifiable information collected by operation serve international. you can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows the error.
to protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
how to contact us
should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 513-939-2000 or send us an email at jennifer@operationserve.org.





