



premier sports – immerse. inspire. ignite.






























































 













in the sports business, longevity can be evasive. long-term relevance is only realized with a combination of hard work, high performance, trust, mutually-beneficial partnerships, ability to adapt and large doses of perseverance. premier sports has built a track record of success that has now spanned the past three decades. rooted in a deep passion for excellence and values, our team has been a major-league partner with sports properties and corporate brands, consistently delivering world-class work in an ever-changing world.check out a brief history of our ground-breaking projects at the highest level of sports: 

















 


								nfl							

								"play football"							







							we helped the nfl launch it's highly-successful "play football" youth initiative – including nfl punt, pass & kick and nfl flag – an anchor platform for the past 25+ years.						


















 


								college football playoff							

								bcs rebrand							







							we led the bowl championship series (bcs) rebrand to the college football playoff, a huge moment in the grand history of college football.						


















 


								mls							

								framework + connection							







							we built the framework for major league soccer, in its infancy, to connect the league with the nation's all-important youth soccer market that has become a significant component of the league's long-term success.						






















 


								nabc							

								hall of fame							







							we partnered with the nabc to develop the strategic plan, launch and execution of the national collegiate basketball hall of fame, the highest honor in the game, and continue to manage its marquee annual induction event 15 years later.						


















 


								health systems							

								nfl and mlb							







							we engineered a trailblazing effort that created one of the first comprehensive medical and marketing partnerships between a health system and pro sports franchises in the nfl and mlb.						


















 


								ncaa							

								partnerships							







							we helped a fortune 100 company navigate their entry into the ncaa corporate partnership space and developed a marketing and community platform as its centerpiece.						
























below is a high-level breakout of our current sports management business lines: 

























 


								event management							

								(live + virtual)							







							event management						

							premier has developed and produced world-class events on the biggest stages in sports.
our broad scope of expertise ranges from televised award shows, to fan experiences, to exclusive hospitality environments, to athletic competitions and now the rapidly-growing success of virtual events. events bring sports, brands and people together, and premier delivers at a championship level.						


















 


								sponsorship consulting							

								(partner + profit)							







							sponsorship consulting						

							sports transcend borders, languages and cultures. we work with companies to define sports sponsorship objectives and determine where they fit in the overall marketing mix of a brand, as an effective means to build brand awareness and consumer consideration. we then assess those opportunities and create innovative strategies to best utilize these  investments.  						


















 


								property creation							

								(development + execution)							







							property creation						

							from its infancy to a full-fledged grassroots marketing platform for a corporate partner, the development of a property takes more than just a couple of brainstorming sessions. we call into action an entire team contributing to all facets of the property and developing marketing plans and grassroots activities that encompass local, regional and national players. 						

















 





 





 



 







strategy. 



our team will immerse itself in your brand to thoroughly understand your culture, your audience and your business objectives. this equips us to successfully help you strategize and execute your sports marketing initiatives. 






immerse















 



 







development. 



we inspire creative thinking – and challenge ourselves and our partners to explore “the world of possible.” that allows us to then effectively leverage the power of sports to inspire your audience. using excellence as our guide, we’ll develop the ideal game plan. 






inspire















 



 



 







execution. 



we believe that inspiration is what ignites action. ultimately, our goal is to find innovative and compelling opportunities that will build your brand, motivate your team and fuel your audience to new levels of loyalty. together, we will knock it out of the park. 






ignite




















we've worked with

the legends






one key indication of premier’s reputation and success in sports is who we’ve worked with over the years. we’ve partnered with virtually every major professional sports league and collegiate governing body that drives the sports business. and the lineup of individual personalities – athletes, coaches, broadcasters and entertainers – is, well, legendary. we’ve had the honor of hosting many of the greatest names in sports history while managing our events, partnerships and marketing platforms.  











leagues + organizations 













 

 

 














businesses + corporations 













 

 

 














talent + personalities 













 

 

 















 





 






hear from our partners














						“premier sports is a valuable partner of the nabc and has been instrumental in the development and success of the national collegiate basketball hall of fame. they are a terrific resource because of their wide range of capabilities, starting with the up-front strategic planning all the way through the many important details of marketing and managing a major event. premier has a team of diligent, hard-working people who pursue excellence in their work and yet conduct business with high integrity.”					


jim haneynabc executive director emeritus 






						“premier sports provided innovative branding and marketing services for college football’s new playoff structure. their staff conducted a thorough process from beginning to end; they listened and made creative suggestions. they’re professionals who really know their stuff.”					


bill hancockexecutive director, college football playoff 






						“clearly, with premier’s involvement, we took another gigantic step in the evolution of this event. the professionalism of your team left great impressions on everyone involved in the event.”					


bob kendrickpresident, negro leagues baseball museum 






						“premier sports management is an important and valued partner as the university of kansas health system develops the marketing strategy for our unique sports medicine program. the depth and breadth of their experience in negotiating and leveraging major sports partnerships is instrumental in our ability to expand our brand to provide exceptional care to everyday and professional athletes alike.”					


bob pagepresident and ceo, the university of kansas health system 






						“we greatly value the premier partnership and are so proud of the work that our teams have accomplished together. thank you so much for your candidness, partnership and great counsel.”					


christina livelyvice-president - marketing, communications & community investments, blue cross blue shield 






						“the partnership with premier has been the key to much of fca’s development success. it goes much deeper than running an event, which they are the best. their team has helped bring clarity to our overall development strategies. not only have they provided leadership for our national events, but have been instrument in moving forward with fca’s regional events strategy. this has been incredibly successful, helping us develop more key relationships and grow organizationally. fca would not be where we are today without premier.”					


mike millerexecutive vice-president, donor & board advancement, fca 





 previous


 next
















contact us 











								name							




								email							




								phone							




								message							
 

 



submit
































