



	winchester - homepage
































skip to content











text size:



search



























patients & visitorscoming to wdmh

preparing for your hospital stay

our approach to care

compliments and concerns


our services
studentslearning at wdmh

family medicine residents

academic placements

scholarships

wdmh learning hub


researchmeet our research team

what's happening

ask a research question

rural research network reb

participate in a clinical trial 

transition in care


careers & volunteerswork at wdmh

volunteer at wdmh

about our region


donate
about uswhat guides us	

accountability 

board of directors

our team

patient & family engagement committee

news & publications

virtual baby shower


contact uscompliments & concerns

contact a patient

departmental directory

































http://www.wdmh.on.ca/mychart





http://www.wdmh.on.ca/workingatwdmh











http://www.wdmh.on.ca/mentalhealth

















http://www.wdmh.on.ca/patientinformationclinicaltrials





https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0nwunxvcjs&feature=youtu.be





http://www.wdmh.on.ca/wdmhlearninghub






























wdmh news


january 2, 2025
wdmh christmas and new year's babies have arrived read more


december 19, 2024
still on her toes after 36 years at wdmhread more


december 18, 2024
here's to a happy, healthy holiday seasonread more







corporate membershipsapplications to become a member of the wdmh corporation are now open until april 25, 2025. learn more.  our new lookseveral clinical areas have moved to new areas in the hospital. the overall goal is better patient care and better connections for our healthcare team. check out the new hospital maps.  we're here for youno one wants to get sick, but if you do, we're here for you. please bring your health care - and your patience. we know that the wait to see a physician can be long and that can change quickly. sometimes, it seems like others who arrived later are being treated before you, but it is only because their needs are greater. our team is working hard to take care of you. we encourage those with mild concerns to make an appointment with your
doctor or nurse practitioner for the most appropriate care. some offices offer
after-hours or weekend care. other options include:contact the east region virtual care clinic at 1-888-684-1999call 811 or chat online at https://health811.ontario.ca/. there is also a toll-free tty line: 1-866-797-0007. having a colonoscopy?  we can help you get ready!   about the procedurepreparation instructions  masking at wdmh masking for patients and visitors is optional at wdmh, but it is strongly recommended in all clinical areas of the hospital including the emergency department and patient rooms. masks are available at the entrances and in clinical areas. anyone who feels unwell or is symptomatic should wear a mask to limit transmission. please do not come to the hospital to visit patients if you are sick.wdmh proud!thank you to the united counties of stormont, dundas and glengarry for creating this new recruitment video for wdmh. we are so proud to highlight our team and wdmh as a great place to work. watch it now! 










 
 
 





















we are working to make our website fully accessible. 
learn more. 
             © copyright 2025 wdmh. all rights reserved.
powered by blue lemon media










terms of use privacy statement login









