









houghi.org – what i think is usefull to put online. most isn't.























 




skip to content


 what i think is usefull to put online. most isn't.



home
about
contact
privacy
 

search our site...

















00days00hours00minutes00seconds
adult resignation
to whom it may concern:
i am hereby officially rendering my resignation as an adult. i have decided i would like to accept the responsibilities of a 6 year old again. 
i want to go to mcdonald’s and think that it’s a four star restaurant.i want to sail sticks across a fresh mud puddle and make ripples with rocks.i want to think m&ms are better than money, because you can eat them.i want to play kick-ball during recess and paint with watercolours in art.i want to lie under a big oak tree and run a lemonade stand with my friends on a hot summers day.i want to return to a time when life was simple.i want to know only colours, addition tables and simple nursery rhymes.i want to think that the world is fair and that everyone in it is honest and good.
somewhere in my youth…i matured and i learned too much.i learned of nuclear weapons, war, prejudice, starvation and abused children.i learned of lies, unhappy marriages, suffering, illness, pain and death.i learned of a world where men left their families to go and fight for our country, and returned only to end up living on the streets… begging for their next meal.i learned of a world where children knew how to kill…and did.
i want to be oblivious to the complexity of life and be overly excited by little things once again.i want to return to the days when reading was fun and music was clean.i want television to be something i watch for fun, not something i use for escape from the things i should be doing.i want to live knowing the little things i find exciting will always make me as happy as when i first learned them.i want to believe that anything is possible.i want to be naive and thinking that everyone was happy because i was.i want to walk on the beach and only think of the sand between my toes and the prettiest seashell i could find.i want to spend my afternoon climbing trees and riding my bike.
somewhere in my youth…i matured and i learned too much.i learned of computer crashes of mountains of paperwork.i learned of depressing news of how to survive more days in the month than there is money in the bank.i learned of doctor bills, gossip, illness and loss of loved ones.i learned of politics, racism and discrimination.
i want to believe in the power of smiles, hugs and a kind word.i want to see the world not as a whole, but rather being aware of only the things that directly concerned me.i want to be naive enough to think that if i’m happy, so is everyone else.i want to spend my afternoons climbing trees and riding my bike.i want to wonder what i’ll do when i grow up, and what i’ll be.i want to live simple again.
i want that time back.i want to be 6 again.
and if you want to discuss this further, you’ll have to catch me first, cause,
“tag! you’re it.”





update 8mods and the standard

a satisfactory explanation
future projects
temporary factories
truck stations
train stations
drone ports


tier 1/2
tier 3/4
tier 5/6
tier 7
tier 8
phase 4
storage for u8
bug report
local infolog in
satisfactory u3-u7
how to ask question on reddit
banky on marketing
drop your foreign accent
wallpaper posting
cooking with induction or sous vide
configuration
cookie policy (eu)
change privacy settings
privacy settings history
revoke consents
categories

linux

random

reddit




recent posts


improv anywhere


potential new hardware


moving to the wall


starter distro


installed linux. now what?


archives

november 2020 (1)
october 2020 (2)
february 2020 (4)



search our site...






 







				copyright 2025 © houghi.org - all rights reserved.code is poetry | proudly powered by wordpress! 



home
about
contact
privacy
 



























we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.okprivacy policy



