

















project lifesaver international | bringing loved ones home















































































members area


member login


pli portal




877-580-life















about us

about us
meet the team
find an agency
partners
active ambassadors
retired ambassadors


get involved

become a member
enroll a loved one
join our mailing list
donate


locating technology

pli tech statement
theora care gps tracking system
how to change a battery

longranger transmitter
cs transmittter




resources

frequently asked questions
recent rescues
wandering prevention
orlando theme park sensory protection program
dementia map
pli traveling tips
community resources


shop

shop merch
shop equipment – non member
shop equipment – member


media

chief’s blog
newsletter
press releases


 















plan now to attend! 
								join us for the 2025 project lifesaver conference!

member agencies gather for hot topics, trainings, networking and best practices in special-needs search and rescue.

august 25 – 28, 2025
hilton orlando buena vista palace, orlando, fl
 


click here to shop now 
								searching for project lifesaver swag and merch?

check out our merch store for great products that promote the mission, including hats, decals, mugs and more!
 


purchase now 
								 deploying high
the man, the mission and the story behind project lifesaver international, the leading force in special-focus search-and-rescue for the cognitively impaired.
available at amazon.com, barnes & noble and elsewhere!
 


learn more about our recognitions 
								the gold standard in excellence 
for more than two decades, project lifesaver has been recognized as the leading organization in the field of special-needs search-and-rescue for our lifesaving work.
 










project lifesaver's program has helped provide thousands of families peace of mind daily knowing that their loved one has protection and safety in case they wander.

4,411
rescued


view recent rescues







project lifesaver's program has helped provide thousands of families peace of mind daily knowing that their loved one has protection and safety in case they wander.

4,411
rescued


view recent rescues





 about project lifesaver


project lifesaver is the premier search and rescue program operated internationally by public safety agencies, and is strategically designed for “at risk” individuals who are prone to the life threatening behavior of wandering. the primary mission of project lifesaver is to provide timely response to save lives and reduce potential injury for adults and children with the propensity to wander due to a cognitive condition.





there are three key components utilized by the project lifesaver program which
enable first responders to achieve the program’s mission of “bringing loved ones home.”





cutting edge locating technology


project lifesaver is in a constant state of research and development to ensure the latest and most effective technologies are being utilized by the program both in the prevention of wandering and the recovery of a client in the event of elopement.





innovative sar methods


project lifesaver has strategically designed methods and techniques for the specific use of recovering individuals with a cognitive condition. when applied by first responders these innovative strategies enable the most efficient rescue of an eloped client.





community policing courses


project lifesaver provides first responders with a basic understanding of cognitive conditions, giving them the necessary tools needed to respond to an elopement, and to assess and effectively manage the safe and comfortable return of an eloped client.


why choose us?


termed the “gold standard in excellence” throughout the special needs sar community, project lifesaver was the first organization to significantly address the elopement issue among at risk individuals, and since 1999, we have been the only non-profit organization actively educating and equipping public safety agencies in the protection, search, and safe recovery of wanderers. project lifesaver is second to none – it was first and is the only program of its kind, and has been the inspiration for many locating devices currently on the market; though no other organization has been able to replicate our effectiveness & reliability!
project lifesaver is the trusted and proven most effective program dedicated to protect, and when necessary, quickly locate individuals with cognitive conditions that cause the life-threatening behavior of wandering. how? what sets project lifesaver apart from all the other options on the market?
the answer is simple. as a non-profit organization, we do not view wandering protection and prevention as a “market.” our clear and singular focus is on providing these most vulnerable groups and their caregivers with the support and protection they need. we see our mission as bringing peace of mind and improving the quality of life of these high-risk populations and their caregivers. our passion is safety, security, and protection – our philosophy is efficiency, integrity, and innovation.


learn more about our impact  find an agency


discover if project lifesaver is available in your community!   shop equipment - membershop equipment - non membershop merch 












project lifesaver international
headquarters & special projects division
201 sw port st. lucie blvd suite 203, port st. lucie, fl 34984
1-877-580-life (5433)


rf equipment, operations and training
815 battlefield blvd. south, chesapeake, va 23322
1-877-580-life (5433)











about project lifesaverabout us
meet the team
find an agency
partners
shop merch
get involvedenroll a loved one
become a member
donate
join our mailing list
contact us
 
most recent news posts




project lifesaver accepts donation from frankl kominsky injury lawyers’ ‘13 reasons to give’ campaign
april 20, 2022 
caring is one of the best gifts we...




chief gene saunders selected to be featured in iaotp’s top 50 fearless leaders publication by iaotp
october 21, 2021 
chief gene saunders is the founder/ceo & chief...






copyright © 1999-2025 project lifesaver, inc. all rights reserved | site map| 
project lifesaver, as well as its logo and mission statement, are registered trademarks of project lifesaver, inc. use of these elements without express consent is prohibited. 




 






















