










centroid cnc controls,ethercat cnc controller, cnc retrofits,cnc milling machines,cnc lathes,cnc routers,5 axis cnc cylinder head porting machines,cnc rotary tables, fanuc retrofits,digitizing probes,conversational programming

































search for:

search





login/register


request quote


cnc support forum















        user friendly cnc controls, turn-key professional service for milling machines, lathes, routers, plasma, laser & special applications. do-it-yourself professional grade cnc control kits 
      





















 do more with a centroid cnc controller!


      unlock your workshop's potential with affordable, professional-grade 
        centroid cnc precision and performance.

centroid's cnc hardware and software has been engineered to integrate seamlessly providing 
    a user-friendly, reliable diy cnc system that is easy to install with minimal fuss and maximum outcomes. 




       new! centroid "usb-bob" operator control panel interface kit is now in stock ready to ship!






shop now usb bob




shop diy cnc: acorn, hickory, acornsix, allin1dc oak, wireless mpg and more.





diy cnc kits from $363

click here to shop centroid diy



the new centroid cnc ecommerce website is now live! shopcentroidcnc.com




engine shop cnc machines



turn-key 5-axis cnc engine shop machining centers




hickory ethercat based cnc controller
	  	8 axis ethercat communication, 32 in/32 out (expandable), 3 encoder ports(expandable), 2 analog out, 2 pwm out, 2 analog inputs (will be expandable in the future), ethernet communication to the cncpc.
  	

          with centroid's new hickory cnc controller only one cnc control board is all that is needed to build a cnc control system for most typical cnc machine tools on the market. greatly simplifies wiring and cnc controller installation labor while further increasing system reliability and performance. click here for more information or to purchase. 






    shop now at https://shopcentroidcnc.com/, 
      acorn (4 axis cnc controller), acornsix (6 axis cnc controller), acorn laser (laser cutting and engraving cnc controller), acorn plasma (plasma cnc controller), hickory (8 axis ethercat ac servo cnc controller), oak (up to 8 axis ac servo cnc controller), allin1dc (up to 6 axis dc servo cnc controller), wmpg-6 (wireless control pendant), kp-3 (touch probe)
	  


we caught up with bret barber at racers edge az to talk to him about his business and his experience with centroid.




      new! plasma cnc controller now available.	
      


click here for more info on the acorn plasma cnc controller.


turn-key cnc - pro install



turn-key prewired cnc systems
        with servo  motors
      for both new machines and retrofit upgrades


reliable, smooth wireless mpg. 



wireless mpg cnc control pendant.




cnc12 version 5.22 has been released! 

      this is a free cnc software update! mill, lathe, router, plasma, diode laser
      all previous license files file work with this new version of cnc12 software (in their respective categories: acorn mill licenses work with acorn mill, oak lathe licenses work with oak lathe cnc12, etc.) 






>


>





    centroid oem machine tool manufactures offer a wide variety of centroid cnc equipped machine tools.. click to to find a centroid equipped cnc machine tools..



      atrump centroid equipped machining centers	
    

      wells index centroid equipped knee mills	
    

      icarteam centroid acorn equipped cnc machines.	
    



wireless mpg cnc control pendant and touch screen virtual control panel now available for oak and allin1dc as well as acorn cnc controllers



centroid turn-key pre-wired ready-to-run "stock" cnc control systems
we 
        stock common control configurations for immediate delivery!
      knee mills, bed mills, routers, 
      flat bed lathes, small slant bed lathes

      cnc control systems are in stock! ready to ship, 
more info.







small milling machine cnc control system: 
			m400 3 axis with 1kw ac brushless servo motors and drives
medium milling machine cnc control system: 
			  m400 3 axis with 2kw ac brushless servo motors and drives
large milling machine cnc control system: 
			  m400 3 axis with 4.4kw ac brushless servo motors and drives
 
small slant bed lathe cnc control system:
				t400 2 axis with 1kw ac brushless servo motors and drives 
medium slant bed lathe cnc control system:
				t400 2 axis with 2.2kw, 2.2kw w/brake ac brushless servo motors and drives 
large slant bed or vtl cnc control system: 
				t400 2 axis with 4.4kw, 4.4 kw w brake  ac brushless servo motors and drives



click here for more info on stock cnc control systems.
    call or click here for a detailed cnc system quote for your particular machine tool.


custom cnc control 
      kits, component level or turn-key for oem and retrofit.

turn-key or component level made in usa centroid cnc control systems ship 
      from our pennsylvania factory tested ready to install 
      on your particular machine tool.  turn-key systems include all the operator control buttons, 
      the plc ladder, motor wiring, even all the cables for spindle, 
      coolant, lube, and any other accessories are prewired, programmed, 
      tested and ready to go. 

      component level systems include the core cnc control hardware and software and allow the integrator to tailor to their particular application. 

      designed for both new machinery and the 
  retrofit upgrade of existing nc/cnc machines. 


centroid cnc rotary tables



ready 
      for delivery, our rotary table packages are very price competitive 
      and include: servo motor, servo drive, 4th axis prewire cable, 
      and 4th axis software. available in ac or dc configurations. true 
      4th axis contouring and indexing. click 
  here for more information and pricing.


centroid cnc retrofits featured in modern machine shop magazine





from the may issue of modern machine shop magazine "a cnc retrofit provides improved reliability and functionality compared to an older machine's original control, and this is helpful in a number of ways. for example, a more intuitive control interface can help speed setups and minimize the chance for programming and/or setup mistakes, which could possibly damage or scrap a high-value work piece. similarly, shops are also more confident in quoting work for large, expensive parts knowing the new control won't hiccup partway through an operation and cause the part to be damaged. shops also are better-positioned to take in ''hot'' jobs that require fast turnaround due to the retrofitted machine's improved"... click here to see the complete article in pdf. 















cnc upgrade retrofits for haas, fadal, mori seiki, bridgeport, devlieg, hardinge, matsuura, hurco, mazak and more.

replacement cnc controls for anilam, dynapath, fanuc, fagor, mach3, mach4,yasnac, allen bradley,siemens, galil, and many more.	




cnc retrofits for milling machine, lathes and routers






centroid boss series ii retrofit customer testimonial

"the quality and  workmanship of the   centroid equipment was outstanding and very  professional.  centroid was   able to custom tailor the control to  allow us to continue to use our   rotary milling arrangement as before  and even expanded our capability. the short story is  that we ended up with a four   axis cnc mill for less than half the  cost of the three axis haas. this   includes the work that was done by  our staff."
 
      - vic brown 
        president, american  machine works inc. 
(read the complete letter click here..)

read more customer reviews..

read about centroid success stories written by our customers. 




in business since 1979, providing reliable, affordable, robust cnc software and hardware with  support, parts and service, centroid 
      cnc controls are designed by machinists for machinists. with a centroid 
      cnc controller you'll be able to get more work through the machine with less effort 
      and less time. with our advanced cnc features you will be able to 
      bring in higher paying jobs. user friendly operators interface with 
      advanced features like: conversational programming, digitizing, 
    auto part set, auto tool set, 3d contouring, 4th and 5th axis machining, available in oem configurations, professional installation with service & training and diy cnc kits for both new machines and retrofit upgrades.










forum
blog











diy self service cnc technical support

cnc community support forum
cnc manuals and schematics
cnc technical bulletins
cnc software downloads
cnc pc minimum performance requirements
cnc support video
centroid servo motor dimensions
representative login



purchase professional cnc technical support

on-site cnc control installation quote
on-site cnc training quote
factory cnc remote support via "team viewer"
factory cnc support via email or phone 
centroid cnc replacement parts
centroid cnc component repair
worldwide centroid tech reps
buy a machine with a centroid cnc control
sign up for our centroid cnc enewsletters



diy cnc controller kits, parts, and accessories

centroid cnc control board overview
"acorn" step and direction cnc controller kits
"acornsix" six axis cnc controller kits
"allin1dc" dc servo closed loop cnc controller kits
"hickory" eight axis ethercat cnc controller kits
"oak" ac brushless closed loop cnc controller kits
turn-key cnc control systems
cnc components
cnc touch probes
cnc rotary tables






centroid 159 gates road howard, pa 16841


site content ©2004-2024 centroid corporation. all rights reserved. terms of use.





