







home - mark allen














































                            who we are
                            



                            brands and sectors
                            



                            our people
                            



                            careers
                            



                            news
                            



                            services
                            



                            contact us
                            



















                            who we are
                        

                            brands and sectors
                        

                            our people
                        

                            careers
                        

                            news
                        

                            services
                        

                            contact us
                        








































                    a leading and dynamic media and information group
                


                    connecting specialist audiences with critical information
                




























+

brands





publications





events





exhibitions







mark allen is a trusted, family-owned media company which specialises in professional content and services for global audiences.
content is key to everything we do, across print, digital and events. that's why our organisation prides itself on solving problems for its clients, fueling passions and inspiring new conversations.

we’re not interested in fitting in to what a media company is supposed to look like. we are not wallflowers.  our business has rapidly grown from its humble beginnings in the 1980s due to our drive to connect and educate our audiences. and we’re only just getting started. 


















uk-vet livestock









made in ireland









optician 









gastroenterology handbook













pa adviser









electric & hybrid vehicle technology international 









heating and plumbing monthly









drama & theatre













journal of aesthetic nursing









ma healthcare events









glass & glazing









energy from waste conference













journal of kidney care









british journal of midwifery









the engineer









pa future













nursery world









manufacturing strategies summits









aircraft interiors international









aerospace testing international













the dentist









bdia dental showcase









world pumps









operations engineer













opera now









machinery classified









music teacher









wound care handbook













british journal of nursing









children & young people now









british journal of healthcare assistants









nursery world show













subcon









london to sydney in five hours: the future of aviation conference









critical communications world









the uk electric & hybrid vehicle charging infrastructure symposium













uk-vet companion animal









gastrointestinal nursing 









british journal of neuroscience nursing









journal of wound care













land mobile









independent nurse









international paramedic practice









sealing technology













early years educator









manufacturing and engineering north east









songlines









moodie davitt report













choir & organ









air logistics international









international journal for advancing practice 









farmers weekly













drug delivery & formulation summits









bapco show









ground handling international









african journal of midwifery and women's health













railway interiors international









fund selector asia









food innovate summit









fuel cells bulletin













british journal of child health









dementias conference









packaged









classical music













international journal of therapy and rehabilitation









uk-vet equine









the uk cav infrastructure symposium









the veterinary nurse













music & drama education expo









tes send show









london breast meeting









headteacher update













printweek









eureka









british journal of cardiac nursing









practical pre-school books













the roofing cladding and insulation show









additives for polymers









filtration+separation









jazzwise













wound central









london eating disorders conference









business jet interiors international









ramp equipment news













comms business









computer fraud & security









british journal of healthcare management









traffic technology international













practice nursing









roofing, cladding & insulation









hopscotch









food sure summits













electric & hybrid rail technology









fast









auditoria









british journal of community nursing













dental nursing









critical communications today









aerospace test & development show









regen













stadia









intertraffic world









stomatips









consumer electronics test & development













hr









seced









journal of prescribing practice









vehicle dynamics international













bjn inform









supply chain management strategies summits









reinforced plastics









new electronics













machinery









esg clarity









british journal of nursing awards









british journal of hospital medicine













british journal of mental health nursing









international piano









portfolio adviser









dental update













transport engineer









nursing & residential care 









engineering solutions live









international journal of palliative nursing













journal of paramedic practice









pa europe









abdominal wall reconstruction europe









engineering design show













network security









industrial vehicle technology









channel live









orthodontic update













manufacturing management









community care









business airport international









air traffic technology international













gramophone



























        our brands
    

supporting professionals working across more than a dozen industries and sectors, our leading brands are trusted providers of news, information and research, as well as sources of creative inspiration. they represent the diversity and inclusivity we champion as a business. 
the communities we have built around our brands mean we can offer in-depth commercial insights and data analysis and connect our business partners to new audiences.



                view our brands
                













        our people
    

more than 30 years of family ownership has meant we understand our people: what drives them, where their skills lie and how they can progress.
we provide our teams with the support and training they need to encourage them to bring their best selves to work and contribute to our shared ideals. we understand that it is only when our people are flourishing and motivated to create positive change can our business be successful.



                view our people
                




























































        careers
    

a career at mark allen is anything but ordinary. we encourage our people to take ownership of their work and showcase what makes them remarkable. we offer a wide range of training programmes to develop talent from within the organisation and are constantly looking to see how we can boost your career. 
whether you’re just starting off or looking for the next step in your career, a role at mark allen will give you the opportunity to excel. 



                explore opportunities
                













        our services
    

we are proud of the diverse range of clients we have developed throughout our history, which is partly down to our commitment to make sure any and all needs of our clients are reached. we think our business portfolio of services demonstrates this commitment. think there’s something missing? let us know.



                what we can do for you
                
























        news
    




jan 31, 2025



                            mark allen completes estates gazette deal
                        

                            the mark allen group is delighted to announce that it has completed the acquisition of certain media assets of eg from lexisnexis risk solutions, part of relx group.
                        



                        read full story
                    




jan 15, 2025



                            ma exhibitions acquires the inclusive workplace conference
                        

                            ma exhibitions, the large-scale events arm of mark allen group, is proud to announce the acquisition of the inclusive workplace conference an event that helps find solutions to diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace.
                        



                        read full story
                    




jan 10, 2025



                            mark allen group named in top 50 media companies
                        

                            at 39th in the top 50, the mark allen group climbed a place from last year's press gazette ranking with total revenue at £66.1m.  relx topped the rankings, with bbc in second and itv third.
                        



                        read full story
                    




dec 24, 2024



                            mark allen group enters exclusive talks with relx for eg assets
                        

                            following the difficult decision in early december to begin the process of withdrawing all eg products and services from the market during 2025, relx has received a number of approaches.
                        



                        read full story
                    




















                            connecting specialist audiences with critical information
                        



                                    who we are
                                

                                    brands and sectors
                                

                                    our people
                                

                                    careers
                                

                                    news
                                

                                    services
                                

                                    contact us
                                







                    ©2025 mark allen group. registered in england no. 02120366.
                


                                terms and conditions
                            

                                privacy policy
                            

                                cookie policy
                            

                                modern slavery statement
                            














