





seeing and being | travel and tips
































skip to content



seeing and being
travel and tips




menu
home
contact the team
 




search for:



 











 


 our stories
have you ever considered a holiday in azerbaijan?


we won’t be too surprised if you haven’t heard much about azerbaijan, but we’re here to tell you that it’s worth a look, if you’re searching for a travel destination that’s a little bit different. this landlocked country sits in the south caucasus region of eurasia and its capital city, baku, is a modern city in an otherwise rural country.
our good friends from springfield lakes in queensland  took a trip to tell us about it.
outside of baku, you will find small villages with old babushkas and farmland, as well as incredible peace and quiet.
you will need a visa to visit azerbaijan, which will set you back about $25. you can apply online before your visit, but you need to allow at least three days. here’s why we think you should consider azerbaijan for your next holiday.
baku, azerbaijan
baku is the main attraction which, thanks to the discovery of oil, has grown into a large city built to emulate paris. you may recognise the name thanks to eurovision, and baku is known for its parisian-style neighbourhoods and the futuristic city that is definitely worthy of exploration.
you can check out the palace of the shirvanshahs, which includes a mosque, bathhouse, and mausoleum, and climb the maiden tower for amazing views of the city. a free walking tour in baku will lead you to the national museum of history, and you can check out the carpet museum too – which is not as boring as it sounds!
mud volcanoes
to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city, a day trip to the mud volcanoes and the petroglyphs in gobustan, which features 6,000 rock paintings, is more than worthwhile. 
on your way back you can pop into ateshgah, a large temple with detailed rooms which explain the history of the temple.

lahij
the caucasus mountains, a little town where they’re known for making copper wire, may be a bit more interesting to get to than to actually visit. the trek there, about three hours by road, takes you through mountains, down narrow windy roads and over bridges, and gives you a great taste of what the countryside is like.
the town of lahij is just as beautiful with cobblestone streets, and fantastic hiking trails. these trails take you through the mountains and around the town, where you can see ruins and a gorgeous waterfall. some of the places you can hike get quite steep though, so be prepared. 
azerbaijan was probably not even on your radar before this article, but we hope that we’ve inspired you to look further into this charming country and even start planning your visit!







2019-03-252020-08-20 by kawaiipots 




 our stories
paris travel – reasons to travel to the city of lights


why paris? every year, paris draws millions of visitors. this is not surprising since the city of lights is known for its unforgettable ambience. and not just that, paris offers a vast art collection, world-class museums, fashion, and excellent cuisine.
travel paris
when is the best month to visit paris?
the best time to visit the city is from june to august and september to october. during june to august, visitors can expect the perfect weather with its long days of sunshine. there is a drawback to visiting during the summer though because the city has a lot of visitors.
if you want to visit paris in a less crowded state, better visit during the fall and winter. you can save too during those months. but don’t expect paris not to have some crowds even during those months as the city of lights is still one of the most visited cities in the world.
what to do in paris?
the louvre.known as the world’s largest art museum, this building was once the home of kings that includes louis xiv. the louvre is a massive place where you can even spend days roaming around. while there you can visit mona lisa, the winged victory, and venus de milo.
the champs-elysees.this is one of the most recognizable streets in the world and another must-do while in paris.
ile de la cite.this is the historic heart of paris and is just a small island in the centre of paris where sainte-chapelle and notre dame are on.




2020-12-082021-01-02 by kawaiipots 




 our stories
travel europe on a budget – great places to enjoy for free


travelling in europe is not always seen as a cheap travel destination for travellers. if you are travelling on a budget, you can still travel to european countries. here are some places and easy ways you can do things for free when on the continent:

free entrance at the louvre in paris 
entrance to the louvre is free if you are under 26 years old. for teachers, they get free entrance too. take note that the louvre is still free for everyone on the first sunday of the month, so make sure to plan your trip ahead of time.
enjoy the westminster abbey choir in london 
the internationally renowned abbey choir sings the majority of the daily services in the abbey. visiting westminster abbey may cost visitors £16 during the day, but if you visit the place at around 5:30 pm, you don’t have to pay for anything. once inside, you will be treated to the sound of the choir and enjoy the evening.
get free tour in museums in madrid 
the two best-known museums in madrid are free to enter if you know when. museo nacional centro de arte reina sofia provides a free entrance on saturdays after 2:30 pm and all day sunday while prado provides a free entrance all day on sundays.
see the munich glockenspiel show 
the glockenspiel show in munich is one of munich’s whimsical attractions. you can catch the show twice daily at 11 am and one at noon for 15 minutes at marienplatz. the attraction showcase 32 life-size figurines acting out the ‘cooper’s dance’, a local tradition. a large number of tourists and locals come to watch the show for free every day.




2020-06-112020-03-04 by kawaiipots 




 our stories
singapore: considered a top destination for travellers


singapore is not a big city compare to asian countries such as thailand, vietnam, the philippines, and malaysia. however, the city has been a top destination for travellers because of so many reasons.

singapore has stunning architecture. if you visit thian hock keng, you will find the most photogenic buildings you will find in singapore. the temple which was built in 1840, was made from the finest materials available at the time. today, you will still find great architectural wonders in this cosmopolitan city which mostly attracts anyone who sees them.
enjoy traditional chinese life. singapore has its own chinatown which will let you get a real sense of chinese culture. you can find plenty of craft shops, stalls and restaurants, and temples in the streets. also, chinatown food street is a great place to find some char kway teow and grilled meats.
relax in singapore’s first unesco world heritage site.  the botanic gardens has 52 hectares of gardens and forests. the national orchid garden, which is the main attraction of the area has over 1,000 species of orchids. travellers can enjoy a day at the gardens from 5 am to 12 am for free and see the rainforest, ginger garden, waterfalls, and different types of streams.
explore in little india. your trip to singapore is not complete without a visit to little india where you can find delicious food, fresh vegetables, interesting souvenirs and snacks at a cheap price. try their local favourites such as the roti prata or pancakes and the tarik or pulled tea.




2019-12-052019-08-21 by kawaiipots 




 our stories
travel destinations in japan to include in your itinerary


planning to visit japan soon? here are some of the best travel destinations you can visit in the country:
 kyoto 

kyoto is considered a culturally rich city and most travellers spend weeks travelling the backstreets, old-craft shops, restaurants, ancient temples and gardens and enjoying the tour. the city offers day-trips that include nara, osaka, uji, and more.
 kanazawa 
travellers love to go to kanazawa because of its kenrokuen garden, which is known to be one of the country’s three great gardens. close to kenrokuen is kanazawa castle. you will also find the city’s historic teahouse and geisha district, higashi chaya-gai.
the city is also the home of d.t suzuki museum of buddhist philosophy, omicho market, the nagamachi bukeyashiki samurai district, myuryu-ji (the ninja temple) and the 21st century museum of contemporary art.
 naoshima 
this city is perfect for art lovers. naoshima is the home to a large collection of contemporary art galleries, museums and exhibits. visit benesse house to see their impressive collection of arts coming from gerhard richter, hiroshi sugimoto, shinro ohtake, david hockney, richard long, and more.
 osaka 
osaka is mostly famous for its great food and nightlife. while the city is unfortunately skipped by first-time travellers, but most repeat travellers love to visit osaka again and again. aside from having the famous osaka castle which is perfectly located in a peaceful urban park, osaka’s namba district is a food travellers’ paradise. osaka is also the perfect location for an urban bicycle tour, great and famous hotels, shopping, and a tour to osaka aquarium.




2019-05-122019-05-12 by kawaiipots 




 our stories
great places to see when visiting paris


with so much to see and do in paris, it is hard to place all the great destinations you can go to. to help you have a great vacation in the city, we have listed the crème de la crème to help you plan a great long weekend when you come and visit paris.
 palais-royal gardens 

far from the normally busy streets you see in paris, these serene gardens and beautiful boutiques are masterfully hidden behind the walls of a 17th-century palace. also considered as one of the city’s best-kept secrets, the palais-royal is now home to antiquaries, designer boutiques, and world-class perfumers. have a grand time enjoying lunch or teatime outdoors or splurge at the exquisite grand vefour restaurant, which is right in the garden. once done, you can go straight to the louvre or the jardin des tuileries.
 ile saint-louis 
a perfect for travellers is going to the lively shopping and atmospheric streets of the ile saint-louis. have fun at the parisian fare when at the brasserie de l’isle saint-louis, or taste their all-natural ice creams and sorbets at bertillon.
 musee picasso 
home to the world’s largest public collection of picasso’s work, this immensely popular museum occupies almost 54,000 square feet in two buildings. the regal 17th-century hotel sale and a new building that is located at the back garden meant for temporary exhibitions.
 notre dame de paris 
notre dame is the symbolic heart of paris and france itself. kings and queens exchanged their vows here, and even napoleon was crowned in this gothic cathedral. there is a lot to explore inside especially its famous windows and the great views of paris.




2019-05-022019-05-12 by kawaiipots 




 our stories
ways to travel the world without breaking the bank



while many of us want to travel the world but for many, it is not always feasible. a lot of things can hinder us from going on that road trip we have always longed for. work, kids, finances and the like can simply stop you.
most of us want to go on a cheap vacation but for a short time. good news though is that there are a lot of ways to see the world without breaking the bank. here are some of our tips: 
be a local tourist
how often do you tour your own city? probably never. a lot of people from their own locals have never truly seen their own local attractions like the museum which is just a block away, the statue of liberty for new yorkers, and so on. we are all guilty of this but we can do something about it. so start touring your own place first if you can.
travel regionally
there is something very special about being a stranger in your own country and finally knowing that there is so much to see. we mostly think that because we are born in a place we know it but what we don’t realise is that every country has regional differences that make it different from our own region unless we travel and experience it, we’ll never fully understand our own homeland.
go to national parks
camping fees in national parks as $10 to $60 in australia and in many places such as in japan and europe (mostly in scandinavia), you can camp on public lands for free. when you go camping stocked with your own accommodation and food, you will not have to worry about spending a lot.




2019-04-052019-04-13 by kawaiipots 







search for:



  recent posts 

paris travel – reasons to travel to the city of lights


travel europe on a budget – great places to enjoy for free


singapore: considered a top destination for travellers


travel destinations in japan to include in your itinerary


great places to see when visiting paris



december 2023


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




« dec
 
 




 123


45678910


11121314151617


18192021222324


25262728293031


categories 
our stories


 






proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
						theme: sister by hustlestock.
			









terms and conditions - privacy policy



