
















oikos tree crops






















































									experience-seeds-knowledge-plant discoveries-ecological enrichment-join now									click here!




















my account
checkout
























search for:







 searchsearch






my cart















browse store



product comparison
wishlist
blog: ecological enrichment
about
contact


















seeds: oikos tree crops



foundation seed stock-ecos
tours of the farm
root crop collections
new harvest-seeds-2024-25
















ecological enrichment: new seeds, new plants, new ideas





 

wild strawberry fields 13 feb 2025
when my sister helped me pick wild strawberries at our family farm over 50 years ago, i realized that not everyone likes to be hunched

continue reading





 

one cup of green tea please 13 feb 2025
i love tea. i do drink coffee but tea is my favorite. even in college i drank tea with my college roomates. lets have tea

continue reading





 

a-salading we shall go-violets 13 feb 2025
the whole viola genus is filled with wonderful fragrance, flowers and food yet rarely used as a source as perennial greens. that was my quest

continue reading














seeds -the foundation for a abundant future





















 red mulberry seeds
 red mulberry is a species mulberry known for its persistence in southern and central north america. it often hybridizes. this one comes from known progeny on my farm originally from missouri. it produces very uniform seedlings plus has additional  hardiness. 

 lavender life mulberry seeds










 briana apricot pits
 this siberian apricot produces small fruit that has a very strong flavored fruit like a concentrated dried apricot. the fruits are produced on thick spurs on the branches. it can be grown from seed bypassing the normal grafting done in apricots. it flowers early yet often has crops even at my farm.  

 briana apricot seeds










 northern american holly
 american holly is the most robust evergreen broadleaf tree indigenous to north america. it is rarely cultivated today. from seed, it is easy to grow once the dormancy is overcome. i began my plantings over 20 years ago to produce holly seed and find the most vigorous forest like trees with exceptional vigor. 

 american holly seeds










 wild corn-teosinte
 ancient form of corn crossed with heirloom blue sweet corn using northern highland teosinte. population grown with minimal selection. wild grass grain crop. 

 neosinte teosinte seeds










 a rose by any other name
 every wild species of rose produces hips. this little fruit package surrounding the seeds is a vitamin c rich pome along with an oil crop from the seeds. few have tried to cultivate the hip rose and harness that power. big hip rose is a selection meant exactly for this all from seed.   

 big hip rose seeds










 perennial beans
 hybrid lima bean and thicket bean seed selections for creating the new perennial protein crops. contains 4 packets of hybrid and species thicket beans enough for a 15 ft. trellis. 

 cloud lima beans






follow oikos tree crops on instagram





the many faces of beech. #americanbeech


 





i found this lily species in michigan many years a


 





the tree collards are producing a lot of seeds thi


 





tepary and lima bean sprouts will soon fill this t


 





apple trees grown from seeds. #applebreeding the n


 





wafer ash ptelea trifoliata. i grew this plant bec


 





it started as a wild red raspberry collection harv


 





potato flowers tranquility and feral. #potatoflowe


 


 















 











join the oikos tree crops newsletter!


 join






















about


about oikos tree crops
blog: ecological enrichment





help


contact us
shipping instructions & guarantees
privacy policy
terms & conditions




shop


seeds: oikos tree crops
product comparison
wishlist










contact us


oikos tree crops
po box 19425
kalamazoo, mi 49019-0425























© 2025 oikos tree crops. all rights reserved.
























































































































































































