






mist works
















































 





















 850-203-1998













home
applications 

commercial
hospitality
industrial
odor & dust
residential
agricultural
amusement
specialty misting
cannabis


products 

misting kits
misting pumps
outdoor fans & mist fans
portable misting fans
nozzles
slip lock fittings
tubing
filtration
parts & maintenance
closeouts
trailers – mist & evaporative cooling
patio heaters
outdoor comfort


rentals
about 

faq’s
policies & warranty
terms & conditions


contact












 





 






































 


 





america’s best misting systems right here!



2025 brings us into our 27th year of designing, manufacturing and selling the best outdoor mist cooling systems you can buy! mist works platinum standard quality, professional outdoor mist systems are the ultimate in outdoor cooling, odor control, and special effects.
since we started in 1998, our success can be measured by the growth of our company. our customer service is second to none! we treat you like family & your misting project as though it was our own personal project…we want it to be perfect for you.
no dream is too small or too ambitious for the luxury of outdoor cooling. cool off guests and employees, suppress dust and odor with our custom misting systems also!
our experienced professional designers will learn about your vision, your backyard space, your budget, and your timeline. then we will create a unique plan to make your dream a reality.  services include custom mist system designs, maintenance and repair services, installations, part sales and even portable fan rentals for special events.
when investing in a professional misting system, do your homework.  the quality of products and services we provide is the highest in the misting industry.  already have a misting system and company you work with? we always welcome the opportunity to earn your business, so if they are not up to par, reach out and allow us to try and help you. be cool!

hablamos español





































what we offer










applications
mist works can create the ultimate outdoor cooling oasis with our professional and industrial quality professional cool mist systems.
need something special? odor control, special effects, humidification…you dream it, we do it.
read more










products
we can help with all your high pressure (and mid-pressure) misting system products & replacement parts.
complete diy also! pumps, motors, outdoor fans, nozzles, slip lock fittings, filtration, tubing, solenoid valves and anything outdoor comfort related.
read more










rentals
mist works cooling mist fans are for pickup in pensacola, tampa,  & houston! new orleans / metro nola misting fans available.
with high pressure misting fans there’s no floor wetting!  delivery & setup available nationwide.
read more






why choose mist works?







we build and sell the highest quality products in the industry.
creator of sports mister & mist 2 go brand fans.
mist works team is made up of experienced professionals.
with our personalized service our clients know they can always count on us.
our professional quality misting systems are an investment and you get what you pay for.
we have a large physical presence in new orleans, atlanta, orlando, tampa and pensacola, but we have mist systems all over the us and the caribbean.
look for mist works wherever you are!







blog live.work.play cool
 








 
















members of:










contact information
850-203-1998

 

info@mistworks.net
hablamos español

 







©2025  all photos property of mist works & may not be used without authorized written consent of an officer of the company.
























 





