




epi, inc.  home page, superb technical content regarding piston engines, various gearboxes and power transmission systems, engineering basics, and much more.

















	copyright: epi inc.      
    contact: tech@epi-eng.com


expertise + integrity = performance²



- home -
- site map -
- about epi -
- contact us -





what’snewhere ?
epiproductsand services
technical articles and product descriptions
mechanical engineering fundamentals
pistonenginetechnology
epiengineprojects
aircraftengineconversions
detailedgearbox technology
epigearboxprojects
aircraftpropellertechnology
specialpurposesystems
rotorwayhelicopterissues
reference materials
epireferencelibrary
epi manualsandpublications
someinterestinglinks
additional products
stufffor sale(occasionally)
 





 

 



race engine technology magazine
introduction to race engine technology
subscribeto race engine technology
availablebackissues
 






 











 last significant update: 07 june 2024  (see the what's new? page)







design and development of
engine and gearbox systems and components
aircraft, automotive, marine and industrial applications
note: all our products, designs, and services are sustainable, organic, gluten-free, contain no gmo's, and will not upset anyone's precious feelings or delicate sensibilities.

epi, inc. specializes in  the design and development of piston engines and of power transmission systems, as well as components 
  and subsystems for aircraft, automotive, marine and industrial applications. epi also provides services including expert 3d-cad design, reverse-engineering, and superior 
  technical writing.
 
for a quick guide to what's new here,  click this link.
for a comprehensive presentation of the services and products epi, inc. provides, click here.


design, 
development and testingof high performance engines

reliable, lightweighthelicopter gearboxes



dyno-system upgrade for
  major nascar engine supplier

dyno-system gearbox for
  indycar engine supplier



reliable, lightweightpropeller reduction gearboxes

design of completeaircraft engine conversions



subsystems forcertified aircraft

leading-edge power systemsfor industrial and marine applications


epi, inc. has designed and developed a wide variety of products, including:

reliable, high-performance piston engines for aircraft, marine and racing applications,
specialized engineering and hardware for a prominent nascar ™ team,
lightweight, extremely reliable propeller reduction gearboxes (psru's),
gearboxes and accessories for garrett tpe-331, allison b-250 and solar t-62 turbine engines,
conversions which replace the engines on existing aircraft with newer, more powerful engines,
a new cylinder head for a diesel locomotive engine that helped it meet emissions requirements, and increased the power by 25% as a side effect,
a turbine-powered oil exploration system,
power transmission components for a popular 2-place helicopter,
a complete power transmission system for a brand-new turbine-powered 2-place helicopter,

and much more.
this site describes epi's engine and drive system products, epi's design, analysis and prototyping services, 
  together with a large collection of technical information about
  piston engine design, implementation and performance improvements,  design and implementation of transmissions and propeller 
reduction drives,  design and execution of aircraft engine installations and conversions,  and a host of related subjects.
one of the primary objectives of this website is to present technical information in an intuitive way, without the need to digest lots of math in order to 
understand the concepts. there are lots of graphs and pictures to assist the painless transfer of information.
some of the many topics presented on this site include:



piston engine technology
airflow passage design
valve-train design
torsional vibration
heat transfer
engine mount design



reduction drive technology
gear design
shaft design
bearing loadings
component fatigue and life predictions
propeller characteristics



please try the website search function at the upper left corner of every page to find the specific information you are seeking.   
also, the site map might help locate the subject material you are seeking. 
the what's new page shows a chronological list of website updates.

reference citations
the technical information presented on this site can be verified and expanded from a variety of engineering texts 
(see reference library) and from history. references to works in the epi technical 
library are shown in the following format:
library section number  :  book number  :   page range.
for example, the notation (ref-2 : 6 : 377-390) refers 
to library section 2 {mechanical design}, book 6 {applied tribology},  pages 377 through 390.

eureka
we recently discovered a very effective auction sniping service called bidnapper. it has proven to be quite 
effective in producing some very satisfying and profitable auction-winning results. 





•home•about epi•site map•contact us•


disclaimer:  epi inc. and the contributors and reviewers of the material presented on this website have confidence that every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the information available, but we cannot be responsible for any errors or omissions. your use of the website and any of the available information indicates your understanding and acceptance of these terms.    epi inc. is not liable to any party for any direct, indirect, special, or consequential damages resulting from use of any information on this website.



copyright © 2002 - 2024   epi  inc,   all rights reserved



