







the straight on the haight







psychedelic 60's celebration




art by jim phillips design rew/river graphics 2001








1966 -1969










interior



           

 

 





the
"straight on the haight" by reg e. williams is the true story of the people
who renovated a vaudeville movie theater in the middle of the haight ashbury
during the psychedelic 60's. this multimedia environmental theater of light
became known as the straight theater. here at the crossroads of haight
and cole the grateful dead, janis, big brother, country joe, santana and
many other famous and infamous characters made history looking for the
aquarian age.









photo
by jim phillips




the
"celebration of the psychedelic 60's " is a continuing series of multimedia
shows inaugurated recently in san francisco where it featured: big brother
and the holding company with melissa etheridge as janis, neil cassidy at
the straight -a live tribute by reg e, ram das spoke about dick alpert,
nicky scully & tribal alchemy, it's a beautiful day originals , gene
anthony's summer of love, the farm's steve gaskin recalling the monday
night class, films and audio of neil cassidy, ken kesey and the pranksters,
lisa laws "flashing on the 60's", snooky flower's kosmic flashback band,
the vagabond poet tony selden and a moby grape reunion all with giant light
shows. reg e williams director of all media service, providing production
management and promotion to the entertainment trade has worked on stage,
screen and television for over 25 years. he obtained his degree in us history
from san francisco state university. besides the unpublished manuscript,
"the straight on the haight", his writings include a comprehensive technical
manual for stage hands, the script for "dance probe", a seven part series
shown on pbs, a magazine article on the art of the straight theater for
"offthewalltm", and "rock and roll
hotel", motley crue backstage for performance magazine and several screenplays.
he has an enormous collection of memorabilia from his haight ashbury days,
which he used to reconstruct a computer-based calendar to provide a historical
portrait of the times. reg knows more people than anyone else i know" says
hillel resner of mix magazine.




 
 
 


the
highlights from the original manuscript "the straight
on the haight" cover the background that led to the establishment
of the straight theater. offthewalltm 
magazine article covering the straight's posters & artists and their
contribution to the world's art. the straight theater graphics booklet
chronicling and illustrating the graphic art and 10/666, a booklet of my
haight ashbury movies  are also available by ordering from the goods
page. view selected stills & reprints from the era taken from my films
of haight street, the diggers, the human be-in, 10/666 the day they made
acid illegal celebration in the panhandle, the riots, the congress of wonders
at sky river rock and others are transferred onto vhs video. 


offthewalltm
is a trademarked name for a publication that as such is owned by wes wilson,
hcr 1 box 22, aurora, mo 65605-9303; usa
 
 


















































all pictures, photos, art work, graphics and copy are 



web
site designed and maintained by:



