






dale werner.com – woodburning pet portraits ~ palm frond artist ~ musician ~ graphic artist ~ painter ~ photography & video 































skip to content



dale werner.com
woodburning pet portraits ~ palm frond artist ~ musician ~ graphic artist ~ painter ~ photography & video 








home
custom woodburning pet portraits
gallery
faq







 creating florida inspirited artwork
one of a kind artwork for your home, office or patio!
custom orders welcomed.
call or text
239-200-9090
 









custom woodburning, pet portraits and more!
turtle woodburning with watercolors by dale werner. order your’s today!




palm frond art/fish and more!
each piece is custom designed. cut by hand.  hand painted & airbrushed. each piece is “one of a kind” due the the nature of the materials used. added with the passion of the artist.
dale werner specializes in florida’s sport fish. both inshore and off shore.
please view the gallery page for pictures. if there is a fish that you would like but do not see it…no worries! i love custom orders!
 

see the fish here!





graphic arts/posters/websites
dale werner is the brother of artist “byron werner”. make sure you “google” him. dale got his professional graphic arts training at platt college in eagle rock, california. with art & photography as passions, he applies this into everything he does. well know for his musical band posters for “the stage” in bonita springs. as well as menus,flyers, websites and even murals in private homes and patios.
please visit the gallery page for examples!
 




transcendental abstracts
new mind-expanding artwork! the latest in an on going evolution of color and form. “one of a kind” artworks that draw you in as you look deeper and deeper into each painting.
transcendental abstracts

transcendental: transcendental refers to things that lie beyond the practical experience of people,
and cannot be discovered or understood by ordinary reasoning.
abstract: existing in thought or as an idea but not having a physical or concrete existence.
“mind expanding art!” see the paintings here!










call or text239-200-9090d. werner
po box 175
bonita springs florida
34133








home
custom woodburning pet portraits
gallery
faq




	copyright © 2023-2024 dale werner.com










