





	porter funeral home




































toggle navigation 





home
obituaries
who we are
our services

our services
when a death occurs


merchandise 

view urns

view caskets 

wood caskets
metal caskets


buy flowers


resources 

grief resources
social security benefits
veterans benefits
local information


tv spots
contact us
send flowers

























plan ahead
plan ahead

begin here















covid-19-related death- fema assistance available, click here for more information



"we offer family focused funeral & cremation services. we are here when you need us."







     elinor swartz
                            

feb 15, 2025









     richard michael rubison
                            

feb 14, 2025









     gordon l. white
                            

feb 14, 2025









     mary lou klimcak
                            

feb 13, 2025









     carol ann altenhofen
                            

feb 12, 2025




see all obituaries








                            after more than a century, the porter funeral homes offer two convenient locations to serve the entire kansas city metropolitan area. personal service and caring at a most difficult time are benchmarks that set porter funeral homes apart from all others.

                            the professionals at porter funeral homes are ready to help, whether you choose to arrange services in one of our funeral chapels or in the familiar surroundings of your own place of worship.

                            because the needs of no two families are alike our staff is trained to assist you regardless of your traditions. all services include burial, entombment, or cremation rites will be performed exactly as you decide they should be.
                        






kansas city



lenexa


click here for virtual tour









×



it is our mission to honor and serve our families with dignity and compassion, while keeping the health and safety of our staff and community in mind. porter funeral home and crematory is following the guidance of the world health organization and center for disease control and prevention.
currently, our offices remain open for families to make funeral and cremation arrangements for their loved ones. in these modern times, and in light of concerns regarding covid-19, we can offer the option to complete arrangements from your own home via email and phone.
during in person arrangements or for funeral or memorial services we will continue to practice safe social distancing and wearing of masks as recommended by state and county officials.
we are working in conjunction with county offices and medical professionals to serve our community in a timely manner with the dignity and care that they deserve. as always, we are here to serve. please reach out to us if there is anything we can do to help you or your family through these challenging times.


                    covid-19-related death- fema assistance available, click here for more information















site map


home
obituaries

who we are
our services


merchandise-view urns
merchandise - view wood caskets
merchandise - view metal caskets
resources


tv spots
contact us
privacy




contact us


kansas city



                                                    1835 minnesota ave.
                                                    
                                                    kansas city, ks 66102


                                                    (913) 621-6400


                                                    (913) 371-4745



lenexa



                                                    8535 monrovia
                                                    lenexa, ks 66215


                                                    (913) 438-6444


                                                    (913) 438-1596














                    copyright
                    
                    ©  porter funeral homes and crematory | all rights reserved
                





















