







action for singapore dogs














































info@asdsingapore.com




email































about


who we are


asd canine rehoming centre (acrc)


dog listener academy


frequently asked questions




adopt


dogs for adoption


project adore


what to expect when adopting a dog


adoption procedure


adoption package




donate


sponsor


volunteer


events


blog


news


gone to loving homes


in loving memory




contact






































please give us a hand


we really need your suppawt! this campaign is to raise funds to help with exponentially rising costs since covid-19. - increase in expenditure for medical bills, supplies, utilities, food.- increase in vet bills for medical care, hospitalization and treatment as our shelter dogs age and medical costs increase- increase in returned dogs due to adopters facing financial difficulties. - increase in abandoned factory dogs when companies close down or relocate. - increase in aid rendered to strays and free roaming dogs. all funds raised will be used to directly benefit the dogs under our care.from now till 31 march 2025, all donations made to a special fund raising campaign will be matched by tote board (40%) and the government (60%). so to double your donations, please donate via https://www.giving.sg/donate/campaign/please-give-us-a-hand!thank you for your suppawt!









            how you can help
          







adopt


thinking of getting a dog? there are so many dogs full of love, waiting for their families. 


view dogs for adoption








sponsor


                can't bring a dog home but want to help a specific dog that has caught your eye – please consider sponsoring him / her and make a tangible difference to their lives. 
              

sponsor








donate


                it takes a massive amount of funds monthly to keep our rescue, medical and shelter operations going. this is a great way to help the dogs counting on us. 
              

make a donation








volunteer


                do you have a passion to help these dogs? use your strengths and skills to make a difference – find out more about the available opportunities.
              

be a volunteer











          dogs for adoption
        
        showing 8 out of 63 dogs for adoption
      




















view dogs for adoption














a society set up to help the stray and abandoned dogs in singapore




info@asdsingapore.com






























