










	solex corporation - distributor of farm, landscape, and light construction equipment



































220 south jefferson, dixon california, 95620

customer login

find a dealer
(707) 678-5533
  




















products
bargain book
forms and documents
locations

california
arizona
nevada
oregon
washington



blog
faq
contact us
about us






































product search:






select category
auger
bed shaper
broadcaster
chippers
dump trailers
dusters
handheld sprayers
harrows
high density planter
miscellaneous
mulch extractor
mulch layer
planters
plough
poison applicator
post hole diggers
power harrow
pumps
seeders
shredders
snowblowers
spaders
speed disc
sprayers
subsoiler
tillers
top dresser
vineyard
weeder











• new products • 











x 30 row unit

                                    planters


read more













dmx disc harrow

                                    speed disc


read more







• featured products • 











star row

                                    planters


read more













extractor retriever

                                    mulch extractor


read more













next 800 shredder

                                    shredders


read more




























featured articles

maximizing efficiency by choosing the right equipment for your farming needs
efficiency is crucial in modern farming, enabling farmers to optimize resources, reduce costs, and increase yields. choosing the right equipment is essential for maximizing efficiency, as it ensures tasks are performed swiftly and effectively, leading to better productivity and sustainability in agricultural operations. read more...


non-chemical weed suppression for commercial farms in california
weeds are common issues in commercial farming, competing with crops for water, light, and nutrients. they potentially reduce crop yields and quality, necessitating weed control. effective weed management ensures higher productivity and profitability while helping maintain healthy soil and preventing the spread of invasive species. read more...


change of labor force in agriculture vs. technology
anyone working in farming understands that there are good and not-so-good years. they know some years there will be plenty of farmhands to help, and some years finding help is difficult. many farmers are looking to technology to avoid the issues of having enough labor force to help with agriculture. this article will help you understand issues related to how technology may be a solution. read more...


what are the emerging agricultural technologies?
today’s farms and agricultural operations work far differently compared to those a few decades ago, mainly due to technological advancements. but if you think about it more deeply, agriculture remains less digitized compared to other fields. although advancements have been made, they’re mostly focused on mechanical (e.g., powerful equipment) and genetics (e.g., improved seeds and fertilizers). the agriculture industry still has a long way to go in terms of digitalization. read more...


the pros and cons of modern technologies in agriculture
people in the farming industry are aware that there are good and not-so-good years. there are times when a lot of farmers are ready to give a hand and times when it is difficult to find help. that is why a growing number of farm operators are turning to technology to mitigate the adverse effects of farming labor shortages, which continue to be a persistent problem in the us agriculture industry up to this day. read more...


the best water conservation technologies for farmers
the us department of agriculture’s (usda) economic research service reports that agriculture accounts for 85% of the national water consumption. water is an essential input for farming and agriculture and is crucial to food security. per the world bank report, 20% of the total cultivated land is run by irrigated agriculture, contributing 40% of the total food produced globally . read more...


reasons to use farm orchard shredders
gardening and farming produce a lot of waste from the pruning of trees and woody plants, including twigs and branches. vineyards and orchards have been turning out piles of clipped leaves and twigs from grape vines and fruit trees. when it comes to disposing of such wastes, people first think of burning them. however, the smoke from open burning can have an adverse health and environmental impact. anyone working in the fields is likely to get exposed to the smoke more often and suffer from minor irritations and serious health consequences. read more...


drip tape retrievers can help farmers with watering gardens
the summer season can be an excellent time for gardening, perfect for growing various seasonal vegetables, fruits, and flowers. but due to the high summer heat, the soil dries up faster, and plants cannot absorb water from the dry soil, making it necessary to water the plants more often. good watering habits, especially during the summer, will make the most of every precious drop of water. if you've heard of micro-irrigation before, it's the perfect time to adopt a watering system called drip irrigation. read more...


how do reverse tillers help farmers?
experienced and amateur gardeners and farmers will find that a reverse tiller proves to be an excellent tool in their shed. what is a tiller? a tiller is defined as a tool designed to break up hard and compact soil, loosening, mixing, and aerating the dirt that will make it suitable for planting. should the soil be prepared for tilling? to ensure more efficient tilling and optimal crop growth, the farmers must prepare the soil by removing existing sod, plants, weeds, rocks, large stones, dead tree roots, and other obstructions. read more...


choosing the right size augers for your farming needs
augers may be used for several purposes, but they are the most familiar in construction, mining, and agriculture. augers are drilling devices consisting of a rotating corkscrew-shaped tool for removing drilling debris. when rotating the auger, the cutting head penetrates the ground and digs into it, very much like a screw boring into wood. then the auger's rotating blade pushes the debris out of the hole as it rotates into the ground. these double functions – drilling and removing debris and wastes – make augers essential tools. read more...













all pricing and specification subject to change without notice. pricing does not include freight charges.


solex corp ©  2025












