



gym-con | sports flooring
























































info@gym-con.com

call us 1.888.758.8453















toggle navigation







about gym-con
flooring solutions


gymnasiums 
weight rooms 
running tracks 
hockey arenas 
dance & aerobics
gym floor refinishing  


projects
suppliers
contact





















ontario's sports surfacing leaders
gymnasium systems & solutions
learn more now













ontario's sports surfacing leaders
advanced weight room surfaces
find out more now













ontario's sports surfacing leaders
floor refinishing 
discover more now



















welcome to gym-con
we are ontario's sports surfacing leaders. at gym-con, we only offer the best in sports surfacing solutions, and we represent the best manufacturers on the planet.  check out our products below.








gymnasiums
discover our hardwood, rubber and polyurethane surfaces.
explore gymnasiums 









weight rooms
the function that the rubber floor plays in the weight room is twofold.
explore weight rooms 









running tracks
running surfaces are an integral component in any athletics facility.
explore running tracks 









hockey arenas
rubber flooring used in dressing rooms, front lobbies, and access hallways.
explore hockey arenas 



 




dance & aerobics
exceeding your expectations in quality, aesthetic appeal and performance.
explore dance & aerobics 



 




floor refinishing
a necessary process to protect your investment.
explore refinishing 














 gym-con is ontario's leading supplier & installer of ...
next level sport surfaces.
originally founded in orillia, ontario in 1984, gym-con has earned a solid reputation, built on efficiency, timely installations, product reputation, and a level of service that is unrivaled in the industry.
gym-con employs a team of dedicated technicians, a highly trained and educated sales staff with a solid backbone of knowledgeable support staff, we deliver with pride, on time and on budget. we stand firmly behind our work, and our track record proves it!

in addition to our world-class installations,	 we provide services such as:



gymnasium floor refinishing.
game line painting and custom logos.
removal and disposal of old floors.
synthetic sport floor maintenance. 

need help finding the right option for you?



let gym-con help with your next sport surface project!






send message















 gym-con only works with the best.
our sport surface suppliers 






















performance. protection. gym-con.
we provide  high quality and cost effective hardwood sports flooring. discover more about our installation process  in this time lapse video.










need help with your next sports surface project?
talk to a gym-con flooring expert today! 












next level sport surfaces




93 rawson avenue,barrie, ontario l4n 6e5.
info@gym-con.com   |   1 888 758 8453

                        






youtube
instagram
facebook












©  2021 gym-con ltd. | all rights reserved 



























































