










department of entomology

skip to main content














department of entomology







undergraduate






degree options


student resources


contact us








graduate






degree options


international focus


prospective graduate students


degree and course information


funding opportunities


how to apply


student resources


contact us








people






people








research






research areas


research centers


research projects


faculty labs


publications








extension & outreach






extension programs


youth programs








access & equity






access & equity








about






news


events


facilities


alumni and friends


support the department


contact us






























department of entomology












a life science that’s critical for our health, our food, and our environment.
entomology is the study of insects, the predominant species on earth. with more than a million known species, insects significantly affect our world. the department of entomology conducts innovative research in this realm, leading to improved human and animal health, quality of life, and sustainability of our food and ecosystems.









latest news










february 6, 2025
native bee populations can bounce back after honey bees move out










january 29, 2025
open position: assistant/associate professor of public health entomology











january 24, 2025
lópez-uribe awarded presidential honor for early career scientists











january 22, 2025
‘buzz me in:’ bees wearing itty bitty qr codes reveal hive secrets










more news













upcoming events





fri
feb
21







jean-michel mongeau seminar



                                february 21, 2025
                                107 forest resources bldg

                            


















teaching
whether teaching an undergraduate course in the entomology minor program or a graduate seminar, our top-notch faculty are dedicated to their students. our faculty is associated with teaching and advising for the undergraduate entomology minor and plant sciences major. our graduate degree programs in entomology encourage students to conceive and implement novel research within the insect sciences.



















research
penn state is a tier 1 research university. as such, our students participate in meaningful research. our robust research programs in chemical ecology, pollinators, infectious disease, and insect biology and management are among the nation’s best.
explore research areas

















international focus
the department of entomology is committed to providing students opportunities with an international focus. students may take courses and conduct research as part of their graduate program or earn international credentials through dual-title degrees.
international focus



















extension and outreach
outreach connects the resources of the department of entomology with community members, industry, and institutions in pennsylvania and beyond by offering the latest research-based information.
explore extension and outreach





















facilities
the agricultural sciences and industries building (asi) houses classrooms and laboratories and serves as our departmental home. our facilities and work also span the frost entomological museum, entomology farm, chemical ecology laboratory, entomology ornamentals and turf laboratory, and research and extension centers throughout pennsylvania.
explore our facilities











back to top





department of entomology









                                    
                                    about
                                




                                    
                                    directory
                                



department telephone
                                    814-865-1895
                                



department email
                                    entomology@psu.edu
                                






facebook




















privacy and legal statements
—
accessibility
—
©
                    2025 the pennsylvania state university








                ×
            


















                                                explore
                                            





                                                        degrees & programs
                                                    



                                                        admissions
                                                    



                                                        research
                                                    



                                                        extension
                                                    



                                                        about
                                                    



                                                        college directory
                                                    



                                                        contact us
                                                    











                                                information for
                                            





                                                        students
                                                    



                                                        industry
                                                    



                                                        alumni
                                                    



                                                        faculty & staff
                                                    



                                                        visitors & public
                                                    









                                request info
                            

                                schedule a visit
                            

                                apply
                            


                             
                        











