







marie brenner








































        
          
            marie brenner
          
        
      




















































            about
          

            books
          

            press
          

            journalism
          

            contact
          

































































aboutbookspressjournalismcontact





                
                  
                    marie brenner
                  
                
              









































 















in her brilliant and moving new book “the desperate hours,” author and journalist @mariebrenner shares how healthcare workers came together in their devotion to duty, their families, each other, and the city they love. a real page-turner!arianna huffington, @ariannahuff

 

in the spring of 2020, ny was one of the first to feel the full force of covid-19 in the us. this great book by @mariebrenner shares some incredible stories and lessons from one hospital’s battle to not only save patients, but the city as well.dr. sanjay gupta, @drsanjaygupta













the bookthe desperate hoursone hospital's fight to save a city on the pandemic's front linesaward-winning vanity fair writer marie brenner shares a remarkable depiction of new york—a city in crisis—based on new, behind-the-scenes reporting that captures the resilience, peril, and compassion of the early days of the covid pandemic.




    buy the book
  




    also available in digital audio
  




“fascinating and harrowing. . . . brenner draws sharp, sympathetic profiles . . . and vividly captures moments of heartbreak and celebration.”

— publishers weekly

 









 

covid’s ground zero, spring 2020: a doctor, a hospital, and a traumatized new yorkbook excerptthere were a lot of things dr. lindsay lief, head of 5 south, was great at, but always following the rules was not one of them.lief was the beloved director of the medical intensive care unit on 5 south, one of six icus at new york-presbyterian/weill cornell, a hospital system that is considered the emerald city of medical care in the new york metropolitan area. she brilliantly oversaw a team of 11 critical-care physicians (the attendings) and dozens of highly trained nurses, respiratory therapists, pharmacists, x-ray techs, and housekeepers tasked to help heal the sickest of the sick, to conjure miracles amid the breakdown of the body’s systems. it was a unit that would be knocked down again and again and again during the first 18 months of the covid pandemic. that it was still standing was a miracle—and while lief never told anyone about it, one reason for that may have had to do with a six-year-old and his forbidden wish for a slice of pizza.




    read full excerpt
  



msnbc interviewinvestigative journalist, marie brenner, joins msnbc’s morning joe to discuss “the desperate hours”

 

more reviews for ‘the desperate hours’




“urgent. . . . brenner creates a tense, stirring picture of the impact of covid-19 on new york-presbyterian hospital’s campuses. . . . [her] probing investigation includes animated profiles of a large cast of characters, creating a palpable sense of trauma, pain, and vulnerability in what one cardiologist characterized as nothing less than war.”

— kirkus




“all the drama of e.r., with fast-paced narrative writing and deep first-hand reporting. this is a richly populated story that is as moving as it is authoritative.”

— james b. stewart, bestselling author of den of thieves and deep state




    all reviews
  

 






home



the desperate hours








 





twitterimdbgoodreadswikipedia










