


ice hockey leagues




















ice hockey leaguesit is believed that the sport of ice hockey as it is played today, originated in canada based on rules set forth by canadian, j g creighton in the late 1800s.



image by: pointnshoot cc by
ice hockey leagues


the sport of hockey has been documented as far back as 4000 years, though it is generally played on the grass. from every known accounting, the sport has been fierce and competitive. 

hockey was introduced to the olympics in 1908 and introduced to the summer olympics in 1920. the canadians have traditionally dominated the sport winning medals in 14 of 22 events (8 gold, 4 silver, and 2 bronze). the united states has 11 medals (2 gold, 8 silver, and 1 bronze) and russia has 9 medals (7 gold, 1 silver, and 1 bronze). 

in 1926 the canadian prime minister stanley park formed a league of professional hockey players that would play for a prize. interestingly, the prize was a teapot. the incentive was popular enough to maintain interest, and evolved into the stanley cup, which is one of the most coveted trophies in the professional world of ice hockey. an interesting note about the stanley cup is that unlike other trophies that are remade each time they are awarded, the stanley cup is reused each year with the addition of the engraved names of the year’s winners. 

in addition to the national hockey league, which was founded in 1917, other professional hockey leagues around the world are becoming easier to locate. recently, the asia hockey league (japan and korea) and the kontinental hockey league (eurasia) have been created and are creating new fans for the sport. the united kingdom has four leagues; elite ice hockey league, english premier ice hockey league, english national hockey league, and the scottish ice hockey league. 

ice hockey is truly a world sport, and can be enjoyed by everyone. the exhilaration of the game is phenomenal. it is a sport of challenge, dedication, and human triumph. it is non-stop, fast paced action that makes you want to stand up and cheer. if you are new to the sport or a long time fan, ice hockey is only growing in popularity. new teams are being formed quicker than the zamboni can shave the ice.

with many games now being broadcasted on tv ice hockey has also been growing in popularity.  many more bookmakers are now offering great odds for ice hockey matches played in canada, the united states and around europe. there are several opportunities for fans to place hockey bets on, with world championship tournaments, the nhl, and winter olympics all soon upon us. the up and coming months will be a dream for hockey fans, with no doubt being tempted to tune onto their television screens knowing that a championship is on the line.


the latest pages

ice hockey gamesit doesn’t matter what position you play on the hockey team, there are some things you will need to do to guarantee you are read...

how to play ice hockeyanother european game, 'shinney', was played on the ice in nova scotia. by the early 19th century ice hockey began being played in...

ice hockey tournamentstournaments are played at every level, from youth leagues all the way up to the professional level such as the nhl playoffs and wi...

history of ice hockeyothers depict ice hockey as having derived from lacrosse and field games that were played by nova scotia's micmac indians. still o...

ice hockey equipmentice hockey equipment is specialized for the particular sport to focus on areas of the body that are common for injury.

helmets...

ice hockey rulesscoring is achieved by sliding a flat, cylindrical disc called a puck into the opposing team’s net. the nets are located at eith...





ice hockey gamesit doesn’t matter what position you play on the hockey team, there are some th... 
how to play ice hockeyanother european game, 'shinney', was played on the ice in nova scotia. by the e... 
ice hockey tournamentstournaments are played at every level, from youth leagues all the way up to the ... 
history of ice hockeyothers depict ice hockey as having derived from lacrosse and field games that we... 
ice hockey equipmentice hockey equipment is specialized for the particular sport to focus on areas o... 
ice hockey rulesscoring is achieved by sliding a flat, cylindrical disc called a puck into the o... 






last visit: history of ice hockey | 
ice hockey rules | 
how to play ice hockey | 
ice hockey tournaments | 
ice hockey equipment 




contact   |

sitemap   |

home   |




©copyright 2009 by theuhl.com - all rights reserved.
					







navigation: the uhl


tuesday, february 18. 2025 - (week 08)







