



















dodge city cvb, ks | official website


 






 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    eat & sleep      experience      travel tools      conventions & groups      media & more  


 

 

 

 

 





 





































  
 
 






























 














welcomethe name dodge city brings to mind images of the great lawmen and scoundrels of the west, saloons and shootouts, and wide-open prairies. fun and adventure await around every corner whether it’s sipping sarsaparilla at the long branch saloon, experiencing the annual longhorn cattle drive, or zipping down a waterslide at the long branch lagoon water park, the days are long on fun in dodge city.
 






  
 
 

 














learn more










 
 










  





 
 
 

 
















 
 
 



 














things to do…
 






  
 
 














attractionslearn more










 
 














sports & recreationlearn more










 
 













arts & entertainmentlearn more










 
 
 














family funlearn more










 
 














nightlifelearn more










 
 
 



  
 














newsletter sign-up








visitor guide










 
 



  
 
 



 









visitors bureau news










dodge city honored in true west magazine’s 2025 top western towns 


dodge city, kansas, renowned for its rich wild west history, has earned the #9 spot in true west magazine’s 2025 top western towns. this honor highlights dodge city’s legendary past as the “queen of t...			






light up dodge city winners display holiday spirit 


the eighth annual light up dodge city contest lit up the community with dazzling displays across the city. on thursday night, judges visited every submission to determine...			






holiday traditions shine bright at dodge city’s parade of lights & chili cook off 


hundreds filled downtown dodge city on monday, dec. 2, to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the parade of lights and chili cook-off. the event featured chili, cookies, hot chocolate from the salvation...			






dodge city named one of the best christmas towns in the midwest 


dodge city has been named one of the best christmas towns in the midwest by this worthey life, a popular family lifestyle blog that inspires readers to embrace life’s adventures in food, travel, enter...			






dodge city cvb opens applications for fall marketing grant 


– the dodge city convention and visitors bureau (cvb) is pleased to announce that applications for its marketing grant program reopened on oct. 1, 2024. this grant program is designed to support local...			










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 






  
 
 



 









annual events










national travel &tourism week 


this weeklong celebration in may is an annual tradition where travel and tourism industry professionals unite to celebrate the value travel holds for our economy, businesses...			






national train day 


begun by amtrak in 2008 to spread information to the public about the advantages of railway travel and the history of trains in the u.s. learn more about the restoration of the historic santa fe depot...			






main street festival 


this event is held annually on the first saturday in june. this family-friendly event showcases the best of our historic downtown district, local businesses, and community. enjoy a variety of vendors,...			






old fashioned4th of july 


enjoy a day of family fun at the boot hill museum throughout the day and enjoy the fireworks extravaganza, the largest fireworks display in western kansas.			






national day of the cowboy 


this day we pay homage to our cowboy and western heritage and to honor working cowboys and cowgirls, rodeo athletes, western musicians, cowboy poets, western artists, ranchers, and all who contribute ...			






dodge city days 


a world-class community festival that celebrates our western heritage has been running for more than 75 years. the second-largest community festival in the state of kansas draws approximately one-hund...			






roundup rodeo 


rodeo is a long-standing tradition in dodge city and the annual prca award-winning rodeo draws nearly 800 of the best contestants in rodeo. additionally, enjoy a night of xtreme bulls when 50 bull rid...			






international festival 


every september we celebrate the diversity and culture of our community. this festival features live music and performances showcasing and celebrating our distinct cultures.			






christmas in dodge city 


christmas in dodge city is always a special time. things kick off with the annual parade of lights and chili cook off. take a holiday lights tour aboard the historic trolley and enjoy more holiday fun...			










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 





upcoming events



 
 
 















bob ross landscape painting workshop 


2nd ave art guild & gallery			






galentine's day 


village square mall			






valentine's day crème brulée 


boot hill distillery			






the dark hour comedy show 


silver star hall			






taco & margarita night 


dodge city vfw post 1714			






mason mctell 


boot hill distillery			






final friday 


historic downtown			






shrine circus 


civic center			






mardi gras party 


boot hill distillery			






shrine circus 


civic center			






treaty oak revival 


united wireless arena			






shrine circus 


civic center			






harlem globetrotters 


united wireless arena			






paolo schianchi 


civic center			






the crucible 


depot theater			






blippi: join the band tour 


united wireless arena			






the crucible 


depot theater			






the crucible 


depot theater			






the crucible 


depot theater			






three dog night & little river band 


united wireless arena			






the crucible 


depot theater			






larry the cable guy 


united wireless arena			










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



  
 
 



  
 














view calendar










 
 
 



 







contact us







visitor information center400 w. wyatt earp boulevarddodge city, ks 67801phone: 620-225-8186phone: 800-old-westtdd/tty services: 771 or 800-766-3777
 






  
 









  





 
 



  
 







helpful links







hotels & lodging



local attractions







suggested itineraries



group & bus tours







local restaurants 



night life









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 






site links







home



contact us







site map



terms & conditions







accessibility









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 















 






  
 










government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









