

 





fraternal order of police



































































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerhome
about

history

national presidents


executive board
fop associates

board of directors


fop auxiliary

board
history
national presidents
memorial service
programs

scholarship


member benefits


general counsel


lodge resources

licensed merchandise vendors
specialty member cards
irs compliance for fop lodges


news and events

news
fop journal
press releases
remarks
awards

member of the year

nomination guidelines


canterbury leadership


calendar
2025 biennial national conference & expo

national conference locations




faqs
employment opportunities
contact us
fraternal order of policethe voice of our nation's law enforcement officersbecome a member
shop
legal defense plan
donate
 facebook
 twitter
 instagram
 youtube
home
about  about 

history

national presidents


executive board
fop associates

board of directors


fop auxiliary

board
history
national presidents
contact fopa
memorial service
programs

scholarship


member benefits


general counsel


news and events  news and events 

news
fop journal
press releases
remarks
awards

member of the year

nomination guidelines


kenneth canterbury excellence in leadership award


calendar
2025 biennial national conference & expo

national conference locations




lodge locations
labor  labor 

labor services
labor education
labor resources

common labor relations terms
webinars


research
janus decision
salary information
the international council of police representative associations


government & media affairs  government & media affairs 

about
top priorities

collective bargaining
law enforcement officers’ equity act


legislation we support
congressional testimony
letters
press releases
legislative resources
weekly updates
legislative archives
political action committee

faqs




fop university  fop university 

american military university
ashland university
lewis university
national university
rosemont college
southern new hampshire university
tiffin university
university of cincinnati
university of management and technology
university of maryland global campus
university of san diego
university of the cumberlands
upper iowa university
walden university
wichita state university
union college benefit


training  training 

on-site training catalog

labor courses
law enforcement courses
lodge administration courses


officer wellness training


officer wellness  officer wellness 

mission statement
approved provider bulletin (apb)
locate a vetted & approved provider
power in peers
officer wellness training
newsletters & webinars
wellness tips and strategies
crisis hotlines
wellness committee
wellness surveys
terms and conditions


member benefits  member benefits 

communications
education
financial
health
home
information protection
insurance
legacy planning
legal defense
products
senior living
travel


fop foundation  fop foundation 

national peace officers’ memorial service
disaster relief

disaster area response team (dart)
lefri

overview
how can agencies prepare for disaster?

lesson plans


how can officers prepare for disaster?
how can families prepare for disaster?
in-place sheltering
model family readiness policy
links & resources




officer wellness
educational programs


community partners  community partners 

cops & kids
easterseals
faith & blue
law enforcement torch run for special olympics
veterans partnership


lodge resources  lodge resources 

licensed merchandise vendors
specialty member cards
irs compliance for fop lodges


faqs
employment opportunities
contact us
become a member
shop
legal defense plan
donate
searchsearch fop partner of the month  corporate advantage alliance programthe fop could not achieve its mission of serving our members without the generous support of our corporate partners. this month we thank and acknowledge our partnership with dignity memorial. read more  results are in  national fop’s 2021 critical issues in policing surveyin august 2021, the national fraternal order of police (nfop), the largest organization of law enforcement officers in the world, undertook a national survey of members of united states law enforcement. this report details findings of the 2021 critical issues in policing survey produced by the nfop in collaboration with griffith criminology institute, griffith university, australia. read more  fop action center  it’s time to make your voice heardmembers of congress need to know that fop members are active voters who will hold them accountable for their actions. send a message to your members of congress and urge them to support the fop's priority legislation. read more  wellness professionals' forum  february 16, 2025especially for clinicians working with police officers and their families, this event offers opportunities to hear from experts in the field and to network with other wellness professionals. read more  wellness summit  february 17-18, 2025this two-day training event offers over 20 different seminars from experts in the fields of officer mental health and wellness practices. read more  about us  strength in numbersthe fraternal order of police is the world’s largest organization of sworn law enforcement officers, with more than 373,000 members in more than 2,200 lodges. read more 
news alert
get the latest updates on the critical issues affecting law enforcement.
      january 16, 2025   the social security fairness act represents a significant step toward addressing long-standing inequities in the social security system. this legislation repeals the windfall elimination provision...
   read more  
recent news
        weekly update: 14 february 2025  february 14, 2025                    | weekly update           h.r. 1269, the “honoring our fallen heroes act”  february 14, 2025                    | letters           s. 516, the “shield act”  february 14, 2025                    | letters           h.r. 1046, the “marc fischer memorial interdiction of fentanyl in postal mail at federal prisons act.”  february 12, 2025                    | letters     more news
      featured video
who's fighting for you? the fraternal order of police will always fight for our members   may 22, 2024 
  fop journal the monthly fop journal is the official publication of the national fop, with reports from the executive board and committees, news from local lodges, updates on labor issues and more.
   current issue: february 2025      president’s message   the power of our voice: advocacy, engagement and grassroots action this week, from february 3 to 5, more than 100 fop members will be in washington, d.c., for our annual day on the hill — a pivotal event in our legislative calendar. read more
   feature   the fop welcomes our newest state lodges history was made on december 28, 2024, and january 2, 2025, with the chartering of two state lodges in the national fop family: the montana state lodge and the vermont state lodge, respectively... read more
  
       labor   the fop labor services division provides a comprehensive set of resources and services designed to ensure that no officer goes to the bargaining table alone.
  read more        government & media affairs   the fop’s government and media affairs center actively lobbies all components of the federal government on public safety and policing issues.
  read more        training   the fop education committee is dedicated to equipping law enforcement professionals with the skills needed to enhance their career development and quality of life.
  read more        officer wellness   the fop division of wellness services is committed to leading proactive efforts to ensure the well-being of law enforcement officers.
  read more   







the fop store is your official source for apparel and accessories for active members, items for elected lodge officials, customized lodge gear and more! 



shop now





community partners
the fop is committed to giving back to our communities through these and other causes.
view all        cops & kids   the fop cops & kids program is designed to build relationships between local lodges and the community.
         easterseals   since 1977, the fop and its auxiliary have supported easterseals, the leading nonprofit provider of services for individuals with special needs.
         faith & blue   this initiative reinforces the connections between law enforcement professionals and the communities they serve through houses of worship.
         law enforcement torch run   the law enforcement torch run is an awareness and fundraising event to support special olympic athletes and programs.
         nleomf   the national law enforcement officers memorial fund is dedicated to telling the story of law enforcement and making it safer for those who serve.
         veterans partnership   the veterans crisis line and homeless veterans outreach initiative provide support for veterans and their loved ones.
  

fop on facebook 
in law enforcement, you’re never alone. the brotherhood and sisterhood of the badge stand strong—always. 💙 
#thinbluelinefamily #neveralone
posted on saturday, february 15, 2025🐢🚔 no turtle left behind: officers & firefighters team up for a rescue! 🚔🐢
when a distressed turtle found itself trapped in a sewer on sanibel island, both police officers and firefighters answered the call! after days with no way out, this little guy was finally saved thanks to the teamwork and dedication of first responders.
with officers securing the scene and firefighters lowering a team member into the drain, the rescue mission was a success—proving once again that our heroes serve and protect all members of the community!
👏 huge thanks to these officers and firefighters for their quick action and compassion! 
#serveandprotect #turtlerescue #teamwork
posted on saturday, february 15, 2025posted on saturday, february 15, 2025posted on friday, february 14, 2025"the community is happy to have murderers, rapists, and robbers off their streets. and police officers are relieved they won’t have to deal with these suspects over and over again.” 
- joe gamaldi, fop national vice president
#safestreets #lawandorder
posted on friday, february 14, 2025
fop on twitter 
the twitter feed could not be retrieved at this time.



       fraternal order of police university   this consortium of colleges and universities provides fop members with varied learning programs that accommodate the unique requirements of a working law enforcement officer’s schedule.
  read more        fopconnect   as a members-only online platform, fopconnect.com allows fop journal readers the chance to enjoy an expanded experience of the magazine and learn more about law enforcement issues.
  read more   

  fop lodges view all fop lodges on a map and contact the lodge in your area.
   
      fop foundation
  the fop foundation supports many projects and activities designed to honor america's law enforcement officers, foster community involvement and aid families of those who made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty. some of these programs include disaster relief, the national peace officers' memorial service, educational programs, critical incident programs, and grants for lodges and members.

footer 

fraternal order of police
national headquarters
701 marriott drive
nashville, tn 37214
toll-free (800) 451-2711
office (615) 399-0900



sitemap
disclaimer
privacy policy
terms of use
use of fop trademarks
intellectual property notice
online cancellation and return policy

secretary login

copyright © 2025 fraternal order of police. | website design and development by  
    open subscribe  close   


fop members, sign up to receive the latest news and updates from the national fraternal order of police directly to your inbox!


first name*last name*email*









lodge state*members in canada and ireland may select these options here as well. alabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingcanadairelandlodge number*member number*namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  












δ



 





























































