

township of south park - allegheny county, pennsylvania















 
 

































 





home

contact


 










monday, february 17, 2025   

































 



















more township events >>








information and forms






zoning hearing board meeting agenda
recreation board meeting agenda 
planning commission meeting agenda
planning commission meeting minutes
library board meeting agenda
library board reorganization  agenda
library board meeting minutes
2025 township budget
community talent bank application (to serve on a board or commission)
support our volunteer 
  fire departments
learn about the 
			    pa american 
				  water service line inventory project
your tax dollars at work 
who maintains various roads within the township?
emergency contact information for south park township emergency database

residency certification form - south park twp.

right-to-know request form
building permit requirements
military banner application form

no solicitation request 
open burning in allegheny county - know when and what to burn
south park township 
			    trail map


			    earned income tax  forms 
			    (southwest allegheny county tcd)

allegheny county assessment appeal information/process

allegheny county elections division - voter services
allegheny county vacant property recovery program application

ms4 guidelines for residents - reduce water runoff into streams - protect the environment
code of the township of south park
first energy assistance programs

pawc bill paying assistance programs
pa dep mine subsidence insurance (msi)
2019 unconventional gas well fund usage report
lyme disease information 
lyme disease prevention
preventing ticks in the yard
allegheny county health department - covid-19 information. for updates on covid-19 vaccines and testing availability, contact achd at 412-687-2243 or dial 211.

centers for disease control (cdc) website













     













 
helpful links for easy use 


township fee schedule
												      sign up for our e-newsletter
												      local area businesses
recommended links
events calendar
our job postings
library calendar of events
managing stormwater & ms4
community day















click here to view the 2025 trash and recycling calendar
click here to view the 2025 trash and recycling guidelines

view ordinance #692 - regulating the display of fireworks
first energy/west penn power call center (for power interruptions or problems with your service): 1-800-686-0021
road milling & paving project alert - november 12, 2024
residents are advised that allegheny county public works expects to start milling brownsville road between cochran mill road and the 5800 block of brownsville road, beginning tuesday, november 12, 2024, weather permitting. the milling work will be done by folino construction. traffic will alternate and will be controlled with flaggers in the work zone. allegheny county public works will begin paving the road as soon as the milling work is completed.
public works snow removal activities - how residents can assist
the south park township public works department is actively engaged in snow removal activities for the 2024-2025 winter season. please view and adhere to the snow removal guidelines for residents to assist the public works department in keeping our roadways safe.
recreation board members needed

                                        south park township is seeking qualified individuals to serve on the recreation board. the recreation board members perform in an advisory capacity regarding recreational programming, including holiday events and community day. board members are required to participate in a number of community functions throughout the year: the easter party, halloween party, light-up night, christmas party, and most importantly, community day, the township's largest event. the recreation board presently meets on the third monday of the month at 6:30 p.m.

                                        interested parties are to download and complete the community talent bank application located online here or contact south park township at 412-831-7000.
property tax & rent rebate clinic - thursday, february 27, 2025
                                        from 10am - 1pm at bethel park community center

view the event flyer here

state senator devlin robinson and state representative natalie mihalek will be hosting a property tax and rent rebate clinic at the bethel park community center, 5151 park ave. in bethel park, on thursday, february 27th from 10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.  the pennsylvania property tax/rent rebate program is open to state residents 65 or older, widows and widowers 50 or older, or anyone age 18 and over who is 100% disabled.

                                        call senator robinson’s office at 412-785-3070 or representative mihalek’s office at 724-942-2045 with any questions or to register.
township recreation adult art series: "crafty creations"
sign up for the march 3rd crafty creations program here.

                                          the township recreation department "crafty creations" adult art series will allow residents to tap into their creative side. check back on the township's website or on the south park township recreation facebook page about a week before each class for the link to sign up. pricing will range from $10-$20. classes will be held from 7:30 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. in the board room of the township administration building, unless otherwise noted. registration is required, and registrants must be south park township residents.

                                            please
                                            direct any questions to recreation director, devon serena, at 412-831-7000 or by e-mail at recreation@southparktwp.com.
south park community blood drive - march 14, 2025
south park township and vitalant (central blood bank) will be hosting a blood drive on friday, march 14th, from 1:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m., in the township community center. to schedule an appointment go to vitalant,org or call 1-877-25vital.
identity theft prevention shred event - saturday march 29, 2025
from 9am - 11am at south park high school side parking lot

representative andrew kuzma is co-hosting an on-site identity theft prevention shred event with senator devlin robinson at the south park high school side parking lot, located at 2005 eagle ridge road, south park, pa 15129, on saturday, march 29, 2025 from 9:00 am - 11:00 am.

this event is free to the public and for personal items only. business items will not be accepted at this event. there is a 2 box limit per household. no plastic bags will be accepted!

                        representative kuzma's staff will be available to assist and provide information regarding consumer protection and identity theft at this event. please direct any questions to representative kuzma's office at 412-382-2009. 
change in real estate tax collection
please be advised that township and school district real estate tax collections are now being handled by jordan tax service. payments are to be mailed to the address on the tax notice which is p.o. box 49, south park, pa 15129. property owners who prefer to make the payment in person can do so at the jordan tax service office located at 7100 baptist road, bethel park, pa 15102. the office is open to the public monday through friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. jordan tax service has a second location at 102 rahway road, mcmurray, pa 15317, with the same office hours. however, the baptist road location is the closest in proximity to south park township. calls are to be directed to 724-731-2311 or 412-835-5243. additional information, including an online payment option and requests for tax certification letters, can be found at https://www.jordantax.com.
online payment of sewage/refuse bills now available
township officials are pleased to announce that online payment of sewage and refuse bills is now accessible to residents. 
                                        residents can register for free paperless billing. please visit https://www.invoicecloud.com/townshipofsouthpark or click on the invoicecloud icon for further instructions.
dog licenses for 2025
 dog licenses can be obtained at the south park township administration building at a cost of $2.00 per license. dog owners must present proof of the pet's current rabies vaccination verification and also complete an application form before a license can be issued. licensing is required for all dogs six (6) months of age and older. additional questions can be directed to 412-831-7000. 
state representative andrew kuzma
                                        opens a satellite office in south park township
state representative andrew kuzma opened a satellite office in south park to serve constituents in the township and nearby communities on wednesday, march 15, 2023. the office is located in the administration building of the south park township municipal complex at 2675 brownsville road, south park, pa 15129. staff will be available to assist constituents with any state related issue from 10:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. on the third wednesday of every month.
township awarded green light go grant
township officials are pleased to report that south park township was recently awarded a grant in the amount of $100,000 under the green light-go program. the funding will be used to replace outdated equipment at 3 signalized intersections within the township to meet current design standards and provide modern signal components to improve the safety and operational efficiency of the intersections. the equipment to be replaced includes signal controllers, vehicular and pedestrian signal heads, and pedestrian pushbuttons.
pa american water - career opportunities
click the link above for information on pa american water scholarships, internships, and career opportunity outreach.
learn more about remote job opportunities with pa american water here.
south park township named banner community in 2025
for the 13th year in a row, south park township has achieved banner community status for the year 2024s. the program, sponsored by the allegheny league of municipalities, in conjunction with allegheny county, recognizes those communities committed to professional development, sound fiscal management, intergovernmental cooperation, accountability, and proactive communication to engage community stakeholders. township officials are proud to share this information with our residents and thank them for supporting our community.
township obtains grant for rt. 88 intersection
								        the officials of south park township are pleased to report that the township has been successful in obtaining a grant from the department of community and economic development in the amount of $200,000 for the rt. 88 intersection project. the funding will be used to assist with the construction costs associated with the project which means less township tax dollars will be expended.
contact the township for manhole problems or sewage odors
								        residents are reminded to contact south park township at 412-831-7000 if they notice sewage odors or manhole problems. in addition, residents are to discard materials such as paper towels, wipes and other materials in the trash rather than flushing them in the toilet.

portable storage containers/dumpsters requiring permits
								        ordinance no. 698 was adopted on may 11, 2020, for the purpose of regulating the use of portable storage containers, temporary dumpsters, and other refuse containers within the township. any questions concerning the use of portable storage containers/dumpsters, or to obtain a permit, please contact the code enforcement office at 412-831-7000. to read ordinance #698 in its entirety, please click here.

                                                                 

savvy citizen notification system
township officials are pleased to announce that the savvy citizen resident notification system is available to the public. there are two components to savvy citizen: events and alerts. the events option allows residents to reference an online calendar for upcoming municipal meetings, community events, such as community day, refuse/recycling collection, etc. the alerts option provides residents with notifications of severe or extreme weather conditions, road closures, power outages, emergency conditions, and other safety updates.
                                        for residents with smartphones/tablets, simply visit the google play store (android) or app store (apple) to download the savvy citizen app for free and opt in to receive information from south park township. those without smartphones/tablets can sign up for savvy citizen at www.savvycitizenapp.com/signup and select to have text notifications or e-mails sent to them. for more information about savvy citizen,  contact chris at 412-831-7000.
refuse and recycling collection
south park township contracts with county hauling as the waste and recycling hauler for residents. garbage will be collected once every week and recycling will be collected every other week, designated by street. click here for a trash & recycling calendar and street listing guide to identify your collection day. a trash & recycling calendar insert is also available in the december edition of the park news. residents can view these guidelines by clicking here.
                        residents are advised to place material at the curb after 6:00 p.m. on the prior day of your scheduled collection day. when your collection day falls on or after a major weekday holiday (new year's day, memorial day, independence day, labor day, thanksgiving day, christmas day), your collection will be delayed one day that week only. if a holiday falls on a saturday or sunday, there will be no change in the collection schedule. for more information regarding refuse and recycling collection, visit the refuse, recycling and sewage page.

trash & recycling reminder to our residents:
residents are reminded that trash and recycling containers are to be placed at the curb after 6:00 p.m. the evening prior to their collection day. the reason is that trash and recycling collection activities are not scheduled according to a specific time in a specific neighborhood. this means that just because trash was collected at 9:00 a.m. for the past month, it will be collected at the same time going forward. collection times may vary for a number of reasons. please make every effort to place all containers at the curb the evening prior to collection day.
recycling bins and lids for sale at the administration building - residents can purchase 32 gallon recycling bins for $20.00/each and recycling bin lids for $7.00/each at the sewage & tax office located in the administration building.
local options for electronic waste recycling:
best buy stores - visit www.bestbuy.com for a list of acceptable items.
staple stores - visit www.staples.com for a list of acceptable items.
evolution e-cycling, llc, 2235 mary street, pgh, pa 15203; phone: 412-787-1616
eloop, llc, 155 plum industrial court, pgh, pa 15239; phone: 724-519-7646
local options for glass recycling
                                          
                                        michael brothers hauling and recycling
                                        - township residents can take their glass containers and cardboard to the south hills site which is located at 901 horning road, pittsburgh, pa 15236.hours of operation are monday thru friday, 7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., and saturday, 7:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. participants are to enter the drive-thru area. glass is separated by color: clear, green and brown, and items are to be placed in the correct color-coded receptacle when making a drop-off at the facility. cardboard also has a designated drop-off receptacle. there is no charge for this service. for more information, please contact michael brothers at 412-835-6428. view the michael brothers glass recycling flyer here.
pennsylvania resources council (prc) traveling glass bin program is a contact-free, self-serve drop-off service, free to participants. for more information, visit the prc website at prc.org.

recycling by commercial, industrial, governmental and institutional establishments: effective september 6, 1990, all occupants of commercial, industrial, governmental and institutional establishments must recycle high-grade office paper, aluminum and bimetal containers, corrugated paper, leaf waste and other materials deemed appropriate by the township board of supervisors. occupants of said establishments shall submit an annual report to the township by january 31st of each year reporting the tonnage of materials recycled during the previous year and the name of the hauler(s).
the right-to-know law
the right-to-know law is the pennsylvania law that guarantees your right to access and obtain copies of public records held by government agencies. all right-to-know requests directed to south park township should be submitted to south park township's open records officer, karen f. fosbaugh, by mail at 2675 brownsville road, south park, pa 15129; by e-mail at southparktwp@southparktwp.com; or by fax at 412-831-0425. all requests must be submitted on the pennsylvania standard right-to know request form. for more information, please visit http://openrecords.state.pa.us.
drug drop-off container at police department -   a drop-off container for unwanted and/or outdated prescriptions and over-the-counter medications has been placed in the lobby of the south park township police department and is available to the public monday through friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. the program has expanded to include allowing people to drop off electronic vaping devices, provided any lithium ion batteries are removed. residents can also drop off vitamins, gel caps, and similar items which do not have to be removed from the original packaging. no syringes of any type will be accepted. needles ("sharps") can be disposed of in the trash; however, special precautions must be taken for safety reasons. sharps are to be placed in a container such as a plastic milk jug or coffee can with a secure lid. the lid should be taped so that it remains in place.
first energy utilities - tips to avoid scams and fraud
firstenergy's utilities have received numerous reports of scams from customers.  scammers can be very convincing and often target those who are most vulnerable, like senior citizens or business owners. click here to view the press release on tips to help ensure the safety of your family, property and personal information. customers who suspect a scam should hang up the phone/close the door, and call the local police, then notify firstenergy. never dial the phone number the scammers provide.


in our efforts to provide more reliable communications with residents and businesses in the township, we have updated swiftreach networks, inc. which is the township's emergency notification service provider. swift911™ in its simplest form is a system that makes phone calls, email, and/or text messages to specific people or areas in the event of an emergency or for sharing important information. any call/message you receive will have the caller id of 'south park township' or 'south park police department'. it is important for residents and business owners   to provide contact information, such as unlisted phone numbers, to help   ensure that everyone receives emergency information in a timely manner.

				          if you are not receiving these calls, please click here or click on the swiftreach picture on the left of this page to add or update your contact information.  you may also remove yourself from our list at any time. any questions may be directed to the administration office at 412-831-7000.



				            two south park police officers have been certified as child safety technicians. the  officers are able to locate recalled seats and install every type of child seat into every type of vehicle. the township of south park would  like to extend this service to our residents. to have your child seat checked for recalls and installation problems, please call us at 412-833-1000 to make an appointment. to learn more about the program, click here.



				            people looking for grove rentals, the golf course, the wave pool, the ice skating rink or the tennis courts should use the contact information for the allegheny county park "south park" listed at the bottom of the contact us page or visit the allegheny county parks department website at https://www.alleghenycounty.us/parks-and-events. please note that the township of south park is the municipality located around the allegheny county park "south park".

tri-community south ems 2025 subscription drive underway
				        the 2025 subscription drive for tri-community south (tcs) is currently underway. the cost for ambulance service is $60.00 per individual subscriber and $70.00 for a household subscription. if you do not subscribe and transport by ambulance is necessary, you will be responsible for all associated costs that are not covered under your insurance plan. call tcs at 412-831-3710 for details.


 








 
 
 





home    |    the township    |    for residents    |    our services    |    education    |    recreation    |    the officials    |    contact











							copyright 2025 © township of south park. all rights reserved. site design by netzopia.						








