








	little rock district, u.s. army corps of engineers






















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
little rock district  website










®








           about
        



           district map
        
 

           faq
        
 

           leadership
        
 

           who we are
        
 

           district placemat
        
 

           organization chart
        
 



           business with us
        



           america the beautiful passes
        
 

           contracting
        
 

           leases
        
 

           navigation charts
        
 

           regulatory permits
        
 

           small business
        
 

           safety office
        
 



           missions
        



           civil works
        



           engineering and construction
        
 

           continuing authorities program
        
 

           levee safety information
        
 

           floodplain management services and silver jackets
        
 

           section 408
        
 

           illinois river flood study
        
 

           white river basin study
        
 



           disaster response
        



           levee system status
        
 



           military missions
        



           formerly used defense sites
        
 

           military construction
        
 



           navigation
        



           navigation notices
        
 

           channel reconnaissance reports
        
 

           david d terry mrer status
        
 



           planning
        



           approved project review plans
        
 

           prairie creek, russellville, arkansas
        
 

           three rivers study
        
 

           millwood lake master plan revision
        
 

           norfork lake master plan
        
 

           mkarns master plan revision
        
 

           maumelle river ecosystem restoration study
        
 

           nimrod blue mountain master plan
        
 

           mkarns 12-foot channel
        
 

           stump creek flood risk management
        
 

           norfork lake master plan revision page
        
 

           mortar creek stream bank protection
        



           mortar creek documents
        
 



           lake dardanelle smp update
        
 



           real estate
        



           beaver lake land acquisition
        
 



           recreation
        



           lakes
        



           beaver lake
        
 

           blue mountain lake
        
 

           bull shoals lake
        
 

           clearwater lake
        
 

           dequeen lake
        
 

           dierks lake
        
 

           gillham lake
        
 

           greers ferry lake
        
 

           millwood lake
        
 

           nimrod lake
        
 

           norfork lake
        
 

           table rock lake
        
 



           arkansas river
        



           arkansas post
        
 

           dardanelle
        
 

           ozark
        
 

           pine bluff area
        
 

           toad suck
        
 



           water safety
        
 



           regulatory
        



           applying for a permit
        
 

           contact information
        
 

           fayetteville shale information
        
 

           fema information
        
 

           mitigation information
        
 

           monthly reports
        
 

           public notices
        
 

           arkansas special resource waters
        
 

           missouri special resource waters
        
 

           types of permits
        
 

           useful links
        
 

           water resources development act
        
 

           wetlands
        
 

           what is the regulatory program
        
 

           requirements/exemptions for flood recovery activities
        
 



           water management
        



           about water management
        
 

           real time data (reservoir)
        
 

           real time data (arkansas river nav. channel)
        
 

           water management faq
        
 

           beaver lake dam irrm
        
 





           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 

           district maps
        
 



           careers
        



           job announcements
        
 

           retiree information
        
 



           media
        



           images
        
 

           news releases
        
 

           news stories
        
 



           library
        



           arkansas river navigation chart
        
 

           district library
        
 

           usace publications
        
 



           contact
        



           contact little rock district
        
 

           usace office locator
        
 























home
























missions: navigation, hydropower, recreation
navigation, commerce, recreation, and hydropower, the dardanelle lock and dam outside of russellville, arkansas has it all. seen here from the overlook at old post park, a barge navigates the lock as it works its way downriver.













mission: civil works and disaster recovery
workers completing the initial repairs to the mclean bottom levee near paris, arkansas. damaged during the 2019 high-water event, the little rock district worked closely with the arkansas levee task force as well as state and local leaders to begin repairing the damage. with this work done, the levee now has a 25-year level of protection.













mission: navigation
headed down the arkansas, a barge locks through at the ozark-jetta taylor lock and dam. located at mile 308 of the river, the ozark lock and dam is just one unit of the mcclellan-kerr arkansas river navigation system (mkarns) that originates at the port of catoosa in tulsa, oklahoma. running southeast through oklahoma and arkansas to the mississippi river, the mkarns ensures a 9-foot navigable channel for commercial barge traffic. the mkarns is a "high-use" waterway system that routinely sees more than 10 million tons of traffic a year.













mission: water management
the little rock district monitors and directs the release of water from 25 water resource projects. our efforts support  flood control, hydropower, navigation, fish & wildlife, municipal & industrial water supply, and recreation. 













recreation in the little rock district.
the mcclellan-kerr arkansas river navigation system (mkarns) has amazing recreation opportunities along its entire length. the little rock district is among the most visited corps districts in the nation. the district operates 146 public parks and access areas in arkansas and southern missouri. our 25 multi-purpose lakes and navigation pools, combined with our project lands, provide nearly 500,000 acres of public land and water that offer a full range of outdoor recreation opportunities.













mission: medical support team
the mst executes medical sustainment, restoration and modernization projects primarily in operational health care facilities. the little rock district has executed over $2.6b in msrm projects since 2009 ranging from $100k to $100m. current ongoing workload is around 50 projects valued at $750m.













mission: international and interagency support – providing technical assistance to federal agencies, state and local governments, tribal nations, and private u.s. firms.
construction is underway for the va law enforcement training center dinning facility on fort roots in north little rock, arkansas. the overall project is for the design-build construction of the law enforcement training center (letc) student dining facility at the eugene j. towbin va healthcare center. the facility/project will include common administrative space, support space, dining space, applicable site-work, utilities, and parking.













mission: military support program – nationally-recognized knowledge and experience
construction is underway on the little rock air force base visiting quarters in little rock, arkansas. the project consists of a new 4-story visiting quarters building which includes 250 guest rooms with 136,322 sf inclusive of back-of-the-house areas, guest laundries, housekeeping, lobby, coffee shop, business center, conference rooms, exercise room, restrooms, and other exterior improvements within the limits of construction. expected completion date is february 18, 2022.















news









little rock logistics team wins national level award for excellence

                12/23/2024 
            

                little rock district logistics team triumphs in 2024. the swl team achieved a near perfect score on the 2024 command logistics review program inspection and provided flawless support during emergency...
            





seasonal rangers wanted at beaver lake!

                12/6/2024 
            

                the beaver lake project office is seeking motivated, high performers with a passion for outdoor public recreation around the lake. summer seasonal positions for 2025 are now available...
            





usace corrects the record on fairfield bay park lease

                10/23/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers little rock district is clarifying information communicated during the fairfield bay city council meeting on oct. 9, 2024, regarding the operations and lease terms of...
            





big dam bridge facelift

                10/2/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, little rock district and pulaski county announce the commencement of a facelift project for the big dam bridge. crews from pulaski county are currently pressure...
            







view more










public notices









mkarns nav notice no. swl 25-11 lock 9 tow haulage planned outage

                2/14/2025 
            

                the tow haulage equipment at ormond lock (no. 9) nm 176.9 will be taken out of service beginning february 15, 2025, to facilitate required work on the lock shelters. double cut tows will have to be...
            





usace issues small craft advisory for arkansas river

                2/12/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers is issuing a small craft advisory for the mcclellan-kerr arkansas river navigation system in arkansas. heavy rainfall in western arkansas over the last 48 hours will...
            





usace lifts small craft advisory for arkansas river

                2/3/2025 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers is lifting the small craft advisory for the arkansas river. small craft advisories are issued when flows reach 70,000 cubic feet per second...
            





mkarns nav notice no. swl 25-10 lock 10 intermittent delays

                2/3/2025 
            

                mariners should expect to experience intermittent delays at dardanelle lock (no. 10) nm 205.5 on february 6, 2025 between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. daily. the intermittent delays are...
            







view more
























quick links



little rock district facebook
water levels
national inventory of dams
national levee database
regulatory permits
white river basin study
swpa generation schedules - energy.gov








most requested



section 408 public notices
mkarns 2030
water management - faq
beaver lake irrm








lakes



beaver lake
blue mountain lake
bull shoals lake
clearwater lake
dequeen lake
dierks lake
gillham lake
greers ferry lake
millwood lake
nimrod lake
norfork lake
table rock lake








fish phones



beaver lake: 866-494-1993
table rock: 866-494-1993
bull shoals: 870-431-5311
norfork: 870-431-5311























essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the little rock district  website
the official public website of the little rock district, u.s. army corps of engineers. for website corrections, write to ceswl-pa@usace.army.mil













plain languageaccessibilitycontact usquality factslink disclaimerprivacy & securitysite mapusa.govno fear acteeo & sharpsmall businessopen government


igfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil













