ï»¿dirt - a legal disussion group for real estate professionals



















daily development files



2015


2014


2013


2012



2010



2009



2008



2007



2006



2005



2004



2003



2002



2001



2000



1999



1998



1997



1996



1995







subscribe/unsubscribe dirt










user information




about the editor





contributed files
(forms, articles, etc.)




dirt archives




other sites of interest







mortgage calculator





welcome


to the

dirt

web page



 
welcome to 
the supplemental web page for dirt - the internet legal discussion group on for 
real estate professionals. if you are a real estate professional, we welcome 
your participation on the dirt listserv.
the essence 
of dirt is the listserv - subscribers who join the list receive all messages 
posted by other subscribers. these messages contain matters of concern to real 
estate professionals. each weekday the editor of dirt posts a daily development 
- a summary of a recent case or other legal development. usually the editor also 
contributes comments on the development intended to spur responses - pro, con 
and in between, from dirt readers. if you join dirt, you can expect messages 
every weekday on a variety of topics. 
the message volume varies from one or two a day to as 
many as fifteen or so. read those you want; delete those whose subject 
indicators suggest that they are of no interest to you. this webpage will tell 
you how to join dirt and give you some background about it. it also has the dirt 
archives, as described below. we hope that you find dirt a helpful adjunct to 
your practice as a real estate professional.
 dirt was originally founded and 
edited by  patrick a. randolph, jr., 
elmer f. pierson professor of law at the university of missouri-kansas city school of law, 
and received support from the american bar association's section on real 
property, trust and estate law and the university of missouri-kansas city school 
of law.  in september 2012, an interim editorial board was assembled to ensure that 
dirt would continue.  the interim board members - a very distinguished 
group of active dirt 
participants - are:
  dale a. whitman (chair), 
professor of law emeritus, university of missouri-columbia
 roger bernhardt (secretary), 
professor of law, golden gate university, san francisco
 jack p. burton, rodey law firm, 
santa fe
 morton p. fisher, ballard spahr 
llp, baltimore
 robert s. freedman, carlton fields 
pa, tampa
 r. wilson freyermuth, professor of 
law, university of missouri-columbia
 richard r. goldberg, ballard spahr 
llp, philadelphia
 celeste m. hammond, professor of 
law, the john marshall law school, chicago
 robert j. krapf, richards, layton & 
finger, wilmington
 bruce b. may, jennings, strouss & 
salmon, plc, phoenix
 ira meislik, meislik & meislik, 
montclair
 patrick a. randolph, jr. (editor 
emeritus and founder), professor of law, umkc school of law, kansas city 
(deceased)
 patrick t. sharkey, jackson walker 
llp, houston
 
 
dirt is independent 
of any organization in terms of editorial content. opinions expressed on dirt 
are solely those of their authors. information and opinions on dirt do not 
constitute legal advice and should not be relied upon for making legal 
decisions. decisions concerning legal matters should be reached with the benefit 
of a qualified attorney.






