







melbourne pc user group – the melbourne pc user group inc











































 







skip to content










(03) 9276 4000


office@melbpc.org.au








become a member
















 







home
activities
events

what’s on this month
monthly meeting


groups

groups list – all sigs
sigs by location
about sigs – our interest groups


members

member login
member services
member gws access
membership – join or renew


ihelp

about ihelp


about

contact us
current notices
rules and committee







 
 




home page v5




melbourne pc user group
members helping members




			
			cnc project - milestone achieved!		


 
 


get free computer help
be connected - club volunteers help visitors learn about or fix phone, tablet or computer issues.
ihelp is the volunteer group that provides a service to members who are having problems with their technology.



			
			more about be connected		





			
			more about ihelp		





 
 












 
 


learn from our interest groups
are you perplexed by windows, linux or android ? want to trace your family history online or edit your home movies ?
join one or more our interest groups (sigs) dedicated to all manner of computing topics. you’ll meet like minded people and learn and explore with them.



			
			browse groups		



 


 
 












 
 


for makers and creators
we are all about exploring technology together. figuring out how things works often involves pulling something apart to see if we can make it into a new creation. along the way we share skills with others and learn more about the tech.



			
			microcontroller discovery workshops		





			
			learn about maker space		





 
 












 
 


help build a cnc machine
the club has a team of enthusiastic people meeting regularly to collaborate on building a comprehensive cnc router to support a wide range of creativity and innovation. members and visitors are welcome to come along and help continue the progress already made.



			
			learn more about cnc project		





 
 














events for the coming week but see what's on this month for more.
 tue 18 wed 19north east and android sig thu 20sunbury daytime siggenealogy east sig fri 21wadham house sigessendon sig sat 22microcontroller workshop sun 23website design sigcnc project team meeting mon 24





 
 


technology is our passion - check us out!
"mobile phones, tablets, pcs, single board computers, micro electronics. it's all learning fun to us."



			
			find out more		


 

 
 












 




   

melbourne
pc user group




melbourne
creators collective




 
phone our office:
(03) 9276 4000
members ihelp:
(03) 9276 4088
 



 
email our office
 
 
email to website admin






portions copyright © melbourne pc user group inc. 1984-2024. abn 43 196 519 351. victorian association registration no. a0003293v.
 pc update articles and images copyright 1984-2024 of respective authors. all rights reserved. 

links from this site to other sites do not constitute any endorsement of those sites by melbourne pc user group. 

wordpress  di multipurpose theme 





















































