





















students for a free tibet


























            transforming our worldthrough nonviolent action
        



events
 sft store 




search for:



 








our work

campaigns
commemorative dates
trainings and conferences



get involved

start a chapter
intern/volunteer

communications intern
events & programs intern
campaigns intern
usa grassroots intern
graphic design intern


action kit

strategic planning
intro to direct action





latest

 updates
 in the news
 press advisories/releases



about

staff
our history
about tibet
financials



support sft



events



sft store



 donate


ways to support 


















amplifying the voices of tibetans in tibet — 

            we work in solidarity with the tibetan people in their struggle for freedom and independence. we are a chapter-based network of young people and activists around the world. through education, grassroots organizing, and nonviolent direct action, we campaign for tibetans’ fundamental right to political freedom.
        



who we are


                students for a free tibet (sft) was founded in new york city in 1994 by a group of tibetans and young students and supporters.
            
read our story


what we do


                through education, grassroots organizing, and nonviolent direct action, we campaign for tibetans’ fundamental right to political freedom.
            
our work


get involved


                start a chapter, intern/volunteer with us, attend our trainings and workshops, donate and raise your voice for those who have none.
            
take action




latest updates






join 108 for tibet!

                    february 10, 2025 in 
updates



                        the tibetan freedom movement is at a critical moment. every day, the risks posed by the chinese government grow — but so do the opportunities to create real change for tibet. watch our launch video on our instagram(@sft_international) that’s why sft is...                    

                        read more
                    







celebrate sft with our 2024 end of year

                    february 3, 2025 in 
updates



                        2024 was a step into a new era for the tibetan freedom movement and for sft. for over 65 years, tibetans inside tibet have resisted every attempt by the chinese government to destroy their sense of self. today, the ccp considers nothing...                    

                        read more
                    







joint statement against transnational repression

                    october 1, 2024 in 
updates



                        breaking: over 50 international human rights ngos have come together to condemn transnational repression in a powerful joint statement! on the 75th anniversary of the people’s republic of china’s founding, activists, advocates, and researchers across the world have come together to send...                    

                        read more
                    







sft statement against political violence

                    september 20, 2024 in 
press advisories/releases





                        read more
                    







longsho nite is here!

                    august 1, 2024 in 
updates



                        you’re invited...  this year’s longsho nite marks the 30th anniversary of students for a free tibet! saturday, august 24th in new york!   mark your calendars to come celebrate 30 years of hard hitting campaigns with sft’s grassroots network. hear from talented musical artist...                    

                        read more
                    







rising against xi in europe

                    may 21, 2024 in 
updates



                        this month, sft and tibet activists took action to make sure tibet would be in the headlines as xi jinping took his trip across europe. despite european governments giving xi a red carpet treatment and directing police to silence tibet protestors, our...                    

                        read more
                    






read more of our latest updates







                    students for a free tibet (sft) works in solidarity with the tibetan people in their struggle for freedom and independence.
                

                    we are a chapter-based network of young people and activists around the world. through education, grassroots organizing, and nonviolent direct action, we campaign for tibetans’ fundamental right to political freedom.
                



join sft's online action network:
                    get emails, updates & action items.



                        sign up!
                    




                    602 east 14th street,
                    2nd floor new york, 
                    ny 10009 usa 
                

  (212) 358-0071
  info@studentsforafreetibet.org



intern with us

                    we are always looking for help.
                

                    if you are talented and passionate about human rights and tibet then we want to hear from you!
                
intern / volunteer



      


                    © 2025 students for a free tibet
                








