


equal marriage for same-sex couples: queer gay marriage equality













 

 
  
  
 
 

















 news


our 
              public service announcements, production notes, etc.




ottawa backpedals on legality of non-resident marriages

jan 12, 2021 - we were planning to celebrate our eleventh wedding anniversary this saturday with a little champagne and some welcome "us" time. just the two of us relaxing and enjoying the welcome reality of getting to mark our anniversary like any other married couple in a country where same-sex marriage has become a non-issue. then we read the globe and mail.  



norway's 
              expansion of human rights
june 
              17 , 2008 - as gay and lesbians celebrated marriage in california, 
              norway's upper house voted in favour of gay marriage today. the 
              23-17 vote comes after the country's lower house voted 84-41 for 
              gender neutral legislation in parliament last week. the new legislation 
              becomes effective january 1, 2009. norway becomes the first scandinavian 
              country to have equal marriage. will sweden soon follow norway's 
              example?




 



congratulations 
              california: dreams come true
may 
              18, 2008 - we were enjoying the goods and goals of marriage in canada, 
              taking a break as gay marriage advocates, when we received news 
              on may 15th that the california supreme court released a long-awaited 
              decision in favour of same-sex marriage. we immediately thought 
              of our friends and supporters in california and across the united 
              states who have been fighting for years to see their dreams come 
              true. 




john 
              tory's faith-based funding is a loser
sept 
              28 , 2007 - we first met ontario conservative party leader john 
              tory in 2004. we were pleased to learn he supported gay marriage 
              but his stance attracted criticism from christian extremists. perhaps 
              tory thought if he agreed to make faith-based funding a part of 
              his plan to change education in ontario, he could painlessly make 
              ammends with party extremists. instead, he has renewed calls for 
              one publc school system.





visibility 
              is key to protecting human rights
sept 
              24 , 2007 - on september 17, media reports began appearing about 
              a halifax lesbian couple and their human rights complaint over the 
              way nova scotia registers the birth of a child. three days after 
              the couple made their case known to the public, the government announced 
              that the issue had been resolved. the government knew of this problem 
              for over six months. gay marriage is 3 years old. what took so long?




 
              counting what matters with gay marriage
sept 
              21 , 2007 - on sept. 12 statistics canada released new census data 
              collected in 2006: family portrait: continuity and change in 
              canadian families and households in 2006. for the first time, 
              married and common-law same-sex couples were included in the data. 
              we believe the most important statistic is the number of same-sex 
              couples denied access to marriage: zero.




 
              bank employees linking with communities
sept 
              20 , 2007 - now 
              that gay marriage is available across canada, we are taking pleasure 
              in lending support to others where we can. we are proud to participate 
              in the cibc pride network's initiatives in support of diversity. 
              this past weekend we joined fellow members of the network in the 
              toronto aids walk for life and in the peterborough pride parade. 
              read a report by elizabeth reynolds.




 
              world's 1st married gay couple walk for life
july 
              12 , 2007 - gay marriage advocates kevin bourassa and joe varnell 
              are asking supporters of same-sex marriage to join them in the aids 
              walk for life, a national campaign. the couple will walk on sunday, 
              september 16th, 2007, to benefit the aids committee of toronto. 
               
              please get involved as a walker, or consider making an online donation 
              now. celebrate freedoms and rights by giving back to communities.





 features





just 
              married: recent reviews and news
read 
              reviews of our book just married: gay marriage and the expansion 
              of human rights. information about the french edition gays, 
              gays, marions-nous!, a schedule of appearances and activities 
              are listed here





read 
                summaries of the ontario divisional court hearings 
                - the 1st canadian court victory for gay marriage. (2002)  businesses we would like to thank:  kitchens inc. kitchen design & renovations    green fx landscaping 
read 
                summaries of the ontario court of appeal hearings - the hearing 
                that ended marriage discrimination in canada.(2003)
supreme 
                court refuses to hear appeal of ontario gay marriage victory  learn about the businesses that treats all patients equally. do you need to find a sex coach near me? contact worn edges if you do!



the 
              first legal gay marriage is certified canada 
              has the distinction of recognizing & registering the earliest 
              known legal lesbian and gay marriages in modern times.








ontario 
              court of appeal decision: gay marriage
on 
              june 10, 2003, the court of appeal for ontario ruled that it was 
              discriminatory to deny same-sex couples access to marriage. it was 
              a decision that recognized, retroactively, the marriages of kevin 
              bourassa & joe varnell and anne & elaine vautour, solemnized 
              by the metropolitan community church of toronto on january 14, 2001. 
              the court compelled the province of ontario to issue civil marriage 
              licenses to same-sex couples effective that day.




 
              parliament stands by the charter
june 
              28, 2005 - gay marriage was approved by canada's house of commons 
              todaywith 158 mps in favour & 133 against. the definition of 
              marriage was changed by ontario's court of appeal in 2003, but as 
              parliament acts we recall some memories along the way. 




 
              it's a quiet thing - gay marriage is law
july 
              19, 2005 - same-sex marriage is the law of the land. following this 
              historic moment, the world did not stand still. there were no celebratory 
              fireworks. the world simply turned on - and that's the way it should 
              be. 



 



















































web

















 

















      


 

