 
















welcome















































 









search ...  

















 

browse 


features


overview
particles
typography
block variations
documentation
forum support
download



pages


about us
pricing
blog
portfolio
contact
error
coming soon
offline



layouts


fullwidth
left sidebar
right sidebar
two sidebars
two sidebars left
two sidebars right
rows & columns



styles


preset 1
preset 2
preset 3
preset 4
preset 5
preset 6















 contact

mail@gemini-theme.com 
+ 001 0231 123 32






 follow 

  

  






 info

all demo content is for sample purposes only, intended to represent a live site. please use the rocketlauncher to install an equivalent of the demo, all images will be replaced with sample images.






















 







 









 




welcome






secular institutes






spirituality






foundation & history






who we are






joining us






contact us








 search 


 









 







join us in living our spirituality of embracing the will of god by living the sacrament of the present moment in the midst of the world.











gather together in an apostolic commitment with clergy, singles and married couples.











create peace and fellowship in jesus christ.











love without criticizing andserve without complaining.











live in the presence of god.











say yes, with mary to the will of god. 
























 





 







                                                welcome
                                            



from the director of voluntas dei institute usa
welcome to the voluntas dei institute (ivdei) usa, a community dedicated to living out the call to holiness and mission in the heart of the world. as the district director, i am delighted to greet you and invite you to explore our institute. as you journey through our website, may you find inspiration and encouragement to deepen your relationship with god and discern his will in your life. should you become more interested we encourage you to contact our vocation office and join a team.we are here to support you in this mission of spreading god's love and to walk with you as you strive to be an instrument of his will in the world. 
our founder, father louis marie parent, reminds us:to do god's will is to live in perfect peace and joy, for his will is our sanctification.
in christ's peace, father james burns, ivdei district director, voluntas dei institute usa













 





secular institutes spiritualityfoundation & historywho we arejoining uscontact us













 







 


site by solutio
translation
members login













