





richie cannata













































            skip to content        





recent posts


tips for choosing indonesia furniture manufacturer exporter


unique wedding gift recommendations in the philippines


the best music genres for relaxation


find the best sukabumi stone factory here!


reasons why crumbl cookies are so popular


 
most used categories

best (13)

reviews (8)

apps & software (7)

business (7)

gaming (5)







            skip to content        









 
richie cannata                                        

apps & software, business, reviews, gaming news



 subscribe 



 











home
best
reviews
gaming
apps & software
business
 


 
 

 







 best   

                                                                tips for choosing indonesia furniture manufacturer exporter                                                            


 richie cannatafebruary 17, 2025february 12, 2025 










 best   

                                                                unique wedding gift recommendations in the philippines                                                            


 richie cannatadecember 16, 2024december 9, 2024 







 best   

                                                                the best music genres for relaxation                                                            


 richie cannatanovember 17, 2024november 5, 2024 



















tips for choosing indonesia furniture manufacturer exporter 
 richie cannatafebruary 17, 2025february 12, 2025 



you can get various quality furniture from indonesia. indonesia furniture manufacturer exporter will provide the best furniture for you. even so, it is not so easy to find a reliable exporter. this article can be your valuable source for finding the right furniture manufacturer.
indonesia as one of the best furniture exporters
the number of furniture imports from indonesia is so high from year to year to various countries. in indonesia, you can find many furniture manufacturers. some can produce furniture that lasts for years and has a unique design.
furniture manufacturers in indonesia are not only focused on the local market. they also consider the international market style. thanks to the quality wood, you can expect the best furniture from this country.
customers can also make customization requests or choose the type of wood according to their needs or budget. every furniture product is done with full attention to detail. indonesia furniture manufacturer exporter also provides a warranty to ensure that the products received by consumers are the best.
how to choose indonesia furniture manufacturer exporter?

although in quantity, there are so many furniture manufacturers in indonesia, that you have to be selective in choosing them. the consideration in choosing a furniture craftsman is quite complex, at least you need to know what you exactly need. do you want to be high-quality-oriented, or do you want to save money? let’s see some points below to help you choose the best furniture manufacturer exporter:
choose one that provides complete product descriptions
we can know furniture is a good quality product by reading the complete information. a credible manufacturer will provide every information that customers need without any cover-up. they provide information ranging from product size, factory location, and other details.
if you can get each of these easily, you’ve found a professional company. some manufacturers may not explain everything due to the use of low-quality materials. if you haven’t found enough information, you can at least ask the manufacturer directly.
provide delivery to your location
even though you have found a reliable manufacturer, it will be useless if they cannot deliver the furniture to your location. even though there are many furniture exporters in indonesia, they may set delivery restrictions.
once you have ensured that the supplier has delivery access to your location, you can ask about the cost. large-scale delivery is more advisable to reduce the shipping cost per unit. however, it will all come back to your needs, how much furniture you need to order.
compare shipping costs between expeditions, you may be able to get a much cheaper one. courier delivery services also usually use specialized couriers, the price depends on the supplier’s policy.
reading testimonials
many furniture importers are helped by customer reviews of indonesia furniture manufacturer exporter. you can be more confident in choosing a particular manufacturer as your supplier if there are many positive reviews. make sure to read the testimonials in their entirety.
you may find some positive reviews but there could be crucial negative ones. for example, although the manufacturer serves professionally and offers competitive prices, the quality of the product may not meet your expectations.
read customer reviews critically so you can make an informed decision. be aware of fake reviews with made-up words.
browse through the manufacturer’s catalog
the more complete the furniture manufacturer provides products, the more reliable it is. furniture companies that have been running for a long time usually have a more complete product collection. reading the catalog thoroughly can also help you determine the most appropriate product.
trusted furniture manufacturers provide furniture in various sizes, prices, and styles. you can find the catalog through their official website.
importance of quality control and product supervision
every product that comes out of the factory must be free from defects. therefore, indonesia furniture manufacturer exporter conducts detailed quality control. they check every major aspect of production, one of which is water content control.
the moisture content of furniture should be at least around 12-15% to avoid quality changes. high moisture content can allow the wood to expand, which can make it different from the original specification. while high moisture content can be disastrous, the same goes for low levels.
furniture with too low moisture content is more likely to crack. so, make 12-15% as the benchmark for good quality furniture. another control procedure is fumigation, this is also an important procedure because it can make the product more free from pests or mold.
fumigation becomes more important if the delivery distance is longer. as we know, termites and mold can damage furniture, especially wooden furniture. fumigation is usually done before furniture delivery.
ask about another quality control to your supplier so that you can be more confident to start the purchase. that’s all about tips for choosing an indonesia furniture manufacturer exporter. you can count on furniture from indonesia as a product that is competitively priced but with high quality.  read more 


 





unique wedding gift recommendations in the philippines 
 richie cannatadecember 16, 2024december 9, 2024 



giving wedding gifts can often be a challenge, especially if you want to give something unique and memorable to the newlyweds. in the philippines, the culture of giving wedding gifts is influenced by tradition, modernity, and family and community values. here are memorable wedding gifts ideas in philippines that you can choose from.
giving a unique gift that the couple will love will not only make their moment more special, but it will also show your care and appreciation.
unique and memorable wedding gifts

here are some recommendations for unique wedding gifts that are popular and widely loved in the philippines.
1. locally themed home decor items
newlyweds are usually starting a new life together, and their home is a symbol of the beginning of that journey. giving home decor with a touch of filipino cultures, such as banig-style cushions, capiz lamps, or local paintings, is a unique and meaningful gift option. these items are not only aesthetically pleasing but also bring a sense of pride in cultural heritage.
2. traditional cooking or dinnerware set
for couples who love to cook or enjoy meals together, a kitchenware gift with traditional filipino designs is the perfect choice. for example, giving a wooden serving platter, bamboo plates, or clay pots is known as palayok. in addition to being functional, this gift provides a unique classic feel and is suitable for family meals.
3. custom couple portraits
gifts in the form of hand-painted or digital art portraits of couples are increasingly popular in the philippines. this art provides a personal and unique touch because it displays moments of togetherness between couples in the form of artwork. you can order a portrait in a traditional filipino style, for example with the couple wearing traditional clothes such as barong tagalog and baro’t saya. this portrait can be a home decoration full of memories.
4. travel experience or staycation voucher
for couples who love adventure or want to relax after a busy wedding day, giving a travel experience is a very memorable gift. you can provide a voucher to stay at a popular resort or hotel, such as in boracay, palawan, or batanes. this gift allows them to create new memories and enjoy romantic moments together.
5. local coffee equipment
the philippines has a rich coffee heritage, such as barako coffee from batangas or cordillera coffee. giving a coffee equipment set, such as a manual grinder, french press, or pour-over set, along with local coffee beans, is one of the wedding gifts ideas in philippines for couples who love this beverage. you can also complete this gift with a personalized couple mug for an added special touch.
6. bonsai or houseplants
houseplants and bonsai are unique and meaningful gift choices in the philippines. bonsai, which symbolizes patience and harmony, is the perfect symbol for couples who are just starting their life together. another alternative is easy-care houseplants, such as monstera or peace lilies, which can beautify their home while providing a fresh atmosphere.
7. customized jewelry or accessories
custom jewelry or accessories for the couple, such as bracelets or necklaces engraved with names or wedding dates, make for a very personal and special wedding gift. some jewelry makers in the philippines also offer designs inspired by local culture, such as traditional wood carving motifs or ethnic-based designs.
8. local beauty and health product packages
natural beauty and health product packages are also popular gifts in the philippines. products like organic coconut soap, local essential oils, or handmade aromatherapy candles are not only useful but also unique. you can choose products with unique filipino scents or ingredients, such as ylang-ylang or calamansi.
9. board games or traditional game sets
traditional games like sungka (a traditional filipino board game) can be a gift that is not only entertaining but also nostalgic for your partner. another alternative is to give them modern board games that they can play with friends or family, which can also strengthen their social bonds.
10. scrapbook or memory box
a scrapbook or memory box designed specifically for your partner is also highly appreciated. you can include blank pages that they can fill with photos and notes from their life journey together.
11. unique service vouchers
giving vouchers for services such as a spa day, cooking class, or traditional filipino dance class is also a great gift idea. not only does it give the couple a new experience, but it also allows them to explore their shared interests.
12. custom products with couple’s names or logo
items such as towels, pillows, or aprons with the couple’s names or logos custom-designed make unique and personalized wedding gifts. in the philippines, many service providers offer these products at affordable prices and good quality.
13. mini wine cellar or wine set
for couples who enjoy wine, giving an elegant wine glass set or a mini wine cellar that allows them to store their wine collection is an ideal choice. you can also complement it with bottles of local wine from regions such as ilocos or tagaytay.
giving unique wedding gifts in the philippines doesn’t have to be complicated. the key is to choose something relevant to the couple’s personality, show attention to detail, and, if possible, incorporate elements of the rich local culture.
with these recommendations wedding gifts ideas in philippines, you can give a gift that is not only functional but also meaningful and memorable for the couple who are just starting their journey together.  read more 


 





the best music genres for relaxation 
 richie cannatanovember 17, 2024november 5, 2024 



talking about relaxation, of course people will think that this is something that is very necessary. especially for those who do a lot of activities every day such as working, getting rich, and many more. one way to increase relaxation is to listen to relaxation music that you can find on tubidy download.
relaxation means that you give your body a sense of calm, your complicated thoughts rest for a moment, in the end blood circulation and breathing can be more regular, and all of these elements will bring relaxation. imagine if you don’t take the time to relax even for a moment, then you will definitely get stressed easily and your health will be disturbed.
music is one way that can change a person’s mood, including in terms of relaxation. what types of music genres are suitable to accompany your relaxation period? here’s the review.
1. classical music
it is common knowledge that classical music is one of the top choices chosen as music to accompany relaxation. the harmony and melody produced by classical music maestros never fail to play with human mood.
some of the most well-known classical music artists are beethoven, mozart, or bach who have long accompanied classical music lovers during their relaxation time. in general, classical music has a tempo that tends to be slow, and this kind of tempo is the most suitable for calming the heart and mind.
a slow tempo will eventually affect the listener’s breathing pattern and will eventually regulate the heartbeat to be calmer. this is why classical music is always the top choice for relaxation. this is in line with many reviews from doctors regarding the relationship between breathing and heart rate to human relaxation levels. so this is strong evidence that relaxation music has a big impact on the human psyche.
2. instrumental music
instrumental music is a type of music without lyrics, and surprisingly this type of music is also very suitable for accompanying your relaxation time.
some people might think that music without lyrics will reduce the impression and not have a deep emotional impact. but did you realize that on the other hand, music with a slow tempo accompanied by heartbreaking lyrics actually makes the atmosphere sad? this is the opposite of the purpose of using music as a relaxation tool.
so it’s no wonder that instrumental music is more suitable for accompanying relaxation time because it is not distorted by lyrics. just like regular music, there are also many types of instrumental music, and one of the best choices for relaxation is ambient music which is suitable for calming yourself and accompanying your meditation.
3. natural sounds
not always structured music with lyrics, rhythm, harmony, melody and so on, natural sounds are also the most interesting choice to be a relaxation companion. this will be suitable for people who like to be alone and don’t like things that are too dramatic. people who prioritize tranquility may prefer this natural sound over others.
natural sounds consist of the sound of ocean waves, the sound of rain, the sound of wind in a forest full of calm trees, and this atmosphere seems to be presented through this audio playback is very interesting. in addition to using the application to create such natural sounds, you can also easily search for natural sounds on tubidy download to save on your device and listen to anytime.
read also : top 5 songs to listen while playing games
4. world music
this is a type of music that combines many styles and cultures that exist around the world. this music will use a lot of traditional musical instruments that are full of culture, you may not have even heard of it, but you will definitely agree that this is interesting music. this will certainly be an interesting choice to accompany your relaxation time.
one type of world music is indian classical music which is full of calm nuances and is suitable for meditation. you will hear the beauty of the sound of traditional musical instruments such as tabla or sitar, and this has been proven to reduce your stress levels and maximize your relaxation time in your free time.
whatever type of music you choose, the point is to choose which one best represents your personality. after all, everyone has different preferences in determining which music makes them more relaxed. you can also try to explore more widely by looking for relaxation music that you have never heard before, who knows that you will find a new atmosphere that you never imagined.
5. religious music
for those of you who are not only limited to relaxation but also have advantages in the spiritual side, then you can also choose music that carries religious lyrics, whatever your religion. there’s nothing wrong with listening to this type of music when looking for relaxation because the most important thing is the good message conveyed in this type of religious music.
you will be very motivated, and we know that the strains of religious music will certainly not be delivered with tones that are too complicated and excessive dynamics. so this will provide more relaxation value as well as provide invaluable spiritual benefits.
that’s a review of the types of music that are suitable to accompany your relaxation or meditation time. choose the genre of music that suits your taste and emotional aspects. all of these types of music can be easily found on the tubidy download website.  read more 


 





find the best sukabumi stone factory here! 
 richie cannataseptember 24, 2024september 19, 2024 



did you know sukabumi stone is only found in indonesia? the stone is very popular for pool projects and usually the stone is installed not only for the pool floors but also the walls around the pool. here, i will share the best sukabumi stone factory for your references. i hope it will help your pool projects.
moreover, i will tell you a little bit about the stone and how it has become so popular. then, i will share what you need to know to choose the stone factory in indonesia. for good material like natural stones; you need to know the steps of choosing the best supplier.
therefore, you will not make the mistake of choosing the wrong ones. well, are you doing the big projects for a five-star hotel or some aesthetic resorts? whichever project you are doing; i hope you will get the best quality of sukabumi stone and get the best supplier.
ok, let’s see the information as follows.
steps of choosing the best sukabumi stone factory

bali green sukabumi or green sukabumi stone or simply people call it bali stone is the popular stone that has several best features as natural stone. the several best features and characteristics you should know are:

natural green color: it is so good for the natural theme of the pool without much effort to make it look natural and elegant at the same time.
durable: it is so strong and does not easily absorb water. it can be put in a deep pool with high pressure water.
anti-slip stone: the surface of the stone will not make people slip. it is safe for all people, even kids.
zeolite substance: this substance will keep the water healthy by killing the microorganism.
thermally stable: it will keep the freshness temperature of the water to make you comfortable.

you know, even though this green stone naturally has good characteristics and features; you still need to know how to choose the best sukabumi stone factory. so, here are the steps of choosing the factory for your sukabumi stone:
1. find out the background of the factory
it is important to find a credible website for a natural stone factory. you could see all the updates about their works and the reviews (if they include the reviews page). the credible website usually has contacts and details for their products.
in their website, there will be many pictures of the products for your references before contacting them and seeing the samples.
2. make sure the factory or company capable of exporting the stone
if you are attracted to a factory or company in indonesia; make sure to know they are providing export. if you are not in indonesia; it is so important to know they could send you the stones safely.
so, it is so important to know they have export quality and permit to do export.
3. make sure the quality of the stone
you should make sure of the quality of the stones you want to order. as i mentioned before, the natural characteristics of the green sukabumi stones itself are already stunning and the best. however, if you choose the wrong factory; the quality and look will not be as good as the stones.
how to know the quality of the stone? you should contact the company and ask for the samples. it will help you look at the quality and whether it is suitable for your project or not.
4. get the samples before order
make sure you contact the sales of the sukabumi stone factory and they could provide you with the samples. some of the companies will give you free samples; therefore, you do not need to pay for the samples before order.
the free samples will help you to find and compare from one factory to another easily. you do not need to waste money and get the best supplier or factory as soon as possible.
5. make sure to have all checked including the term of payment and exporting process
after you get the samples you need and love the samples; you should make sure the company is trusted and have all they need to export the sukabumi stone to your country safely. you could tell them all the documents and conditions to export the stone to your country if there are specific rules and conditions.
if the export is easy; you will get the stone faster and get done with your pool projects as soon as possible.
well, those are the steps you need to know to get the best factory of sukabumi stone for your pool projects. factory that has good quality and service will give you many options of the finishing of the stones too. they will inform you what kind of finishing you need for your projects.
the options of the finishing that are suitable for some projects will help you a lot. the cut of the stones and sizes are also important. so, make sure you have all of that information while contacting the factory. some good factories even have the information in their website about those things before you contact them directly.
so, that is all. you want to know one factory for the recommendation? i have one recommendation that could be perfect for your sukabumi stone supplier. they have done export to many countries for a lot of big pool projects for hotels and resorts.
besides, they not only provide the green sukabumi stone but also other natural stones such as black lava stone, yellow palimanan, white palimanan, andesite stone tiles, gray kerobokan stone, cream palimanan stone and so on. maybe you will need other natural stones for your next projects.
ok, you could visit the page for the recommended sukabumi stone supplier or company here at sukabumi stone factory. you could check the page of their website and contact them afterward. well, that is all the information you need to know about the best factory of sukabumi stones.
i hope the information will help you and answer all your questions. share this article to your friends or colleagues just in case they need to find the same information as you!  read more 


 





reasons why crumbl cookies are so popular 
 richie cannataseptember 12, 2024september 3, 2024 



in the ever-evolving baked goods landscape, crumbl cookies have carved out a niche for themselves that has captivated cookie lovers across the united states. from their innovative flavors to their exceptional quality, crumbl cookies are at the top of the must-try snack list. so, how much is one crumbl cookie and how did this crumbl cookie become one of the most popular snacks in the world?
if you’re a fan of crumb cookies, let’s find out more. let’s discuss the factors that make crumbl so popular, explore its standout qualities, and highlight some of its must-try variations.
the crumbl cookie phenomenon

founded in 2017 by jason and sawyer mcgowan, crumbl cookies quickly grew from a single store in logan, utah, to a nationwide phenomenon. the brand’s success can be attributed to several key factors:
1. innovative flavors
one of crumbl’s standout features is its ever-changing menu. each week, the company introduces a rotation of new and exciting cookie flavors, ensuring that there’s always something fresh and intriguing to try. this rotating menu keeps customers coming back to see what new flavors are available, generating buzz and anticipation.
2. high-quality ingredients
crumbl takes pride in using premium ingredients. from high-quality chocolate to real vanilla extract, the emphasis on quality ensures that every bite delivers exceptional taste and texture.
3. unique experience
crumbl’s commitment to providing a memorable experience is evident in their store design, customer service, and even their packaging. the vibrant, modern stores are designed to be inviting and instagram-worthy, encouraging customers to share their crumbl experiences on social media.
4. convenience and accessibility
with a growing number of locations and a user-friendly app, crumbl has made it easy for customers to order their favorite cookies online or pick them up in-store. the app also features a delivery option in many areas, further increasing accessibility.
5. community engagement
crumbl actively engages with its customers through social media, special promotions, and seasonal events. this level of interaction helps build a loyal community and keeps the brand top-of-mind for cookie lovers.
key advantages of crumbl cookies
being one of the most popular snack brands in the world, crumbl cookies has the keys to successfully making cookie fans not forget their taste and keep them buying cookies. what makes crumbl cookies consistently popular, even though it has many competitors?
1. size and presentation
crumbl cookies are known for their large, perfectly round shape and eye-catching presentation. each cookie is a generous size, making it a substantial treat that’s perfect for sharing or indulging alone.
2. texture variety
the texture of crumbl cookies is a significant part of their appeal. the cookies are often described as soft, chewy, and delightfully rich. the dough is carefully crafted to provide a satisfying bite, whether you prefer a gooey center or a slightly crisp edge.
3. flavor fusion
crumbl cookie is known for its creative and sometimes unexpected flavor combinations. by combining classic cookie flavors with unique ingredients, crumbl cookie manages to surprise and delight customers with each new offering.
4. customization
while the rotating menu is a major draw, crumbl also offers customization options for special occasions. customers can order custom cookies for events like birthdays, weddings, or corporate functions, allowing for a personalized touch.
5. signature cookies
among their rotating offerings, crumbl has a few signature cookies that have become fan favorites. these signature flavors are so beloved that they often make a return, and they include some of the brand’s most iconic creations.
must-try crumbl cookie varieties
so, how much is one crumbl cookie? the price of a crumbl cookie can vary depending on the location and the specific cookie. generally, each crumbl cookie costs around $4 to $5. if you’re looking for exact pricing, it might be a good idea to check with your local crumbl store or their website, as prices can differ by region and for different flavors.

chocolate chip cookie: the crumbl chocolate chip cookie is a classic that lives up to its reputation. featuring a soft and gooey center with a rich chocolate flavor, it’s a must-try for anyone new to crumbl. the chocolate chips are generously distributed, making each bite a chocolate lover’s dream.
sugar cookie: known for its soft and buttery texture, the sugar cookie is a perfect example of simplicity done right. topped with a smooth, colorful frosting and festive sprinkles, it’s as delightful to look at as it is to eat.
peanut butter cup cookie: for peanut butter lovers, the peanut butter cup cookie is a revelation. it combines a rich peanut butter base with chunks of peanut butter cups, delivering a decadent treat that balances sweetness and nutty flavor beautifully.
milk chocolate chip cookie: a variation on the classic chocolate chip, the milk chocolate chip cookie uses milk chocolate instead of semisweet. this version is slightly sweeter and provides a different flavor profile, making it a great choice for those who prefer a less intense chocolate experience.
cookies & cream cookie: this flavor is a fan favorite for its delightful blend of chocolate and cream. the cookie features a creamy filling with crushed oreo cookies mixed in, creating a cookie that’s both indulgent and nostalgic.
pumpkin pie cookie: seasonal varieties like the pumpkin pie cookie offer a taste of fall. this cookie is infused with pumpkin spice and topped with a cream cheese frosting, capturing the essence of pumpkin pie in cookie form.
lemon glaze cookie: for a refreshing twist, the lemon glaze cookie is a great choice. it features a zesty lemon flavor with a tangy glaze, perfect for those who enjoy a citrusy kick in their desserts.

how much is one crumbl cookie depends on the variety. crumbl cookies has made a name for itself by combining high-quality ingredients with a fresh and innovative approach to baking. their varied menu, commitment to quality, and unique customer experience all contribute to their broad appeal.
so, the next time you’re in the mood for a sweet treat, consider stopping by crumbl to sample one of their iconic cookies for yourself.  read more 


 





the best law and inmates guides 
 richie cannataapril 2, 2024march 25, 2024 



studying law and inmates guides helps them understand their rights. by knowing these rules, inmates can stand up for themselves and get fair treatment. it’s also important because laws might change, and inmates need to know how it affects them. overall, learning about these laws helps inmates feel more in control and able to handle their legal issues.
so, it’s important for inmates to study legal updates and guides to know their rights. here’s a review to help you understand.
assault and excessive violence
your rights

according to the constitution, officers have a legal obligation to protect inmates from attacks by other inmates. apart from that, you are also not allowed to use excessive violence or intimidation towards inmates.
officers may use violence at a reasonable level only to carry out conditioning and good intentions. if officers use violence with the intention of harming inmates, then it becomes a violation.
officers who remain silent even though they know that an inmate has received an attack could be considered to be violating the constitution. another thing that is considered a violation is if there are unreasonable conditions that cause an attack between inmates, such as inadequate security facilities, a space that is too narrow, or a door that does not lock properly.

what can be done?
when you are attacked by other inmates or even officers, you can appeal with all existing levels of appeal. you must know that there are limits that must be followed and that you will not be punished if you miss them, so pay attention carefully.
when you are absolutely sure that you are in danger of being attacked, talk to trusted staff, such as a spiritual teacher or mental health department.
religious discrimination in prisons
your rights

there are special protections set out in federal law for inmates who wish to engage in religious practices. when there are rules, policies, and systems or practices in prison that clearly hinder your worship process for the religion you follow, then prison officials must ensure that the implementation of these policies is in the greater interest of the state, therefore it is deemed necessary to make it mandatory for inmates. for the sake of mutual security and safety, and there is no other way that can be done.

when officers cannot ensure this, then they are obliged to provide accommodation related to religious worship that you believe in.

there are many special factors related to religion, for example having to provide food with poor conditions such as having to be halal and the like, providing worship services and facilities, and access to teachers or priests.

officers will also be asked to give religious adherents permission to use their religious books, religious clothing, head coverings and other accessories or certain religious appearance conditions are required such as keeping long hair and a long beard, or even going bald.

there must be no coercion of beliefs carried out by officers. it is not permissible to punish inmates who refuse to take part in activities that have a religious element, especially if it is different from their beliefs.
there should be no special preferences in dealing with inmates, for example treating inmates who adhere to a particular religion worse than adherents of other religions which may be due to social sentiment.

what to do

file your complaint with the special litigation division of the us department of justice.
immediately contact the aclu in that state to get more information.

pregnant and imprisoned
your rights

you are free to determine your stance regarding the practice of abortion, whether you can do it or not.
have the right to receive care before birth, starting from pregnancy, giving birth, to care after giving birth.
there must be no forced payment or extortion of money if you have not received adequate birth care.
you may not be shackled. in some policies, shackles are not enforced for women who are pregnant, giving birth or who have just given birth. the practice of shackling has even been deemed unconstitutional in some states. you can find anti-shackle related papers from the aclu that contain more detailed information regarding this.
have the right to refuse the use of contraception or sterilization during your pregnancy.

what to do?

ask for help from medical staff if you are not receiving or being offered appropriate pregnancy health services while in prison.
try to document whatever you experience. always make written requests regarding other health services and also requests for desired abortion procedures, don’t forget to always keep a copy.

not only that, it is important to keep a list of people you have contacted and talked to before, note down everything they talked about, even include the place and time you talked in detail.

not only do you request medical treatment, you can also make a complaint if you don’t get it as needed. when your complaint is rejected, you can appeal at various levels. don’t forget to find out the deadline for filing a complaint so you don’t miss it. you can still find all this information in the very informative prison or law and inmates guides guide book.

receiving and sending letters in prison
your rights

inmates have the right to receive and send letters in prison according to the provisions of the constitution. however, there is a need for prior inspection or even censorship of certain parts of the letter for the special security purposes required.
whether or not there is a privilege will determine the level of the officer’s ability to censor or examine existing letters. officials have the right to open non-special category letters, such as business letters, letters from family or friends even in your absence.

even without a warrant, officers can still check incoming emails to carry out security procedures required by prisons.

outgoing or incoming privileged mail can still be censored for certain security considerations. however, censorship should not be carried out just because the officers don’t like the content, for example because the content is in the form of criticism of officers or prison services that are deemed unsatisfactory.
letters containing material downloaded on the internet and assisted in searching by outsiders may not be prohibited from entering by officers.

what to do?

if you believe that your rights to receive and send letters have been violated, you can file an appeal immediately using the available appeal levels. apply quickly because there are applicable rules regarding the submission deadline.

that is a review of law and inmates guides which are useful for knowing your inmates’ rights while in prison and how to defend yourself if your rights are not fulfilled. hope it is useful.  read more 


 





choosing the best photo and video documentation agency 
 richie cannataoctober 2, 2023september 23, 2023 



planning to hold an important event or occasion in bali? don’t forget to prepare the documentation by using bali event documentation photo and video services to capture the moment. apart from that, you can also use it as a publication medium that is easy to share or save for personal or business documentation.
how to choose the best quality photo and video documentation services
to produce good, quality photos and videos is not an easy thing, because it must be done by those who are experts in that field. a photographer or videographer must be able to make their photo and video content more interesting, concise and contained.
this includes using special skills and instincts to choose which parts need to be taken in pictures or videos without ignoring the aesthetic aspect of it. there are several ways to choose photo and video services to document the event you are holding in bali, namely:
1. view portfolio
many photo and video services have websites to promote their business so that it can be easily reached by more people. you can also see what kind of portfolio they have so far which shows how much experience and expertise they have.
by knowing the portfolio of projects they have worked on, at least you will know the photos and videos they produce for documentation at an event or occasion. even so, it is best to make a thorough observation of the portfolio results presented.
because it is possible that some projects are made according to the client’s wishes, so the photographer’s ideas and creativity are limited to use. here it would be better if you also consult and ask questions to find out how much experience they have.
2. choose someone who is professional and experienced
you can also choose professional and experienced photo and video services, including those that already have a name in the business. maybe many are worried about tariffs or prices that are too expensive.
however, it would be better if you came directly to the service office to consult about using the service. some professional and experienced services can even adjust their rates according to the client’s budget.
read also : honest the best nespresso review
3. ask about price or tariff details
the next way is to ask about the detailed prices or rates for photo and video services. you can use this to compare prices with other services so you can choose the one that offers the most competitive prices.
sometimes many people don’t know how difficult it is to produce interesting photos and videos. that a team and crew are needed that are experienced and competent in their fields to complete the work according to their respective job descriptions.
a photo and video service team or crew consists of many workers from the team for taking photos/videos, editing photos/videos to arranging the location and decorations needed. this requires quite a large amount of money, so it is important to know what the average rates or prices are for photo and video services on the market.
4. know the services you are getting
usually bali event documentation photo and video services provide complete features in their services which can be selected according to the client’s needs. you can choose several services or features that you really need so you can cut the service costs you have to pay. however, if you want to use the complete package, make sure you know what features, facilities and services you get.
5. professional team and crew
choose a photo and video service that has a professional, competent and experienced service team and crew in this field. many event documentation service companies have a workforce consisting of various groups of individuals who are reliable, competent and experienced.
they are also trained to manage large and small events in person, digital or a combination of both. choosing photo and video services managed by a professional team will guarantee that the documentation results obtained will meet your expectations.
6. know the type of equipment used
photo and video services for documentation will use a lot of digital equipment such as video cameras, sound recording equipment, video mixers, lighting equipment, tv screen monitors, power cables, computers or laptops for the editing process and other equipment.
you can check the type of equipment used so that you at least know what quality of photos and videos will be produced later. apart from complete equipment, all of this also requires support from an operator or team of experts to be able to operate it properly and correctly.
7. come directly to the service office
the final way is to come directly to the photo and video service office whose services you want to use. that way, you can immediately see what kind of work they do and how they work.
you can also see what the working atmosphere is like in the office, such as whether it provides fast and appropriate responses to meet customer needs or not. several professional and experienced photo and video services will provide free consultation services to ensure clients get exactly what they need.
these are several ways to choose the best quality bali event documentation photo and video services to guarantee results as expected. hope it is useful.  read more 


 





reviews of indonesian web design services 
 richie cannataaugust 4, 2024december 30, 2024 



finding a web design service that is dedicated and highly committed to its work is not easy. in fact, responsive web design company indonesia are currently in great demand in an effort to develop a business and attract loyal clients and have harmonious relationships.
a website is one of the most effective ways that is widely used by business owners to provide as much information as possible regarding the products or services they provide. they want to provide everything in a unique, attractive, informative, and easily accessible way for their target audience. that way, not only do they get loyal clients, but they can also reach a wider target audience.
one of the leading web design service providers in indonesia is pleinhaus studio, which is experienced in this field and has been trusted by many parties. what are the reviews about the performance and credibility of pleinhaus studio indonesia? here is the review.
about pleinhaus studio
pleinhaus is a web design studio from indonesia and was founded in 2022. this studio provides many choices of design solutions and their uses. not only creating web designs, they also provide web development services and products that will increase brand awareness and ultimately have an impact on sales and total business profits.
services at pleinhaus studio

some of the services available at pleinhaus studio include:
1. web development
web development is a step taken to see how effectively a website attracts customers and how effectively this website provides the information needed by customers. therefore, the point is the simplicity and effectiveness of the website. in undergoing the web development process, several things are done:

industry competition research to find out how the competition is and also analyze the movements of business competitors.
information architecture to compile how information will be delivered.
visual design concept to organize how the visual appearance concept of the website is.
create ui/ux design according to the concept.
design audit to review whether there is anything that needs to be changed.
website maintenance to maintain the website so that it does not overload or crash when visited.
website development to maintain or even improve the quality of the website.

2. creating product design
an attractive product is not only a matter of quality, but also how it is presented. in general, the target market will pay close attention to the visual appearance; therefore, it is very necessary to create a product design so that when it is marketed on the website it will attract more customers to buy.
in addition, an attractive appearance also shows how high your dedication is in producing goods or services. seriousness will be seen if you pay attention to every detail in your product design. only with dedication, you will show your credibility, that’s why it’s important to get help from an experienced web design studio.
you can discuss the creation of design products with the responsive web design company indonesia, pleinhaus studio team, and find innovations that you never thought of before. you may already have a vision, mission or concept that will be used in your design product, but you may still find new ideas that are much more interesting from the pleinhaus team. you can discuss everything openly, even if this design change affects the price range.
on the other hand, you can also do research on your competitors, and communicate it with the team to at least find ideas on how to compete. in this way, you can do brand maintenance, create new concepts, develop applications, create design systems that adapt to trends, and analyze the features available on the website.
3. create graphic designs
not only product designs, graphic designs related to the selection of packaging colors and business logos are also very crucial. at pleinhaus studio, you will be assisted in creating a logo design or product packaging that is anti-mainstream but still relevant to current trends. this is what will make your brand interesting to look at and the center of attention.
some services that you can get related to graphic design creation are:

creating designs for 2d and 3d models.
creating logo or icon designs that are in accordance with the company or business vision and mission.
creating moving graphics that can be used to display the company’s logo or mascot. this can also be displayed on your company’s official website to make it look more attractive.

benefits of choosing pleinhaus studio
when you plan to create a design for your website, you need to make a good budget plan. with the pleinhaus team, you can find transparent quotations that will make it easier to calculate expenses. you can also have discussions with the team and negotiate prices so that you can get what you want without making excessive budget calculation errors.
pleinhaus studio portfolio
although it has only been established for about 3 years, pleinhaus studio already has many portfolios and has been trusted by several companies or businesses to create and develop their websites. it is not without reason that they are one of the most considered web design services in indonesia. this is because they have succeeded in showing the quality of their performance so that they have succeeded in locking the hearts of their clients.
that’s a review of responsive web design company indonesia that you can use as a reference to create an official website for your company and business. hopefully with this, you can develop your website and attract more customers, gain big profits, and become a competitive business.  read more 


 





optimizing software projects through database tools 
 richie cannatajuly 30, 2024december 31, 2024 



there are various technologies to help projects become efficient, scalability, and maintainability. by using database design tool online for software projects, it will improve the productivity of the team. it involves specialized software to design, manage, and optimize database projects.
in a world full of internet. it is easy to access applications to create design, visualize, and manage the data. database design tools online provide the best function for designing and moving data to security and ensuring everything performs without a problem. the tools are in various aspects such as :
database design and modeling

design and modeling offer an interface online to build database structures that become accessible to users. the features enhance user experience and efficiency in creating an intuitive online interface by designing a database. the drag-drop allows users to easily move and create the interface to visually combine the database.
customizability brings power to the feature-specific requirements of the design. whether choosing from the templates or creating custom templates, the feature has flexibility to suit the needs and preferences. it increases satisfaction and streamlines the design process by offering personalized options.
the database design process involves the structure of understanding and collaboration between stakeholders to have the visualization needs. by creating the visual, the developers can easily communicate the connection among the different data. it helps the database but also enables stakeholders to have a design concept without any difficulty.
moreover, the visual representation enables open discussions and feedback sessions. developers are open to any input and suggestions based on the stakeholder’s desire for database structure.
1. real-time collaboration
database design tool online allow multiple users to work simultaneously on database management. real-time collaboration improves the project through communication and teamwork and increases the project efficiency. the features facilitate the sharing of updates and feedback in database tools. the interaction process helps to reduce delays and ensure the team is working with updated information.
the real-time collaborations lead result of creativity, problem-solving, and decision-making among the team. they can collaborate to discuss database design options, resolve issues, and brainstorm ideas.
collaboration brings transparency and accountability to the team. team members can find the changes, monitor real-time updates, and progress through responsibility and ownership of the projects. the concept of transparency helps prevent misunderstandings by ensuring the project runs on the right track and makes a cohesive team.
involving real-time collaboration with the database tools can change the software project through communication effectively, teamwork, and transparency. it ensures team collaboration and gives the development processes by delivering successful software projects that suit the needs of stakeholders and users.
2. data management
data management is important for ensuring the quality of data, making decisions, and supporting operations in business. it refers to practices and processes used to maintain data. data management has an important role in enhancing software projects in database design tools online such as dynobird, for more details https://dynobird.com.
by maintaining data quality, software projects can get accurate and reliable data. database tools with data management capabilities can improve data quality by accomplishing validation rules, data cleansing processes, and error detection.
validation rules define the acceptable formats and range for data input into the database. it can prevent incorrect data, therefore data accuracy and integrity can be maintained.
data cleansing helps to identify and correct errors in data stored in the database. the processes in data cleansing can be automated such as removing duplicates and fixing any differences to have accurate and reliable data.
database tools can find error detection to find data quality issues. the mechanisms use smart algorithms to check problems in data and monitor data quality to detect errors.
3. performance optimization
improving software projects with performance optimization to have efficiency and speed in data storage. by using the techniques, it can benefit from improved performance and responsiveness.
using smart methods and organizing data is one way to have quick information. the database can respond faster and work efficiently when making queries.
important data can easily be found when creating indexes which makes searches faster and the system efficient. indexing helps the database to locate specific data quickly.
dividing data to multiple storage devices or servers can improve data access speeds. it optimizes performance in dealing with large volumes of data. by partitioning data, the workload is balanced which enhances the scalability and reduced jam.
implementing caching mechanisms in database tools has quick response by storing frequently accessed data in memory. it reduces the need to fetch data from the disk. by reducing storage space, the data transfer is enhanced quickly and optimized utilization.
4. security and backup
protecting and safeguarding data integrity through security and backup against potential threats is an important action while using database design tool online.
sensitive information should be encryption and access control to prevent unauthorized access. implement regular backups by creating copies of important data which can be restored in case of data corruption or loss.
the purpose of security protocols and reliable backup mechanisms is to maintain data confidentiality and reduce the mitigate risks.
this is essential for ensuring business continuity and building trust with users and stakeholders.  read more 


 





reviewing facts and bali’s top architecture 
 richie cannatafebruary 13, 2024october 12, 2024 



balinese architectural buildings are known for their uniqueness throughout the world. many architects are ultimately inspired by architectural buildings in bali. one of the recommended best architecture firms in bali is arkana architecture which has created many designs for famous buildings in bali.
currently, buildings in bali have followed technological developments. so in several new buildings in bali, the architectural design has been combined with modern design but still maintains traditional balinese elements.
reviewing facts about balinese architectural buildings
the uniqueness of balinese architecture that makes it famous throughout the world cannot be separated from the rich philosophy and culture that influences it. to get to know more about the uniqueness of balinese architecture, consider the following interesting facts.
balinese architecture is influenced by 7 philosophies
seven philosophies reflect balinese architecture, including:

tri hata karana: reflects the balance of the 3 elements of life, namely: atma (human), khaya (god), and angga (nature).
tri mandala: regulates the layout of the room.
sanga mandala: determining the location and position of balinese architecture.
tri angga: arrangement of spatial concepts that are closely related to other natural worlds.
tri loka: a building concept for balance between the three realms.
asta kosala kosali: a concept consisting of eight aspects, such as shape, size, location, arrangement, direction, material, ornament, and color.
arga segara: building arrangement based on cardinal directions.

using traditional measurement methods
traditional balinese architectural buildings were previously built using traditional measurement methods based on units of measurement for building occupants. the traditional units of measurement are:

aug: a knuckle,
alek: along the middle finger,
akacing: along the index finger,
fathom: the size of two hand spans from left to right,
hasta: an inch of distance from the middle wrist to the tip of the middle finger with an open palm,
musti: fist size, thumb facing up,

and there are still several other traditional balinese units of measurement.
space zoning using the sanga mandala concept
the space zoning arrangement for traditional balinese architecture uses the sanga mandala concept. the building will be divided into 3, including the main, middle, and lower buildings to determine the function of each room.
home yard arrangement regulations
one part that is mandatory in traditional balinese architecture is the yard, usually located in the middle of the building complex. the following are the rules and restrictions that you need to pay attention to:

karang kalebon amuk: water droplets from the roof of other people’s houses must not be entered.
karang kalingkuhan: not in the middle of other people’s yards or houses.
karang negen: must not be right next to a highway.
ngeluanin pura: not adjacent to the eastern or northern part of the temple, unless there is land separating it.
numbak rurung: not located in the “skewer” position.

of all the recommended best architecture firms in bali, arkana architecture is one of the firms capable of creating balinese architecture buildings by paying attention to the things above. they can also add modern or other cultural elements without destroying the philosophy and rules of traditional balinese architecture.
reviewing the masterpieces of balinese architectural buildings
most of the buildings in bali are miracles in terms of their distinctive design. some of the following balinese architectural buildings are impressive masterpieces, from ancient to contemporary places.
tanah lot
tanah lot is a tourist spot that can provide the beauty of balinese architecture found in hindu temples on the beach. you can see from the shape of the roof and the entire temple building that it is very enchanting as the embodiment of a masterpiece of traditional balinese architecture.
ulun danu beratan temple
ulun danu beratan is a temple located on lake beratan in the bedugul area with stunning natural views. this temple exhibits balinese architecture with original essence and is located right in the center of bali. from this temple, you can see the temples of brahma, shiva, vishu, and loh batu artifacts.
gunung kawi temple
gunung kawi temple is an embodiment of the beauty of balinese architecture as well as an archaeological site full of history. there are ancient temple carvings on rocky cliffs that are fed by well-planned water channels.
natural elements were also used in the construction of this temple, as applied to other balinese architecture. you can see the embodiment of this natural element on the temple terrace which is filled with extensive green plants.
lempuyang temple
it is one of the oldest temples located in east bali. lempuyang temple is believed to have been built in bali before other hindu holy places. this unique balinese architecture has 1700 steps with unique carvings and carvings. the view at the top of the stairs is amazing, you will see a panoramic view of east bali filled with cool green forest views.
oberoi villa
oberoi villa is located in ubud bali. this villa building adopts natural elements with “living in nature”. the architect who designed this building is arkana architecture, one of the recommended best architecture firms in bali. even though it is a modern building, the oberoi villa was built with natural materials such as those used for traditional balinese architectural buildings, namely bricks and wood.
every aspect of architecture in bali has great respect for its cultural heritage. however, currently balinese architecture is flexible in accepting integration with modern elements. if you are interested in having a building that combines balinese architecture and modern design, arkana architecture is one of the recommended best architecture firms in bali!  read more 


 





the emergence of top independent dispatch services 
 richie cannatajanuary 5, 2024january 29, 2025 



this time we will discuss independent dispatch services which are currently on the rise and are much sought after by large companies. in this review, we will also discuss several things that will help you stay competitive with competitors and get loyal clients.
everyone involved in the logistics business and delivery industry knows very well the level of competition that exists among truck dispatch service providers.
the implementation of an independent dispatch system is currently being carried out as a step to increase the competitiveness of truck dispatchers. it is believed that using this service will help businesses and industries in many aspects, some of which are increasing efficiency, improving customer service, and of course, providing more profits for these business people.
you need to continue reading this article so you can get information and learn about how independent dispatch services can provide many benefits for your transportation business.
get to know independent delivery services
independent delivery services are known as third parties that provide services to trucking owners. they are representatives of their clients to monitor the status and position of goods remotely.
the following are some of the services offered by independent delivery, namely:
detailed load planning
the independent dispatcher will provide detailed information regarding the loading plan, such as how much the load will be when it will be loaded, when the goods will be delivered, and when the goods will arrive at their destination. they will also confirm that all the cargo to be sent is by the order.
optimization of the fastest and safest route selection
find the fastest and safest route because speed and punctuality are very important for business. they will search for routes using modern applications in their service area.
tracking the position of the load
as stated previously, they will monitor the position of the cargo. they will install gps on the fleet so they know the exact position. later this information will be distributed to the destination client.
provide service to customers
serve customer complaints well and patiently. explain the problem and if necessary convince the client that the problem can be resolved. answer client requests when there are additional or special requests that the client wants and convey them to the team properly so that there are no mistakes.
benefits of independent delivery services
the following are some of the advantages of using an independent delivery service, including:
1. provides efficiency
independent delivery uses the latest technology and applications to provide effective and efficient service. by utilizing advanced technology, it can help find the fastest route, monitor the position of goods, and do many other important things.
the services they offer will allow you to focus more on the business you are running and start entrusting logistics delivery problems to trusted services.
2. improve customer service
the most important thing in truck service is good customer service. independent delivery services will help improve customer service by providing updates and timely delivery. speed of response will make clients feel that you value their time and appreciate those who need services.
communicate well to find solutions to problems quickly and accurately. when you can provide the best customer service, you can increase customer loyalty to your service. they will also not hesitate to recommend your independent services to others and increase your dispatch business.
3. bigger profits
this independent dispatch services will provide you with the best, safest, and fastest delivery route which will increase profits. you can save fuel and can also load more in one day. when a service can send many shipments quickly, the faster the fleet will be available for the next delivery. therefore, you will be able to send more and get bigger profits.
they will negotiate prices with third parties which can give you more profits. reducing costs incurred and maximizing incoming costs means you can get bigger profits and will make your service last longer.
4. access to experts in the field
independent delivery services also have teams that have been in this field for a long time and have expertise that can solve many delivery-related problems.
you can find a lot of additional knowledge and insight that will be very beneficial for you. you will know which method has the least risk and which will provide the most benefits. you can find out how to find routes and carry out safe transportation and this will increase client confidence and of course, make your services grow. if you can maintain quality, then you can survive for a long time in this field.
5. scalability level
you can increase scalability without huge costs thanks to this self-service. you will be assisted in completing administrative tasks such as generating tax invoices, billing invoices, and so on so that you can save more time and costs for resources. tasks that can be completed through outsourcing will enable you to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of operational continuity.
closing
independent shipping provides many benefits to trucking service owners with a small fleet. as in the review above, you can further improve service quality, profits, access to experts, and scalability.
you can achieve long-term success because you always make a profit and can develop your services so that the quality of your service is still taken into account and trusted by customers. you can immediately use the independent dispatch services service so that you can get lots of benefits right now. hope it is useful.  read more 


 
 

posts navigation
1
2
…
4
next





richie cannata newsletter
subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox.










						i consent to my submitted data being collected via this form*					










thank you for subscribing.
something went wrong.

we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously




recent posts

tips for choosing indonesia furniture manufacturer exporter
unique wedding gift recommendations in the philippines
the best music genres for relaxation
find the best sukabumi stone factory here!
reasons why crumbl cookies are so popular
reviews of indonesian web design services


categories

apps & software

best

business

gaming

reviews


richie cannata 
welcome to my website! i hope that i am able to provide many benefits. my website provides various information about applications and software, for those of you who are interested in the world of technology. business information, for you who are starting a business. even games and reviews. greetings to all of you from me, richie cannata!

 

 
 






                    copyright all rights reserved                                    



search for:



  
 
 


















