


tennessee fitness spa | fitness camp & weight loss retreat






































 
after 33 years, tennessee fitness spa has closed its doors and will be reopening under new ownership on thursday, november 7th, 2024 as the bridges. for more information about the transition or to visit the new website, please use the links provided below. thank you for 33 memorable years!
announcing the bridges                                           the bridges website
home
about

about us
guest reviews
latest news
recipes
block of fame
resources


your visit

what to bring
photos of our retreat
videos
activities & amenities
property map
directions
guest evaluation


our program

our fitness program
inbody assessment
fitness activities
nutrition
fitness instructors
frequently asked questions


reservations

rates
upcoming events & specials
current / past events & specials
enrollment forms


contact

tennessee fitness spalike a summer camp for adults that is built around transforming your life.about ustennessee fitness spawant to see what's waiting for you? check out photos of our fitness retreat.photo galleryvisit our award-winning fitness camp and weight loss retreatwelcome to tennessee fitness, a week-long, all-inclusive fitness camp and weight loss retreat that provides healthy meals, clean and comfortable lodging, and a full schedule of workout classes 5 1/2 days a week.our fitness programoffering a week-long, intensive fitness program that includes healthy meals and clean lodging, our program will help you transform your life.
learn moreyour visitsituated in the serene, rustic foothills of middle tennessee, our spa provides you with the tools you need to make positive changes to your life.
learn moreupcoming sessionstennessee fitness spa is always looking to offer engaging events that spark the interest of our guests and help them commit to our program.
learn morebook your reservation and view rates here.
view ratesproudly serving guests since 1991, tennessee fitness spa offers a fully equipped gym, heated swimming pool, fitness class room, cycling room, racquetball court, sauna, hot tub, sun deck, dining room, massage rooms, tv lounges, and accommodations for up to 50 guests. we are a full-service fitness and weight loss retreat that is surprisingly affordable and proven to be effective.
people travel from all over the world to spend a week, a month, or longer at our fitness retreat. people come to get in better shape, to get a jump start towards a weight loss goal, relax by the pool, fish in the stream, detox, stop smoking, and gather with family and friends. most of all, people visit us to shed weight, be it physical, mental, emotional, or spiritual.
boasting a beautiful property at the historic and picturesque natural bridge, affordable rates, and southern hospitality, our health spa has something for everyone. we have a wide array of fitness activities, pet-free and pet-friendly housing options, life-changing educational workshops, healthy meal plans, and optional pampering services, such as massages and body scrubs. you are sure to be rejuvenated and prepared to implement lifelong changes when it’s time to return home. join us for a fun fitness vacation at our rustic spa, nestled in the beautiful foothills of tennessee.
fitness activitiesif you’re looking to explore a range of options when it comes to improving your physical fitness, tennessee fitness spa has you covered. offering an unparalleled number of activities, you’re certain to find something that captures – and holds – your interest. best of all, our team will work with you to organize your favorite activities into a program that you can take home with you.
walkingour grounds are networked with a number of popular hiking trails, allowing you to venture out into nature for fun, healthy hikes.
water aerobicswith a heated, indoor swimming pool that measures 30’ by 60’, you can participate in classes or take a dip when they’re not in session.
cardioour 2,400-square-foot gym is outfitted with kettlebells, free weights, yoga mats, bosu balls, pilates balls, and more.
meditation & yogawith an on-staff guide to walk you through guided meditation and yoga, we offer ways to relax your mind and body.
strength traininginside our 2,600-square-foot weight room, you’ll find pacific weightlifting equipment, plus treadmills, rowers, cycles, and more.
massage therapywe have licensed massage therapists on site who can provide an array of relaxing treatments.
learn about our nutrition programled by belinda jones, a certified fitness nutrition coach, nutritional weight loss consultant, and holistic heath coach, our nutrition program serves three nutritionally packed meals each day, as well as a range of healthy snacks to keep you fueled and recharged. we can also work with you to accommodate any of your allergies and/or diet restrictions.
learn more
it’s mostly thanks to you guys at the tennessee fitness spa and belinda jones in your kitchen!!! even though i’ve been down there a few times in years past, the new things i learned during my week in march 2018 changed my life forever from that point on.  it was how i managed to lose the weight so easily and most importantly, keep it off!
it cracked me up when a doctor assumed i had done gastric bypass surgery after weighing me and was shocked that i had done it by myself, no expensive diet, no special surgery. just good decisions and hard work. then, deciding to spend a week at the tn fitness spa after i had lost the first 10-15 lbs, kept me on the path. after doing their inbody assessment, and seeing just how much visceral fat there was around my organs, and elsewhere, it was all i needed!  i can’t wait to come back and do an updated one.  i may have lost enough to get me a block in your block of fame pathway!
kerry s.


went to this fitness retreat and was feeling the effects from covid, isolation, weight gain, depression, etc. the incredible staff made such a difference. the nicest group of people. losing weight was wonderful but the comradery made me feel like i wasn’t in this alone, and we could come through together. on a side note, there was disinfectant everywhere and superior regard for covid safety. i haven’t been in a place which has been so conscientious about the disinfectant measures. family owned and operated, i believe that is the real difference–they monitor with their hearts. highly recommend this phenomenal group and relaxing setting.




christineafter a very hectic summer, i decided to come here to get away from it all, refuel and regroup. what a great decision that was. the “spa” is rustic, remote, and absolutely wonderful. all of the staff here are nice, knowledgeable, and engaged in making sure each guest is getting from their stay what they came for. in reality, the clientele speaks for itself. of the 35 or so guests on site this week, there are only maybe 3 who are first-time guests. after being here, i understand why. i’m already looking forward to my next visit. the food is protein-rich, balanced, and delicious. the grounds and surrounding area are absolutely gorgeous so the daily walks are something to really look forward to and enjoy each morning. there is no judgment, only encouragement. it is not a glitz and frills spa… it is so much more than that. the simplicity and casual atmosphere is refreshing. my room was basic and comfortable with a lovely porch equipped with a swing and rocking chair. i couldn’t ask for anything more and this has been and is just what i was looking for.
absolutely wonderful
	let us help you find what you're looking for...


search for:




299 natural bridge park road
waynesboro, tn 38485
contact us
aboutabout usguest reviewslatest newsrecipesblock of fameresourcesyour visitwhat to bringphotos of our retreatvideosactivities & amenitiesproperty mapdirectionsguest evaluationour programour fitness programinbody assessmentfitness activitiesnutritionfitness instructorsfrequently asked questions©2025 tennessee fitness spa all rights reserved.web design by blue fire mediasitemap | login





