




































    realtor | yonkers, ny | 914-423-6400
  















               


     home



  home search



  new listings


   yonkers (address coming soon)



  1224 mace avenue, bronx, ny 10469



  41 cowles ave yonkers ny 10704



  22 emerson, yonkers, ny 10704



  1430 thieriot ave bronx ny 10460



  park hill, yonkers



  31 lefferts road, yonkers ny 10705. parkhill



  775- 777 yonkers ave, yonkers, ny 10704



  22 herald street yonkers, ny 10704





  faqs



  contact us






   

call us








    
 





        find a home with 

a realtor you can rely on



    contact us 
today
 
 start your house buying journey with us
 just starting out on buying a new home can be an intimidating process.  we can help, all you have to do is reach out as soon as possible   

read more


 



    looking for your forever home?

  find the perfect property with realtor
aidan ruane!
 fill in the form below, and a member of our team will contact you soon.  
   interested in
 
selling
buying


 location

 property type
 
apartment
house
house with pool
commercial property
other


 price range

 name

 email

 phone

 additional info






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




   



   

  passionate about what we do
 we have the expertise and experience in the industry to help you receive the best possible service. our ability to succeed is due to our strong work ethic, which sets us apart from our competitors. allow our years of experience to work for
you!
   

get started




   



    ruane realty inc. is a
full service realtor




   


  make the
buying process easier
 you need the pros on your side in a buyer's market like this. we are committed to aiding you in finding your dream home. we provide options that fit your budget and have everything you need, allowing you to choose where you want to set up shop without losing too much of your own time. we know how to persuade vendors to accept your offer.
  

contact us




   



    making
selling a breeze
 when it comes time to move, you'll need someone to market your home, show it to potential buyers, negotiate the purchase contract, arrange financing, oversee inspections, handle all necessary paperwork, and supervise the closing. our team will handle everything from start to finish, ensuring that your home sells quickly, professionally, and for the highest possible price.
  

call us now





  


   

  investing in your future
 real estate has long been seen as a sound investment, but the competition for the greatest properties is severe. work with neptune's real estate experts to identify the ideal properties for your portfolio while allowing you to act swiftly when the right opportunity arises.
  

contact us




   



   

 
 aidan ruane
  owner | realtor
 ruane realty inc. assists individuals in locating their ideal home in our community. our goal when we launched the company over a decade ago was to create a different kind of real estate agency, one that emphasized service, approachability, and a deep understanding of our customers' needs and goals.along the way, we've accumulated a lot of knowledge that we'll put to work for you! we are well-versed on the history of our neighborhood and the individuals that live here. ruane realty inc. recognizes that buying or selling a home can be a life-changing event. that's why we go to great lengths to ensure that the experience is enjoyable, rewarding, and stress-free. we're looking forward to meeting you!   

contact us




   
 why people believe in us



     


“such a pleasure working with aidan ruane! will recommend to anyone looking for a house to buy or even apartments to rent he was great. he was very responsive, and was lovely to work with!” 
   


“aidan was knowledgeable professional. he was amazing to work with. he brought several buyers to choose from. he helped explain the process in advance. he worked tirelessly and is honest. he helped with the clean out process and donating of furniture. he answered the phone at a moments notice. he went the extra distance to sell my house. i couldn't have done it without him. it was truly a wonderful experience.”
   


“aidan is a helpful, responsible, supportive realtor. he worked tirelessly to help sell our parents house. he always had more people who were interested buyers. aidan was able to get us an accepted offer in five weeks. with over twenty years experience, aidan was able to guide us in the right direction and help us prepare for things to come throughout the process. i would highly recommend aidan ruane as a real estate professional.”
   


“helped me sell my home quickly for top dollar.  honest prompt service. aidan is great to deal with. there is no agent that i ever met that has the knowledge or expenses in every aspect of selling a home .”


    frequently asked questions

 
     why choose ruane realty inc.?

   




  ruane realty inc. is the most reputable 
real estate agency in yonkers, new york! our objective 
is to make it as easy as possible for you to buy or sell a house 
with the help of the most dependable 
realtors on our team!we have the knowledge and experience in the business to assist you get the finest service possible. our success is based on our work ethic, which distinguishes us from our competition. to effectively acquire or sell their property of choice, our clients will work closely with one of our agents, aidan ruane.we have the contacts to help you find the perfect house and area for you and your family. our realtors are extremely knowledgeable about all of the nearby communities, lifestyle options, and market trends in your area.we are dedicated to assisting you with your real estate needs, whether you are buying or selling. we will work with each customer throughout the whole home search and negotiation process in order to find the ideal home for their needs.you will be delighted you chose us as your real estate agent! our commitment to our clients is why our method is so much simpler than that of other realtors. from the time you start looking for a home to the time you close the deal, we'll make sure your demands are satisfied.you'll be connected directly to one of our pleasant realtors when you contact, so you can expect prompt attention to your inquiry.



   why should i use a realtor for buying or selling a home?

   




  a realtor is essential when it comes to buying or selling a home. a realtor is your partner throughout the process. the realtor finds you suitable houses or sells your home for the greatest potential price. they provide expert advice and guidance to help you comprehend each stage of the real estate process and the options available to you at each level. a realtor will also represent you during the bargaining process to guarantee you get the best possible deal. a realtor also has access to up-to-date and accurate property data. because the real estate market is constantly changing, some of the information or listings you find may be outdated or inaccurate. the best way to get the most up-to-date information is to work with a realtor.



   tips for preparing your house for the market?

   




  a realtor is essential when it comes to buying or selling a home. a realtor is your partner throughout the process. the realtor finds you suitable houses or sells your home for the greatest potential price. they provide expert advice and guidance to help you comprehend each stage of the real estate process and the options available to you at each level. a realtor will also represent you during the bargaining process to guarantee you get the best possible deal. a realtor also has access to up-to-date and accurate property data. because the real estate market is constantly changing, some of the information or listings you find may be outdated or inaccurate. the best way to get the most up-to-date information is to work with a realtor.keep your décor as minimal as possible. remove any paintings or other décor that can turn off purchasers with varied interests to let them visualize themselves in your home.storage space is a major selling element, and if your closets are overflowing, buyers will assume you don't have enough. invest in some boxes, dividers, as well as other solutions to help you arrange your belongings, and remove extra items you don’t need immediately (you can stow them away until you move).



   what happens if a seller rejects my offer?

   




  so you've found your dream home and placed an offer, but the seller has rejected your offer, and you're now out of luck. our team, fortunately, is here to help and advise you. the first thing we propose is that you look over your offer one more. is your offer laden with terms and conditions, or is it significantly less than the asking price? don't worry if your offer doesn't meet any of the above criteria; everything in real estate is negotiable. in order to generate a new offer, we will work directly with you to examine and restructure your rejected offer. unfortunately, selling can be unpredictable, and even the best offer might be rejected. if you've been turned down, don't take it personally.  our real estate team will work with you to find a better property. our top priority is our clients, and our ultimate goal is to assist you in finding and purchasing the home of your dreams.








    want to buy or sell property?

 give us a call!
 914-423-6400






   

let's get started!


       


  contact us
 phone:
914-423-6400email:
ruaneaidan@yahoo.comaddress:
761 yonkers avenue, yonkers, ny 10704
    





  




     © 2025 
all rights reserved | ruane realty inc.


 realtor






















































































































  
  share by:








