








benefits of structural integration | marion s. stone, rn | asheville nc




























































home
structural integration

what is structural integration?
the ten session process
what is connective tissue?
about the founder dr. ida p. rolf
quotes from dr. rolf


meet marion
work with me
faq
contact





menu



 






imagine how it feels to have a fluid, light, balanced body – free of stiffness and chronic pain, at ease with itself and the earth’s gravitational field.these are the goals of structural integration.


what is structural integration?


structural integration, commonly known by the nickname “rolfing” after the founder dr. ida p. rolf,  is a unique  form of work that assists the human body in moving to a place of better balance, better organization, and greater overall freedom and wholeness.


work with me


intro appointment
begin with an introductory appointment to see if your body responds well to structural integration
10 series process
the 10 series process includes 10 sessions where each session has a specific goal and focuses on a certain part of the body.
post ten/advanced work
some clients like to return for general maintenance, continued exploration, and further refinement of alignment.
get started

benefits of structural integration


often people feel lighter and more energetic.
improved breathing capacity and better posture.
some people will grow taller as rotations and tensional patterns in the body begin to unwind.
people often appear slimmer and feel more balanced.
chronic aches and pains are reduced and often alleviated, and movement feels more fluid and flexible.


as we begin to view the world from a more stable and balanced structure, we gain self confidence and the environment appears less threatening.
as our body becomes more flexible and open, so does our mind – we approach life from a less rigid standpoint.
chronic stress is reduced as we guide the body to release stress from the web of fascia that creates and invests the form we live in.




about marion
inspired by the life changing results of structural integration, marion s. stone became a practitioner in 1996. since then she has continued to learn, grow and facilitate well being through her private practice; as a registered nurse; and as an anatomy, physiology, pathology and kinesiology teacher to aspiring massage therapists and yoga instructors.

read more about marion

“this is the gospel of rolfing: when the body gets working appropriately, the force of gravity can flow through. then, spontaneously, the body heals itself.”
– ida p. rolf, ph.d.
get started
   

 

contact   828-712-6694
   marionstone40@gmail.com

certifications 
registered nurse
nc licensed massage and bodywork therapist : license no. #708
certified advanced practitioner of structural integration








© structural integration   |  website by integritive web design :: asheville, nc
















scroll to top



