















home - read matthews international





































































































































what we do

skills academy calendar
communication skills
leadership development
personal development
executive coaching
team building & coaching
coaching with horses
talent development programmes
rmi xtra blended learning


our clients
about us
blog in form
contact
search




menu


menu

linkedin 







taking you to the next level
communication training, leadership development
and executive coaching
in english and spanish


read matthews international helps companies and professionals worldwide to elevate performance through our communication training, leadership development and executive coaching in english and spanish.
using our “learn by doing” approach, we will equip you with the business skills you need to succeed.


welcome to rmi skills academy! your one-stop hub for flexible skills training in english and spanish!check out our 2025 open calendar!

in-company training we offer companies a wide portfolio of communication and leadership programmes in english, spanish and other languages, all designed to elevate the performance of their teams. we deliver enjoyable and practical learning experiences that boost effectiveness, engagement and success in the workplace.

rmi skills academy just 2 hours long, our open programmes are aimed at professionals who want to achieve fast, tangible results in a specific competency. short, sharp and packed with value content, our skills academy sessions are delivered live on-line in english and spanish to offer you maximum flexibility.

executive coachingindividual coaching enables clients to maximise their performance and reach specific goals via changes in behaviour and mindset. we also offer team coaching that employs frontline methodologies to create positive, engaged and high-performing teams. all our coaching services are available in english, spanish and other languages.

talent development our talent development programmes combine assessment, focused training and/or executive coaching to accelerate personal and professional growth. these customised programmes are especially beneficial for those preparing to take on leadership roles.

rmi xtra blended learningtransform your company programmes into blended learning offerings with our new rmi xtra platform. versatile, engaging and flexible, rmi xtra can be easily customized to adapt to your organization´s learning needs.



rmi spotlight – l&d news & views

read matthews international in the press

featured projects


selected clients

rmi spotlightthe rmi spotlight newsletter is full of insider tips to help you boost your leadership and communication skills. sign up now and every quarter we’ll deliver it hot off the press and straight into your inbox.

email address * 

world class skills training & executive coaching in english and spanish

 
  


© read matthews international | web design: gecko and seneca-communications 
linkedinprivacy policy
terms & conditions
politica de cookies







   













































scroll to top



