







seca medical scales






















we sell, repair, calibrate & rent scales
call us today! (919) 776-7737

 

services

scale repair
service agreement
emergency service
calibration
scale rental
load testing


industries

agriculture & farming
food & beverage
pharmaceutical
public sector & military
waste & recycling
other industries


brands

b-tek
doran scales
intercomp
health o meter scale
mettler toledo
ohaus
pennsylvania scale
sensortronics
view all


scale types

commercial scales
industrial scales
portable scales


about us

contact us
location
about us
why choose ccs?
testimonials


blog
request a quote










home>seca medical scales seca medical scales seca builds medical scales. seca is known for providing an outstanding line of measuring and weighing instruments exclusively to the medical industry. for over 160 years, seca has provided weighing solutions for the healthcare professional. if you've been to a doctors office anytime in the past few years, you've probably seen the seca 700 physician scale with height rod. the result is that seca is a market leader in the world today, and now the fastest growing medical scale company in america as well.   



seca directprint 284 scale systemat the press of a key, the seca directprint 284 measuring station transmits height and weight measurements to your existing printer. the patient receives a personalized printout outlining their nutritional condition based on their bmi. the printout provides valuable insight and practical tips on nutrition, maintaining a healthy lifestyle. empower patients to discuss their weight and motivate them.  





seca 656 stretcher gurney scalethe particularly large platform of the seca 656 makes it possible to weigh patients not only in wheelchairs but also on all common roll-in systems or stretchers with integrated and separate under carriages. thanks to its extremely robust construction and very high capacity of 800 lbs it is possible to weigh even heavy weight patients with little effort.
 





seca 700 mechanical physician scale patients will benefit from the seca 700. more precision with a higher capacity of up to 500 lbs. available in various versions: kilograms, pounds and kilograms / pounds and optional measuring rod seca 220 with a range from 24 to 78 inch for time saving weighing and measuring in one step. equipped with castors for mobile use. 





seca seca xline stretch stretcher scalexxl dimensions to accommodate hospital beds, stretchers and gurneys with ease. capacity of 2200 lbs. weigh patients quickly and safely during emergency admissions or dialysis. eliminate the need for estimating the weight of bedridden patients, weigh them comfortable and precise. extra low profile ensures a smooth and safe transition for pushing beds and stretchers onto the platform. 





seca xline base wheelchair scalexline base features xxl dimensions and capacity to accommodate bariatric wheelchairs. built to withstand the highest loads with a capacity of 1100 lbs. extra low profile ensures a smooth and safe transition for wheelchair access onto the platform. emr-validated, enabling seamless data transmission directly to an electronic medical record (emr) system or to a printer
 





seca 222 mechanical telescopic measuring rodseca 222 mechanical telescopic measuring rod with large measuring range designed specifically for wall mounting, this measuring rod is aligned to work exactly to the millimeter from head to toe. its broad measuring slide and heel positioner are professional prerequisites. the telescopic measuring rod ensures that the result can be easily read at eye level even for the tallest patient.   





seca 777 medical digital column scale with eye-level displaythe seca 777 digital column scale with eye-level display is the medical-grade solution for measuring and weighing. it features a tilt-proof full metal platform and robust single peace column, that won’t give way when pushing the keypad. all patients (especially ones affected by obesity) will feel secure on the platform even when stepping on the edge of the base.  550 x 0.2 lbs 





seca mbca 554 body composition scalethe seca mbca 554 is the bia solution for the exceptionally accurate and user-friendly determination of body composition. its unique validation against whole-body mri (skeletal muscle mass) and 4c model (fat mass) ensures reliable and medically relevant results. cap: 800 x 0.1 lb 





seca 374 digital baby scaleergonomic, convenient and time-saving: these are the key words that define the seca 374 digital baby scale. its extra large tray lets you weigh a seated toddler of up to 44 lbs, even if the child is fidgety.  





seca 354 childrens digital scaletwo scales for the price of one with the seca 354. this baby scale has a comfortable weighing tray and a fine graduation of 0.5 oz. in no time at all, it can be converted into a floor scale for children with a capacity of 44 lbs.  





seca 703 digital medical scalefrom weighing small children to obese patients, the seca 703 medical scale can do handle it with ease. especially when it comes to finding out bmi and height. 703 advantages include a high load bearing capacity of up to 660 lbs, slip resistant cast iron base and anti-tip column design.  also available in 703 s version with height rod. 





seca 644 digital handrail scaleseca 644 digital multifunctional handrail scale with wireless transmission is equipped with an extremely low-level, easy-access platform, a stable handrail, and high weight-bearing capacity, this multifunctional scale ensures safe and comfortable weighing of heavy patients. the integrated handrail provides the patient with support throughout the weighing process. capacity: 800 lb 





seca 676 digital wheelchair scaleseca 676 digital wheelchair scale with handrail and wireless transmission. stable, functional and mobile: thanks to its large platform and sturdy handrail, the seca 676 is extremely versatile. patients can be weighed while sitting in a wheelchair or on a chair. capacity: 800 lb. 





seca 984 digital bed & dialysis scale with equipment trolleyalways in use: the seca 984 digital bed scale facilitates the easy, gentle and precise weighing of bedridden patients and is an indispensable aid in dialysis and intensive care. with the integrated lifts, four load cells can be placed easily and effortlessly under the castors of the bed. capacity: 1100 lb. 





seca 769 digital column scale with bmithe seca 769 is ideal for daily use in hospitals and doctors offices complete with height rod. the bmi function permits a reliable evaluation of the nutritional condition of the patient. with the slip resistant base and anti-tip column design, patients can be safely measured and weighed. with its transport castors, the column scale is also easy to transport. cap: 450 x 0.2 lbs 





seca 634 digital bariatric scaleobesity is the fastest growing health problem in the world. the seca 634 battery-operated digital scale has been especially developed for weighing obese patients, with a weighing range of up to 800 lbs and a non-slip 22 x 22 inch platform.  the 0.1 lbs graduation means that the smallest changes in weight are registered.  



what makes seca medical scales the top choice for many hospitals?
it is often the little things in life that are of great importance. in everyday medical practice sometimes a single gram can make all the difference in terms of our health. with seca, you have a partner at your side supplying you with the basis for your work at the highest level: with ultra-precise, timeless modern scales and measuring systems. since 1840 seca has been paving the way for measuring and weighing, becoming the worldwide market leader in the field. that trust encourages them to continue with the same level of commitment every day.
looking ahead together. from product development to on-site application, regular communication with you is an important indicator for improvements. your wishes and experiences with the products provide the factory valuable reference points for groundbreaking system solutions so that your patients and clients feel as certain as possible that they are well provided for. we also simplify your work responsibilities by supporting you during diagnosis for faster health assessment. using new technologies with new advantages.
high-quality yet down to earth. each result is only as good as the individual steps it took to get there. that is why top quality is the highest priority in all stages of production. 
our premium scales and length measuring devices are available exclusively from your authorized seca dealer, central carolina scale. ccs is intensively trained in order to be able to give you the best answer to any question so that your mind is clear to focus on the well being of your patients.  

call/text: (919) 776-7737email:info@ccscale.com 
our services
sales
service / repair
calibration
rentals


our products
baggage scales
balances
bench scales
checkweighers
counting scales
crane scales
digital weight indicators
fishing tournament scales
floor scales
force measurement
fork lift scales
hanging scales
intrinsically safe weighing
laundry scales
livestock scales
load cells
medical scales
pallet jack scales
point of sale
price computing scales
printers & accessories
remote displays
scale hardware
scale software
shipping scales
test weights
truck scales
vehicle scales
veterinary scales
wrestling scales


our industries
asphalt & concrete
hemp, tobacco, cannabis
mining & aggregates
process control
transport & logistics
more...


our manufacturers
avery weigh-tronix
cardinal scale mfg.
rice lake weighing
more....



policies
frequently asked questions
company policies
privacy policy
product overview


popular items
used scales
specials
misc items
made in usa scales


helpful information
location
weight conversion calculator
employment
nsf certified scales


features
custom equipment
best sellers
ntep legal trade scales
battery powered scales







 copyright 2025 all rights reserved. central carolina scale, 
  inc. 5393 farrell road sanford, nc 27330  















