






about














































































aboutabout taond - try for freeask oliviahow it all workstrain like a geniusearn like a bossjoin our newsletterget startedask oliviafaqs pagetrain like a geniusshop like a rock starearn like a bossjoin our newsletteris online training right for youis online training for you?ask olivialook who loves us!train like a genuis join our newslettershop like a rock startrain like a genuisearn like a bosslms logintaond international lms - new orders!taond original lmsjoin our newslettercontact uscontact usask oliviaterms & conditionsprivacy policyjoin our newsletter















revolutionizingan industrysince its inception over 24+ years ago when taond launched the world's first and most comprehensive online nail training program, the incredible and innovative taond team continues to set the bar by which all others follow.and now we've done it again with the annoucement and launch of our brand new taond monthly membership programs - and olivia our brand new a.i. personal nail tutor!again we're taking online nail training to a whole new and affordable level for everyone!learn all about it olivia and personalized membershipsat taond we have strict ruleslearn hardlaugh hardplay hardlove hardintroducing the taond monthly memberships!why choose a taond experience?choose which courses will be perfect for youfrom our amazing full nail courses for beginners to our advanced master classes to even our mastering social media programs - get it all and more with  taond!!why choose a taond membership?you take controlwith our taond memberships you are in control of what you would like to learn.  access all your courses, but then choose your educational path.why choose a taond membership?graduate on your termsyou'll have access to all your taond courses for a full 2 years.  you set your studying schedule and your graduation deadline.why choose taond?the best customer servicewith your purchase of your taond membership or pay in one program you'll never feel alone in your journey.  you'll have access to the best support team around.why choose the taond experienceshop 'til you dropwe have crafted a very special let's go shopping brochure for all our taond students.  this unique brochure has over 200 shopping opportunities.why choose the taond experiencecome have fun with uswhen you join the taond platform it's not all work!  come and have fun with us by sharing your stories and work with our other taonders!getting started with taond is super easy!6 simple steps to your new career01step 1is taond right for you?  chat with olivia on our faq page.  she can answer all your taond program related questions02step 2if taond is perfect for you then purchase your taond program or membership to get started right away!03step 3access your program immediately04step 4shop like it's your job 05step 5choose your certificate path with our go pro06step 6graduate and begin your new career!let's get you startedthe taond benefitamazing feedback on your workshop at over 200 companieschoose your certificate pathnailsmake upeye lashesestheticssocial mediaeveryone loves taond!  come see why!julie keebletaond gradif you love nails, want to start or develop a career in nails then taond has everything you need. it is an amazing resource in the nail industry and i am so thankful to have found them. again, thank you so much for all your encouragement, support and for your wonderful program! posted by: julie keeble australia melinda patofftaond grad"first i would like to thank taond for creating such a detail oriented course, that is easily available. the staff are super helpful and very positive.  having now completed the acrylic mini course i am more confident in my skills and look forward to my future in the nail industry. keep up the good work."tanya dangltaond gradthank you again from the bottom of my heart for helping me accomplish my dream of becoming a nail technician. anyone who is interested in taking an online nail course should take this one as i have every confidence they will love it, and succeed. thanks again :)jodanna nordgrentaond gradi waited many years to finally start as a nail professional and i feel i have the tools i need thanks to taond to do what i have wanted successfully now! i would recommend anyone looking into a career in the nail industry to look at taond as the perfect fit for any schedule and as well being very very helpful and well rounded going into the industry. thanks so much!!jolandi dupreeztaond grad“the taond program was the perfect fit for me. it gave me a solid educational foundation that was customizable and flexible. perfect for fitting into my (crazy)schedule! i am excited to be part of such a creative profession and thrilled and excited about what the future holds” thanksjillian smithtaond gradwith much gratitude i am proud to say that i hung my academy of nail design certificate on the wall of my established nail studio today. having worked at my own pace while starting my business, working a full time job, raising a small son, and starting additional studies at a local college; it was close to two years in effort, but i can say it was well worth it! 
















fab fa-facebookfab fa-instagramuseful links
about us
getting started
contact us
faqs
contact info1 (844) 998-2663info@taond.comowen sound, on, canadajoin our taond newsletterbecome a taonder and be the first 'in the know' about specials, events and more!subscribe today!copyright taond 2022. all rights reserved.


 













 











aboutabout taond - try for freeask oliviahow it all workstrain like a geniusearn like a bossjoin our newsletterget startedask oliviafaqs pagetrain like a geniusshop like a rock starearn like a bossjoin our newsletteris online training right for youis online training for you?ask olivialook who loves us!train like a genuis join our newslettershop like a rock startrain like a genuisearn like a bosslms logintaond international lms - new orders!taond original lmsjoin our newslettercontact uscontact usask oliviaterms & conditionsprivacy policyjoin our newsletter






