

uvee therapy systems, for treatment of dermatological disorders like psoriasis
























puva

x-graph
codevisionavr

karttracker
teslatech




cart()





 full body
 partial body
 lamps
 faq
 contact



 currency

euro
us dollar
gb pound
canadian dollar
australian dollar
bulgarian lev
croatian kuna
czech koruna
danish krona
hungarian forint
polish zloty
romanian leu
swedish krona
swiss franc






cart()




 contact




 t9000 full body

 t4000 partial body

 lamps
 faq

 about us
 privacy

 currency

euro
us dollar
gb pound
canadian dollar
australian dollar
bulgarian lev
croatian kuna
czech koruna
danish krona
hungarian forint
polish zloty
romanian leu
swedish krona
swiss franc









×
this website uses cookies
while using this webshop cookies are used to store your webshop data temporarily on your computer. cookies are not used for any other purpose. by using our site you agree to our use of cookies. learn more.






treatment of dermotological disorders like psoriasis and vitiligo
puva - tl-01 narrowband uvb



full body
t9000 uva & uvb 
t9000 uvb 
the uvee t9000 professional uv therapy system is designed for treatment form head to toe using philips medical puva and narrowband tl-01 uvb lamps.



partial body
t4000 uva & uvb 
t4000 uva 
the uvee t4000 uv therapy system is designed for partial body treatment, especially suited for hands and feet with up to 16 philips medical uv lamps (puva and/or narrowband tl-01 uvb).



lamps
100w puva lamp 
100w uvb lamp 
philips medical uva and uvb tl-01 narrowband lamps




quick orderclick on the blue buttons to quickly add a product to your cart.
uvee develops and manufactures uv therapy systems in belgium using the latest technology.purchase directly on this webshop or order from qualified distributors.




















































uvee control panel app and apple ipad or macbook

      the uvee control panel includes a patient database, therapy history & planning, remote control & monitoring, printing, and much more.
a slick, easy to use and instantly familiar ipad or macos app gives you full control over every aspect of your patients′ treatment, with a complete history and the ability to print out patient cards in case you need a paper reference. guaranteed the most advanced control panel available for uv therapy systems.
      
      the uvee control panel is standard on our 9000 and 4000 series uvee uv therapy systems. do you prefer controlling your 9000 uvee therapy system from your desk? no problem, you can use the detachable ipad wherever you like (wifi connection required) to remotely control and monitor your 9000 uvee therapy system. optional we can also ship your uvee therapy system with an apple macbook instead of the standard apple ipad. both run the same uvee control panel app.
      
      you already own an apple ipad or apple mac? you can download the app from the app store (free download). any apple ipad or apple mac with the uvee control panel app can be used as a remote control panel for the 9000 & 4000 uvee therapy systems. it can also be installed on all already delivered pcl8000 and pcl6000 uv therapy systems.
      

remote control of uvee therapy systems
monitoring
patient database
therapy history
therapy planning
treatment profiles
progress bar
lamp intensity and totals are updated continuously
error indications
lamp replacement warning
play music during treatments
automatic backup of all data (internet connection required)
easy install software updates (internet connection required)
print list of patients
print patient card
use multiple ipads. for example 2 doctors using each an ipad in their offices.










uvee t9000 full body uv therapy system
the uvee t9000 professional uv therapy system is designed for treatment from head to toe using 24  philips medical puva and 24 philips medical narrowband tl-01 uvb lamps. the t9000 is also available with 48, 32, 24 or 16 narrowband tl-01 uvb lamps, or with 32 puva lamps.
the most innovative part of the uvee t9000 is the uvee control panel which introduces a new user experience to uv therapy systems. a slick, easy to use and instantly familiar ipad or macos app gives you full control over every aspect of the treatment, with a complete history and the ability to print out all data in case you need a paper reference. you can use the ipad wherever you like, either fixed to the uvee t9000 or installed on your desk for remote monitoring. optionally we can also ship a macbook with your order, for those whom prefer to use a personal computer instead of the standard ipad.
the uvee t9000 electronics use the latest technology and only require a standard 230v/16a power socket (48 uvb lamps version requires a 32a power socket). to improve the efficiency and accuracy of the more common uvb treatments the uvee t9000 has up to 48 narrowband tl-01 uvb lamps and up to 32 puva lamps.
every uvee t9000 uv therapy systems has acrylic lamp covers, a patient cooling system, a soft floor cover, two grab rails for the patient, and a door which can swing open either left or right.
from the smooth, metallic tinted coloring to the easily reachable power switch and the illuminating door handle each detail of the uvee t9000 has been designed with comfort and ergonomics in mind. the new, simple design radiates durability and efficiency. less is more.
we can also ship your t9000 order with a ups. these systems come equipped with a victron based ups and liion battery. it is possible to operate, start and stop a treatment during a power failure or power voltage drop. this of course within the limits of the installed battery. the victron ups system works automatically and does not require any maintenane or user control. it removes all power failure issues.



t9000


ipad control panel


door handle


patient lcd


lamps


patient controls


patient info


patient info

t9000 uva & uvb 
t9000 uvb 
t9000 uva 






detailed information:

features


efficient

uvee 'instant-on' system switches lamps on immediately without blinking
30% higher uv output using electronic lamp control and philips uv lamps
30% longer lamp life time (compared to non-electronic ballasts)
less heat due to efficient electronics
quick setup with apple ipad or apple macbook and uvee control panel app
special reflectors improve uv intensity
two grab bars make sure the patient stands steady and the treatment covers the complete body

safe

4 extremely sensitive and accurate uv sensors of the latest generation continuously monitor the uv level. the uvee sensors are life-time factory calibrated. there is no re-calibration needed, never.
a password is required to operate the system. patients can not change settings.
large display inside the system. the patient can see the remaining treatment time, his/her name, error messages, ...
the patient has easy access to a start/stop button inside the system.
the lamps will automatically shut off when the door is opened
the patient can easily open the door from the inside
very good ventilation to improve the patient comfort
strong acrylic glass panels protect the patient from touching the lamps
a warm and soft floor cover is included

easy

compact outside design, large interior
very large door opening and the door can swing open either left or right
the uvee control panel app includes a patient database, planning, history, control, printing, ...
uv sensors continuously monitor the uv level
joule/cm² operation and auto-shut off
individual settings for each patient



uvee control panel app

a slick, easy to use and instantly familiar ipad or macos app gives you full control over every aspect of your patients treatment, with a complete history and the ability to print out patient/client cards in case you need a paper reference.
the uvee t9000 is the only uv therapy system in the world that has such an advanced control panel. do you prefer controlling the uvee t9000 from your desk? no problem, you can use the ipad wherever you like, as long as it is connected to a wifi network. or you also order your system with an apple macbook if you prefer using a personal computer instead of the touch based apple ipad.
check uvee control panel app for detailed information.
additionally, a large full color display welcomes the patient when he or she enters the cabin. the radiation dose and a clear count down timer are shown when the treatment is in progress. the patient controls when he or she is ready to start the treatment and can safely stop the progress by simply opening the door or using the stop-button.



technical specifations





model
uvee t9000




medical



lamps
                  full electronic control of each lamp (on/off, electronic start, electronic run)
                  no starters required, no maintenance required.



    philips medical uva 100w
32 or 24



    philips medical uvb 100w    (tl-01 narrowband)
48, 32, 24 or 16




uv sensors4


dimensions


    outer
101 x 101 x 202 cm


    inner
75 x 75 x 196 cm


    step
6 cm


    weight
250 kg


    shipment weight
320 kg


mains


    mains connection
16a (or 25a)



    
208-240v +/- 10%



    
50/60 hz



    cos φ
> 0,9 (electronic lamp control)


    circuit breaker installed
20a or 32a automatic




software
in the field upgradable



interfaces
                  bluetooth interface, used for normal operation
                  wifi (network) connection, used for longer distance operation
                  uvee control panel app runs on a apple ipad or apple macbook
                  large display inside the system
                  door close/open detection switch with anti-claustrophobic mode and autostart/stop mode
                  build-in real time clock
                  auditive alarm





contact us for more information on the availability of a 48, 32, 24 or 16 uvb or 32 puva lamps uvee t9000 uv therapy system.

sales

uvee sells and ships uvee t9000 uv therapy systems world-wide for a fixed price including packaging and shipping.

the uvee t9000 uv therapy systems are shipped with clear installation instructions. total setup time is appr. 1 hour and no technical skills are required. installation does require 2 people. if you prefer our technical staff will come to your country and do the installation. ask us (or call +32 475 60 64 33) to make a competitive quote.
the t9000 uvee therapy systems are also distributed by qualified and experienced distributors. our distributors will gladly help you with the installation and maintenance (extra services might be charged).
our prices include:
      
a complete uvee t9000 uv therapy system as described on this website
self install instruction manual (contact uvee or one of our distributors for installation costs)
user manual
2 sets of protective goggles
3 year warranty (not on lamps)
protective packaging
world-wide shipping
all taxes are excluded






need more information

datasheet
uvee t9000 full body uv therapy system
uvee t9000 full body uv therapy system (high resolution version)

      presentation uvee control panel app (english)
      presentation uvee control panel app (nederlands)
      example of uvee control panel app patient detail report
      example of uv ee control panel app patient list report

uvee t9000 operating instructions
uvee t9000 installation guide
































uvee t4000 hands - feet - lower legs
the uvee t4000 uv therapy system is designed for partial body treatment, especially suited for hands and feet. up to 16  philips medical uv lamps (puva and/or narrowband tl-01 uvb) are installed in a high quality product with a full metal design, reflection mirrors and acrylic lamp protection plates.
this uv therapy systems consists out of 2, 3 or 4  modules installed on a 4-wheel trolley, very easy to be moved.
the most innovative part of the uvee t4000 is the uvee control panel app which introduces a new user experience to uv therapy systems. a slick, easy to use and instantly familiar ipad app gives you full control over every aspect of your patients’ treatment, with a complete history and the ability to print out patient cards in case you need a paper reference.
to improve patient security multiple high quality uv sensors are included with every uvee t4000 therapy system. you can enter radiation levels in joule.
the uvee t4100 can treat both sides of the hands and the bottom of the feet. the uvee t4000 can additionally also treat the lower front legs. the t4200 is designed to treat hands only. all units are available with puva lamps, uvb lamps or with combi puva & uvb lamps in the bottom units.



t4000


t4100


t4200


foot height adjustment


cooling


lamps

t4000 uvb 
t4000 uva & uvb 
t4000 uva 
t4100 uvb 
t4100 uva & uvb 
t4100 uva 
t4200 uvb 
t4200 uva & uvb 
t4200 uva 





detailed information:

features


efficient & easy

one unit to treat all sides of hand and feet simultaneously (t4000)
is shipped with a trolley, no table needed
small dimensions / easily movable / very easy for patient, normal chair can be used
full metal design (no cheap plastic). the uvee t4000 will work for years and years.
apple ipad standard with the unique uvee control panel app.
no less then 8 integrated high quality uv light sensors (t4000)
acrylic lamp covers. the patient can not touch the lamps

low operating costs

high efficiency philips pl36w lamps (up to 25 mw/cm² max.) result in a short treatment time
long lifetime of the lamps.
a high quality mirror behind the lamps reduces radiation time, increases lamp life time, reduces costs



uvee control panel app

a slick, easy to use and instantly familiar ipad app gives you full control over every aspect of your patients’ treatment, with a complete history and the ability to print out patient cards in case you need a paper reference.
the uvee t4000 is the only partial body uv therapy system in the world that has such an advanced control panel.
check uvee control panel app for detailed information.



technical specifications






model
uvee t4000 
uvee t4100 
uvee t4200 



uva or uvb or combi uva-uvb


treatment zone


    palm of hands
yes
yes
yes


    top of hands
yes
yes
yes


    bottom of feet
yes
yes
no


    front under legs
yes
no
no


lamps
                    full electronic control of each lamp (on/off, electronic start, electronic run)
                    no starters required, no maintenance required.



    philips medical uva 100w
16 / 12 /0
12 / 8 / 0
8 / 6 / 0


    philips medical uvb 100w    (tl-01 narrowband)
0 / 4 / 16
0 / 4 / 12
0 / 2 / 8


uv sensors
8
6
4


dimensions


    outer
93 (h) x 70 x 70 (cm)


    weight
50 kg
45 kg
40 kg


mains


    mains connection
220-240v +/- 10%


    
50-60 hz


    power consumption
600 w
450 w
300 w


    cos φ
0,98



software
in the field upgradable



interfaces
                    bluetooth interface
                    wifi (network) connection is optional, only required for ipad updates
                    apple ipad control panel app
                    build-in real time clock
                    auditive alarm







sales

to add a uvee t4000 uv therapy system to your shopping cart click on one of the blue buttons. we accept all major creditcards, apple pay and google pay. shipment is within one week.
the uvee t4000 uv therapy systems have a removable acrylic lamp cover which is very easy to clean. the lamps are easily accessible and user replaceble. we can ship you a set of replacement lamps on request.
uvee sells and ships uvee t4000 uv therapy systems for a fixed price including shipping and packaging.
we ship the uvee t4000 fully assembled. you just need to plug-in the unit, no installation required.
uvee therapy systems are also distributed by qualified and experienced distributors. our distributors will gladly help you with the installation and maintenance (extra services might be charged).
above prices include:

a complete uvee t4000 as described on this website
self install instruction manual (contact our distributors for installation costs)
user manual
1 set of protective goggles
3 year warranty (not on lamps)
protective packaging
world-wide shipping
all taxes are excluded




need more information ...

datasheet
uvee t4000 partial body uv therapy system
uvee t4000 partial body uv therapy system (high resolution version)

        presentation uvee control panel app (english)
        presentation uvee control panel app (nederlands)
        example of uvee control panel app patient detail report
        example of uvee control panel app patient list report





















        example of ipad control panel patient list report








100w lamp


36w lamp


9w lamp



lamps & maintenance
uvee offers a full range of puva & uvb lamps, uv protection goggles, acryl plates.
the acryl pack includes 4 new acryl lamp protection plates and a new door handle for the 9000/7000 series. for best performance the acryl plates should be replaced every 3 years.
goggles are included with all our products. you can purchase additional doctors goggles or a pack of 100 pcs patient goggles. it is a lot safer to have each patient use a personal set of goggles.
packaging & shipping is not included for the lamps and acryl pack. you can arrange the pickup yourselves else we'll contact you with a packaging & shipping quote.
puva 100w lamp 
uvb 100w lamp 
puva 36w lamp 
uvb 36w lamp 
uvb 9w lamp 
t9000/t7000 acryl pack 
patient goggles (100 pcs) 
doctors goggles 
pcl8000 smartcards (10 pcs) 




detailed information:

uvb tl-01 narrowband 100w lamp

philips tl-01 uvb narrowband 100w lamp. this lamps fits all uvee and pcl full body uv therapy systems.
more than 400 independent clinical studies have proven that the uvb narrowband tl lamps are safer and more effective than any other lamps in their class. that is because these lamps emit only a very narrow waveband from the ‘b’ bandwidth of the uv spectrum (290 to 315). this narrow waveband is between 305 and 315 nm and peaks at 311 nm: the most efficacious waveband for the treatment of psoriasis. this means that treatment is much more focused and exposure times are much shorter. this in turn leads to a reduction of side effects such as reddening of the skin and itching. all of this makes them ideal for phototherapy treatment of diseases such as psoriasis, parapsoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis, and mycosis fungoides. what’s more, because the overall dosage of this narrowband radiation can be closely controlled, these lamps are suitable for home therapy.
emission peak at 311nm.
applications: psoriasis, parapsoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis, mycosis fungoides, other skin diseases


puva 100w lamp

philips medical (p)uva 100w lamp optimized for puva treatment. this lamps fits the all uvee and pcl full body therapy systems.
nowadays the preferred radiotherapy treatment of skin diseases like psoriasis is through the use of the ‘b’ bandwidth of the uv spectrum (290 to 315 nm), since this requires no photo-sensitizing agent. but some patients do not respond to uvb treatment, hence a uv lamp with an ‘a’ bandwidth of the uv spectrum is used, and here philips offers a choice of either tl or pls/pll lamps. both are ideal for when the uvb is unsuitable. these (puva) lamps have a wavelength of between 315 to 380 nm and are not only used for the treatment of psoriasis but are also commonly used for more than 20 other diseases.
emission peak at 350nm.
applications: psoriasis, parapsoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis, mycosis fungoides


uvb tl-01 narrowband 36w lamp

philips tl-01 uvb narrowband 36w pl lamp. this lamps fits all uvee and pcl hands-feet uv therapy systems.
more than 400 independent clinical studies have proven that the uvb narrowband tl lamps are safer and more effective than any other lamps in their class. that is because these lamps emit only a very narrow waveband from the ‘b’ bandwidth of the uv spectrum (290 to 315). this narrow waveband is between 305 and 315 nm and peaks at 311 nm: the most efficacious waveband for the treatment of psoriasis. this means that treatment is much more focused and exposure times are much shorter. this in turn leads to a reduction of side effects such as reddening of the skin and itching. all of this makes them ideal for phototherapy treatment of diseases such as psoriasis, parapsoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis, and mycosis fungoides. what’s more, because the overall dosage of this narrowband radiation can be closely controlled, these lamps are suitable for home therapy.
emission peak at 311nm.
applications: psoriasis, parapsoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis, mycosis fungoides, other skin diseases


puva 36w lamp

philips medical (p)uva 36w pl lamp optimized for puva treatment. this lamps fits all uvee and pcl hand- feet uv therapy systems.
nowadays the preferred radiotherapy treatment of skin diseases like psoriasis is through the use of the ‘b’ bandwidth of the uv spectrum (290 to 315 nm), since this requires no photo-sensitizing agent. but some patients do not respond to uvb treatment, hence a uv lamp with an ‘a’ bandwidth of the uv spectrum is used, and here philips offers a choice of either tl or pls/pll lamps. both are ideal for when the uvb is unsuitable. these (puva) lamps have a wavelength of between 315 to 380 nm and are not only used for the treatment of psoriasis but are also commonly used for more than 20 other diseases.
emission peak at 350nm.
applications: psoriasis, parapsoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis, mycosis fungoides







your webshop cart
fill in the form - check your cart - pay - enjoy your uv therapy system






invoice info:
name


e-mail address

address


post/zip code

city

state/province

country

phone

company name

vat number (without country code)

your geolocation



shipping info:
name

e-mail address

address


post/zip code

city

state/province

country

phone

company name

 




comment



your cart contents:

empty cart 

total: 
shipping: 
vat: 
grand total: 


          no vat is charged unless you are a belgian customer or a eu customer without a vat number.


          if the automated vat system fails we will check vat manually after your purchase and refund the paid vat.



          prices in other currencies then euro are indicative.
        

          the pay button is only available after you filled in all required fields.
        






pay: send me a proforma invoice for above items


send me a proforma invoice, i'l pay with a bank transfer.
i prefer to pay with paypal, bancontact, ideal, sofort.










×










uvee faq
what happens after i've placed my order?
    you will receive an order confirmation e-mail. verify the address information and if you find any errors contact us immediately.
    most of our products are in stock and will ship in appr. one week. if a product is not in stock we'll inform you about the delivery date, production is typical 6 weeks. if that date is not acceptable for you we will refund you your payment immediately and cancel your order, no worries.

what about shipping costs?
    we prefer that you arrange the pickup, it tends to be cheaper for you. please add your preferred carrier add your carrier account number in the comment field. if you prefer us to ship your order, check the transport costs we charge in the above sections. we ship all orders with either bpost (first class mail, only for small parcels) or a heavy duty carrier (for larger parcels). you will get a tracking number once your order has been shipped. shipping time varies depending on the location.

where can i download the manuals and datasheets?
    check the 'need more information' sections above.

how do i setup the hardware & software?
    read the 'installation manuals' included with all shipped products.

will i receive an invoice for my purchase?
    invoices are send by e-mail for all purchases.

payments
    our new webshop uses the services of stripe to handle your payments. stripe supports all common creditcards, but also apple pay and google checkout in selected regions. it also supports local bank cards (region dependant). you can also request a proforma invoice or ask for a paypal payment invite. all orders must be paid in full before they are shipped. local taxes and duties must be paid by you.
    you will always be charged in euro. prices in other currencies are indicative.

vat
    no vat is charged unless you are a belgian customer or a eu customer without a vat number.
    for eu customers please enter your vat field. your vat number will be automatically verified on the vies database. sometimes this database is offline and the automated vat system fails. you can finish your order as usual and add a comment to your order, requesting a vat refund. we will check your vat number manually and refund the paid vat.

are there any export restrictions
    we do not sell to residents of iran, north korea, and any country with an ec trade embargo.

warranty, repair and rma
    all products returned to uvee require an rma (return material authorization) number. to get an rma number, contact us. please include the product part number, invoice number and the reason why you want to return the product. for some problems we will contact you and suggest a solution (firmware upgrade, hardware change, ...) without the need for returning the items.
    for other problems you will immediately receive an rma number. please return all defective items to us and mark the rma number clearly on the box. make sure the items are properly packaged.
    we can and will not accept any returned item without an rma number. packages received without an rma number, will be returned with shipping charges paid by the customer.

privacy
    our shop does not store any information in an online database. that's why you can not use a login and have to enter your invoice data for each purchase. your address is only used to send you your order and invoice. your e-mail address is used by uvee to send you an order confirmation, a tracking number for your order and your invoice. on simple request (use the contact form) uvee will erase all your data, or send you a copy of all your data records.
    while using this webshop cookies are used to store your webshop data temporarily on your computer.

detailed information:

what is psoriasis & puva

psoriasis is a skin condition, it is a disease, but it is not contagious. the name comes from the greek word for "itch." it can be hereditary, caused by external influences (allergic reaction to foods or the environment) and sometimes stress. 4-5% of the population are known to be affected, and this number is growing. however, it is suspected that 1 in 5 people have some form of psoriasis either descript or non descript. once you have psoriasis, it is very likely you will have it for ever. it may go away, and come back. it might respond to various treatments, and it may not. basically psoriasis is your body over producing skin cells. you have too many skin cells in one location which is why it often swells up, becomes dry and even flaky. it can often be very itchy, red, sore, cracked and very tender. psoriasis usually effects the scalp, hands, stomach, knees, feet and elbows. it is linked to dandruff and unfortunately to some forms of arthritis.
         a leading psoriasis foundation has this to say about phototherapy treatment for psoriasis. "this type of treatment (phototherapy) involves exposing the skin to a particular wavelength of ultraviolet light called uvb. phototherapy is a common, safe and very effective treatment for psoriasis."
  
  
  


what causes psoriasis
         the simple answer is that nobody really knows. so many people claim to know what causes psoriasis, but nobody has any proof or evidence. any person or web page that claims to have a "cure" for psoriasis should be treated with caution. you will also find that you can "trigger" your psoriasis. your trigger may be stress, it might also be a food or the environment.
       

what can i do for free to reduce my psoriasis
         the first step is reducing the severity of your psoriasis, is drink lots of water. drink at least 2 litres a day. the second step is to improve your diet and eat lots of green leafy vegetables. this will not cure your psoriasis, but it may dramatically reduce it. you will find each doctor or dermatologist will give different advice. that is because they have probably found something that works for a variety of their patients. it is not uncommon for dermatologists to try a combination of treatments until they find one that works particularly well for you-its basically trial and error! the following foods are popular triggers (worsen psoriasis;) coke-a-cola, red wine, red meat, msg, chilli, hot spices, junk foods, oily foods, berries (such as strawberries) tomato, most acidic foods and vitamin-c. people with poor diets will likely have much worse psoriasis.
       

do psoriasis diets alone really work
         the short answer is no, not generally. it has been proven that a good diet (less of the foods mentioned above,) lots of water and lots of vegetables, a good multi vitamin tablet and also zinc tablets daily can help reduce psoriasis, it is not a recognised treatment, nor a cure. any results from a diet are probably due to increased general health, and the removal of unhealthy foods - not the inclusion of magic foods. acidic foods in particular have been proven to worsen psoriasis, so simply eliminating these from your existing diet will improve your psoriasis as much as any "wonder diet" could.

         seen the magic psoriasis cure in the local news paper that "worked for me?" they are often flooded with testimonials like" thanks for saving me, i've tried everything, but your product is fantastic." don't be mislead by advertisements asking for "$7.95" for a magical detoxification diet booklet that will "cure your psoriasis for ever." the magical diet will probably just be "drink lots of water, and improve your diet." the national psoriasis foundation states "special diets have not been successful in completely treating psoriasis, except in isolated cases." if a complete cure was that simple, no body would have psoriasis and your doctor would have the answer.

         if only it were that simple. psoriasis has been known about for at least five thousand years and if any particular nutrient had been proved to be beneficial surely we would all have heard about it by now!
       

magic psoriasis cures, do they really work
         the drug industry is a multi billion dollar industry. drugs exist for almost every purpose imaginable. drug companies want to sell you drugs. drug company's want to sell you - their drugs. if there was a drug that "cured" psoriasis, then every drug company in the world would manufacture and sell that drug. they would also advertise the drug. it would be the same drug available from everyday doctor and pharmacist in the world. therefore, if a real psoriasis "cure" existed, it would be extremely widely know and advertised. since every magic cure is a "secret formula" and not manufactured by a main stream drug company, we can safely and easily assume that there is no real benefit from using the products (and paying for them.) it is illogical and unethical not to list all ingredients in a medical or homeopathic product, in the case of an allergy, allergic reaction or poisoning there is little that can be done.

         basically most of these "wonder products" are either just a plagiarized diet book (i.e. all the same) or an expensive moisturizing cream. we investigated hundreds of different "wonder products" and the common ingredient is always the same- coal tar. check the ingredients yourself in the psoriasis products at your pharmacist. the benefits of coal tar have been know for many years (hundreds actually!!) so why not purchase a quality coal tar product from your pharmacist? they come in lotions, bath additives, soap blocks and moisturizers. if you want a moisturizer for dry and itchy psoriasis we have found sorbaline to be very good . it's a glycerol based product that is very gentle, particularly on painful psoriasis. do not just use any old moisturizer, or skin oil. they will often cause more problems than they solve. be very careful what you actually put on your psoriasis. often oil based products will inflame your psoriasis and make it worse.

         coal tar only treats the inflammation, not the cause, and will do nothing to prevent your psoriasis occurring. we recommend using coal tar products in conjunction with our uvb treatment for best results. coal tar should relieve the itchiness, swelling and some flaking, but it only offers temporary relief. there is a common misbelief that coal tar causes cancer, which is simply not true. the fda says a coal tar solution of between 1-5% has been proven as a safe product.
       

why is uv treatment for psoriasis so popular
         uv phototherapy or puva therapy is the simplest and easiest treatment with the best general results for clearing psoriasis. there is also no real direct side effects (but be careful of sunburn which can increase the risk of skin cancer.) uvb light is not the light found in tanning salons and solariums. that is uva light. sitting in a tanning salon for hours will do little or nothing for your psoriasis. what about skin cancer? there is not a single case of documented skin cancer caused by narrow band uvb phototherapy treatment. it is safer than the old style wide band light, and significantly safer than normal sun exposure uva or puva phototherapy. several studies have been unable to find any link between narrow band uvb treatment and skin cancer. people who are predisposed to skin cancer can have skin cancer on parts of their body that have never been exposed to uv light, such as in the arm pits and soles of the feet.

         psoriasis is a chronic (long-lasting) skin disease characterized by scaling and inflammation. scaling occurs when cells in the outer layer of the skin reproduce faster than normal and pile up on the skin's surface.
       

phototherapy


         phototherapy, or light therapy, is the administration of doses of bright light with a specific wavelength (colour) in order to normalize the body's internal clock or to cure/change external features on our skin. some examples of phototherapy are; puva (uv), laser, infra-red and acne treatment. the "healing power" of the light depends on it's wavelength and intensity.

         years ago it was noticed by an astute nurse that babies near the window of the nursery did not seem to become as yellow with newborn jaundice as the other babies in the nursery. from this simple observation came the principle of phototherapy. newborns with moderately severe jaundice are placed under powerful florescent lights which are designed to emit light at a specific wavelength which is known to break down the bilirubin molecule. this molecule is converted from the toxic, fat soluble form which can enter and damage the baby's brain tissues to a harmless, water soluble form which is excreted in the urine and stool more readily. 

         phototherapy used to be mainly conducted in the hospital setting, under the supervision of a doctor.  now, for almost every field of use, there are a number of portable phototherapy devices that make home therapy easy and safe.
       

uva


uva (ultraviolet-a): long- wave solar rays of 320-400 nanometers
         uva was considered as the safe ray in the "80's" and sun beds were the hype. some dermatologist backed this idea as a safe and healthy way to look your best. since then science has found this ray actually does the most amount of damage to the body than uvb. uva is the same strength year round -- it does not matter how close or how far away the sun is from the earth. the ray remains the same strength and considered a light x ray. it goes through light clothing, wind shields, office windows, hats, etc. you can test this by putting a colour bound book or fabric covered furniture in a sunny window for a few months. you will start to see the colour fade as the rays work on the book or furniture. often women will say they never go out in the sun but their chest is permanently red and wrinkly, their hands look old which i usually categorize as "free-way" or "commuter" aging. a pulled down head visor in a vehicle does not protect your hands on the steering wheel or exposed chest driving into the sun. car pooling, commuting or traveling congested areas even several times a week is enough to cause aging. when taking the train or plane is the sunlight on your hands or chest? male skin is thicker "free-way" or "commuter" aging affects them mostly by more brown spots on the exposed side of the face. living in a sun state or country, for example, mexico or equator countries provide a constant sunny environment making a daily full spectrum sunblock necessary.
       

body's reaction to uva
         uva shoots through the epidermis and disperses in the dermis the second layer of the skin. the dermis is called the "true skin" and stops gleefully renewing itself around the age of 28 years. skin after this age is considered "mature skin". damage incurred is not mended as well if at all, fair skin people look in the mirror and ask "what happened?". it is the aging process and like new paint on a car in a crowded parking lot years later does not look so great. the skin like new paint on a car has to be taken care of and protected. the dermis is composed of collagen, elastin , blood vessels, nerve endings and ground substances (glyco-amino-glycans, mucopoly-saccharides). it provides the firm youthful mattress for the skin. prolonged exposure of uva cracks and shrinks the collagen and elastin. the size of the layer becomes smaller so the epidermis (top layer) starts to droop or hang off the body. blood vessels become permanently dilated giving a constant red flush to the skin. the few remaining melanocyte cells that are scattered in the dermis either die making a white spot or become over active leaving a brown spot. there are no lasers or procedure available at the moment that guarantees the removal of these brown spots and some procedures make them worse. the water binding ground substances are less and ineffective making the skin dry. in the end over exposure to this ray can put you in the dermatologist or plastic surgeon's office faster than any other aggravator. not to mention the reported deaths from radiation poisoning from tanning beds.

         sunlight regulates our biological clock and provides essential vitamin d. common sense should be used in regulating the amount of time in the sun.
        

uvb


uvb (ultraviolet-b): short-wave solar rays of 290-320 nanometers
         uvb was long considered as the "tanning ray" and is strongest in the summer months when the earth rotates closest to the sun. when the earth rotates away from the sun in the winter months it is harder to get a "suntan" because the rays can not reach the earth's surface. sunblocks for many years only blocked the uvb ray as science was not clear on the body's reaction to uva.
       

body's reaction to uvb
         this ray only has the strength to penetrate the epidermis. the epidermis is the very top layer of the body and the same thickness as a silk scarf. no blood vessels or nerve endings are present and is composed of keratinocytes (skin cells), basal cells and melanocyte cells. melanocyte cells synthesize tyrosinase and the pigment melanin that is transferred to the keratinocytes or skin cells for color. see the hyperpigmentation or brown spots information section of the store for more facts on darkening of the skin. uvb rays simulate the melanocyte cell to produce more melanin which is more colour known as a suntan or if a very small area known as a brown or age spot.
       

uva phototherapy


what is (p)uva?
         puva, also called "phototherapy" is an acronym for psoralen (a light-sensitizing medication) combined with exposure to ultraviolet light a (with a wavelength between 320 and 400 nanometer). by itself, however, uva is not usually used to clear psoriasis. it is relatively ineffective unless used with a light-sensitizing medication such as psoralen.
         puva can also refer to treatment with ultraviolet light b, which does not need extra medication to be effective. uva, like uvb, is found in sunlight.

         puva therapy is a common treatment for various forms of psoriasis, because it slows down two processes that are associated with psoriasis:

the inflammation in the dermis
         the excessive cell reproduction in the epidermis
         


how is uva administered?
         the positive effect of sunlight on psoriasis has been known for a long time. sunlight is more than the light that we can see. it also contains non visible, ultraviolet rays like uva and uvb. puva therapy uses these uv radiation.

         puva treatments take place in a doctor's office. after psoralen is ingested or applied to the skin, a patient exposes his or her psoriasis lesions to uva in a light unit lined with ultraviolet lamps. most uva units are vertical, and patients stand during treatment. other special uva units are used for exposing only specific parts of the body, such as the hands and feet.

         a doctor and his or her phototherapy staff know exactly how much time should elapse between the patient taking the pill or applying psoralen topically, and exposing the lesions to uva. timing is critical to the success of the treatment. for the uva light exposure to work, it must be administered at a time when the psoralen is at a high level in the skin.

         oral puva is the most common form. it calls for the patient to take psoralen pills 75 to 120 minutes before entering the puva cabin. 

         initially, exposure to uva may be very short (30 seconds to several minutes), depending on the patient's skin type and the kind of uva unit. exposure time is gradually increased to 20 minutes or longer, depending on the strength of the uva light. on average, 25 treatments are required for clearance, but may be greater for very severe psoriasis.

         some doctors conduct a test treatment on a small area of the skin to test the sensitivity of the skin to uv radiation. the results will determine the start dose for the particular patient. mostly the treatment schedule is based on the skin type of the patient.



skintype i
always burns, never bronzes


skintype ii
always burns,  bronzes sometimes


skintype iii
burns sometimes, always bronzes


skintype iv
never burns, always bronzes


skintype v
light pigmented skin


skintype vi
dark pigmented skin



         lower skintypes demand precaution, lower radiation times with gradually small increases. for the higher skintypes, the first sessions can be much longer and radiation can be increased faster.

         after clearing, a person may or may not go on a maintenance regimen, depending on the aggressiveness of the psoriasis. only one or two puva treatments per month may be needed to maintain clearance, although the exact regimen will vary for each patient.
       

what is a uva cabin?
         a puva cabin can be compared with a sun booth (a vertical tanning bed) equipped with special uva and/or uvb tubes. compared to a sun booth, there are a few differences with a puva cabin.

treatments are mostly programmed in joules in stead of time (seconds)
         the tubes in the cabin emit a specific wavelength of light to optimize treatment
         the use of uvb tubes must always be done under supervision of a dermatologist
         sensors inside the cabin measures the strength of the tubes and recalculate treatment time accordingly
         


how effective is uva?
         puva is a very effective treatment for psoriasis. studies show that puva clears psoriasis for more than 85% of patients. it induces long remission times, even without maintenance treatment, that can last from a few months to more than a year. to reach this result, treatment should take place 2-3 times a week for 6-10 weeks.
       

what are the side effects of uva?
         the most common short-term side effects of oral uva are nausea, itching and redness of the skin. drinking milk or ginger ale, taking ginger supplements or eating while taking oral psoralen may prevent nausea. antihistamines, baths with colloidal oatmeal products or application of topical products with capsaicin (an extract of hot peppers) may help relieve itching caused by puva. swelling of the legs from standing during puva treatment can sometimes be relieved by wearing support hose.
skin cancers
         the primary long-term risk of puva treatment is a higher risk of skin cancer, particularly non-aggressive forms like squamous cell carcinoma (scc) and basal cell carcinoma (bcc). studies show the more puva treatments you have, the more at risk you are for developing skin cancers, compared to the general, non-puva-treated population.
         long-term puva treatment requires careful monitoring for skin cancer, even after treatments are finished. if you have had more than a total of 150 puva treatments, it is advisable to have an annual skin examination by a dermatologist. skin cancers generally can be removed easily if detected early.
         early signs of an increased risk of non-melanoma skin cancer are keratoses, or raised, scaly wart-like bumps, that can range from a tenth- to a half-inch in diameter at the base. puva-induced keratoses (as opposed to sun-induced keratoses) tend to appear on skin that does not receive regular sun exposure (e.g., the trunk and thighs). keratoses and early skin cancer lesions generally can be removed.

cataracts
         there is a potential for puva to induce cataracts if the eyes are not protected for 12 to 24 hours after a puva treatment. psoralen remains in the eye lens for a period of time following ingestion of the drug. to date, no increase in cataracts has been noted in patients using proper eye protection.
         use of commercial sunglasses should be discussed with your doctor. sunglasses must filter out 100 percent of the ultraviolet light.

freckling and skin aging
         puva patients who have received more than 150 treatments within five years are at a higher risk for premature aging of the skin. the aging usually takes the form of wrinkling and dryness, or tight, shiny skin. discolored spots that look like dark freckles may develop.
       

who is a candidate for uva?
         puva is considered for moderate to severe cases of psoriasis in adults. stable plaque psoriasis, guttate psoriasis, and psoriasis of the palms and soles are especially responsive to puva treatments.

         puva is not normally recommended for children or teenagers. however, it can be used by young people to avoid unwanted side effects of other treatments or if other treatments have not been successful.

         some people are not good candidates for puva due to their medical histories. the following are possible reasons to avoid puva:
         
a family history of allergy to sunlight
         pregnancy or nursing
         a history of arsenic intake (e.g., fowler's solution)
         previous ionizing radiation therapy (grenz ray or x-ray)
         medical conditions such as lupus erythematosus, porphyria or skin cancer that require one to avoid the sun
         heart or blood pressure problems so severe that one can't tolerate heat or prolonged standing
         a history of skin cancer
         


uvb phototherapy


what is uvb?
        present in natural sunlight, ultraviolet light b (uvb) is an effective treatment for psoriasis. uvb penetrates the skin and slows the abnormally rapid growth of skin cells associated with psoriasis. uvb treatment involves exposing the skin to an artificial uvb light source for a set length of time on a regular schedule, either under a doctor's direction in a medical setting or with a home unit purchased with a doctor's prescription.

        although the cabin is equipped with uva/uvb tubes or uvb tubes only, it is still called a puva cabin.

        there are two types of uvb treatment, broad band and narrow band. broad-band uvb is more commonly used in the united states; however, narrow-band uvb is similar in many ways and is becoming more widely used. the major difference between broad-band and narrow-band uvb is that narrow-band uvb units emit a more specific range of uv wavelengths.

        several studies indicate that narrow-band uvb clears psoriasis faster and produces longer remissions than broad-band uvb. narrow-band uvb may be effective with fewer treatments per week than broad-band uvb. the use of narrow-band uvb increases as doctors and patients learn more about its effectiveness and safety and as the equipment becomes less expensive.
      

how is uvb administered?
          the patient stands in a puva cabin with uvb lamps, or an enclosure containing one or more columns of lamps. a person undresses to expose all affected areas to the ultraviolet light. some doctors have small units for treating localized areas such as the palms and soles.

        a patient generally will receive treatments three times per week. it takes an average of 30 treatments to reach maximum improvement of psoriasis lesions.

        the first exposure to the light is usually quite short, lasting as little as a few seconds. exposure time depends on the person's skin type and the intensity of the light emitted from the bulbs. people with lighter skin start with shorter exposure times than people with darker skin. 

        normally, treatment times are gradually increased until clearing occurs, unless the last session produced itching and/or skin tenderness. because administering uvb light is not an exact science, each person's reaction to the light is not completely predictable. subsequent sessions of uvb are adjusted according to a person's individual response.

        uvb requires a significant time commitment. people get the best results when they keep scheduled appointments and follow treatment directions carefully.

        a doctor may require a patient to do one or more of the following before uvb treatments begin:
        
inform the medical staff of medications used, topically or internally;
        soak in warm water for 30 minutes to remove psoriasis scales;
        protect certain areas of skin (for example, the backs of hands, neck, lips, nipples and dark, pigmented areas of the breasts) with sunscreen;
        cover uninvolved areas of the body, such as the face, with paper, cloth or sunscreen to shield from unwanted light exposure;
        apply topical coal tar preparations to the lesions at night and wash them off in the morning before a uvb treatment.
        
        any other topical application left on the skin may block some or all of the uvb light and reduce the effectiveness of the treatment. this is especially true for salicylic acid and thick, white moisturizers. it is important for you to talk to your doctor about all moisturizers and topical medications that you are using to receive the maximum benefit from phototherapy treatment.

        once the skin clears, the treatments can be stopped. they should be resumed as the lesions begin to reappear. sometimes uvb is continued on a maintenance basis.

        studies show that uvb maintenance can increase remission time. most people need about eight maintenance treatments per month to prolong clearance, but it is different for every person.

        if psoriasis lesions return, an individual may return to three treatments per week. sometimes a person is rotated to a different psoriasis treatment. this rotation gives the skin a break from uvb, minimizing long-term exposure and possible side effects.
      

what is a uvb cabin?
        although the term puva is technically not applicable for uvb treatment because no psoralen are used and the uva light is replaced by uvb. it is common for patients to receive uva as well as uvb radiation during the same treatment. the amount of joules for each wavelength is programmed and lamps will start and stop when the dose is reached.

        therefore, in everyday use, puva cabin or puva therapy is used to refer to a cabin or treatment with uva as well as uvb light.

        a puva cabin can be compared with a sun booth (a vertical tanning bed) equipped with special uva and/or uvb tubes. compared to a sun booth, there are a few differences with a puva cabin.

treatments are mostly programmed in joules in stead of time (seconds)
        the tubes in the cabin emit a specific wavelength of light to optimize treatment
        the use of uvb tubes must always be done under supervision of a dermatologist
        sensors inside the cabin measures the strength of the tubes and recalculate treatment time accordingly
        


how effective is uvb?
        studies for response rates to narrow band-uvb shows that more than 55% of the patients had a complete response, 30% had a partial response and only 15% of the patients had no response at all. to get these results, patients need to be treated according a tight treatment schedule during several weeks. overall it can be said that nb-uvb has an effectiveness of  85% and is a useful, safe, and easily administered way for treating psoriasis.
      

what are the side effects of uvb?
        during treatment, psoriasis may worsen temporarily before improving. the skin may itch and become red because of exposure to the uvb light. the amount of uvb administered may need to be reduced to avoid further irritation. occasionally, temporary flares occur even with non-burning doses of uvb. these reactions may resolve with continued uvb treatment.
sunburn
        certain medications, herbal supplements and topical ingredients can cause sensitivity to light; it is important to tell your doctor about all medications, treatments and supplements you are taking. patients should avoid exposure to natural sunlight on uvb treatment days. overexposure to ultraviolet light can cause a serious burn.

skin cancer
        uvb is an established carcinogen (cancer-causing substance or agent) in humans. however, there is no direct evidence of increased risk of skin cancer from uvb treatment for psoriasis. it is important to have a doctor examine your skin periodically. skin cancers generally can be removed easily if detected early.
        
        some doctors recommend the use of sunscreen on uninvolved skin as a means of minimizing exposure to uvb. the face, for example, is exposed to a great deal of natural sunlight. if there is no psoriasis on the face, a person should avoid uvb exposure there.
      

who is a candidate for uvb?
        uvb treatment can be used by adults and children, and will be effective in treating psoriasis for at least two-thirds of patients who meet these criteria:
        
thin plaques (decreased scale build up)
        moderate to severe disease (involving more than 3 percent of the skin)
        responsive to natural sunlight
        







contact
lets get in touch. send us a message.



name

e-mail address

your message to us




 send message





about us



uvee history
        established in 2013, uvee develops, manufactures, sells, distributes and services uv therapy systems. our products use delcomp, puva combi light, pcl and arkade technology. with over 20 years of experience uvee is well placed to become the number one uv therapy systems manufacturer.

uvee got the permission of arkade to use the puva.com website and the pcl and puva combi light brandname. to support existing arkade pcl uv systems users and distributors uvee will supply all possible spare parts for these. distributors should contact uvee for sales conditions.

        from a legal point of view arkade remains responsible for its already sold products and warranty issues. feel free to contact  arkade directly to solve any warranty or product issue. of course you can also contact uvee and we will forward your requests to arkade.
        uvee is only responsible for all the new uv therapy sysems sold since mid 2013. 
the complete uvee uv systems product line is based on new delcomp designs using the arkade pcl technology.
      

delcomp history
        launched in 1994 delcomp has quickly established itself as an innovative and dynamic company providing high quality  engineering and consulting services for embedded electronics and it systems. our main offices are located in leuven near the belgian capital of brussels.

        since 1995 the engineering department of delcomp developed as a subcontractor the electronics for most puva combi light uv systems which were produced, certified, tested and distributed by arkade.
        by mid 2011 arkade stopped further development, production and distribution of its pcl uv systems. delcomp decided to use its knowledge based on appr. 20 years of development of arkade pcl uv systems and start developing a brand new uv systems product line. uvee will focus on manufacturing and distributing this new line of uv therapy systems, using the development experience of delcomp



puva combi light history
        as an answer on the increasing demand for phototherapeutic devices on the belgian market arkade developed its first full body uv system in 1995. this uv system was equipped with 48 tubes in total, varying in configuration of uva and uvb tubes. the most innovating feature was the dosimetrical unit, which could be set in time as well as in joules.

        only one year after the launch of the first full body uv system arkade brought its first hand and feet device to the market.  this device was specially developed for treating local skin disorders on the hands, wrists, feet and lower legs. its shape was designed to have easy access with both hand and feet while keeping a comfortable position during treatment. 

        from the year 2000 on demand in neighbouring countries increased rapidly. in order to expand the success on the belgian market, several new types of uv systems were developed to meet the specific demands of other european countries. gradually arkade phototherapeutic devices became more and more electronically controlled, which made them easy to use even in different languages. arkade was the first company to use the new delcomp designed touchscreen control unit combined with electronic ballasts in order to guarantee a longer lamp life-time and a reduced power consumption.

        during the first decade of the 21th century arkade expanded his market to the entire emea area and the middle east. with over 300 full body uv systems sold worldwide and several official dealerships in a dozens of countries, arkade and the puva combi light brand became a world player for uv therapy systems.
      

why uvee


why choose a uvee therapy system
        how do the uvee uv therapy systems compare to the products of the competition?
uvee offers products of the same and better quality as any competitive product. but we add more features and offer a better price.

        we can offer more advanced features because our complete product line was redesigned just recently. to ensure the reliability these new designs  are based on a 20-year uv therapy system design experience. due to the recent development date we were able to incorporate the latest technology which offers more features for a lower price.
        most of our competitors use older designs with older more expensive technology with limited features.

        we can offer a very competitive price because we use a cost-effective jit production system, produce higher volumes. further we do not use a costly sales organisation. our sales system is web based and offers all information on-line. we do not require an expensive sales staff with the related travel costs.
      

uvee therapy systems and the competitors
        the uvee uv therapy systems offer a unique electronic concept and the latest touchscreen technology. the electronic lamp system offers a higher lamp life time and a higher lamp light output. the latter results in shorter treatment times which lowers the stress imposed on patients and allow optimal use of the unit (more patients can use the unit in one day).
        the lamps will start instantaneously, which allows very accurate uvb treatments. treatment times of 15 seconds when an uvb treatment starts are not unusual. these short times can only be accurately dosed when the lamps use an electronic start system as used in the uvee therapy systems.

        the advanced apple ipad based user interface is an example of user friendliness.

        all uvee therapy systems are equipped with an advanced uv sensor system. this decreases the security risk and allows for more accurate measurements.

        you will notice the uvee therapy systems have about the same price as the lower-end full body units competitors are offering.
      

uvee mission


uvee is a unique manufacturer and supplier of phototherapeutic devices.
        it is our goal to develop medical devices of a very high technical standard in which the patients comfort and safety are inextricable integrated.

        through a continuous strengthening of our relationships with universities, hospitals, doctors and patients, we are constantly improving our products. thanks to this intense cooperation, we are able to reduce the duration and the side effects of treatment while increasing product efficiency and the patients comfort.

        our quality policy is to develop, produce, and deliver on time, products and services that meet or exceed customer expectations. in order to do this, we have implemented quality systems and processes that are continually being improved to satisfy our customers' changing needs.
 

uvee promises you innovative, quality products and services from a company you can trust.
      

documents


uv therapy system datasheets
        datasheet uvee t9000 full body uv therapy system
        datasheet uvee t7000 full body uv therapy system
        datasheet uvee t4000 full body uv therapy system
        datasheet uvee t1000 and t2000 hand and feet uv therapy system

        presentation uvee control panel app (english)
        presentation uvee control panel app (nederlands)
        example of uvee control panel app patient detail report
        example of uvee control panel app patient list report


retired product datasheets
        datasheet pcl8000 full body uv therapy system
        datasheet pcl5000 partial body uv therapy system
        ce certificate: pcl8000 full body uv therapy system
        ce certificate: pcl5000 partial body uv therapy system
        ce certificate: puva combi light cabin, varying in uv-a and uv-b lamps


publications
advances in psoriasis treatment
ultraviolet light for psoriasis treatment
update on phototherapy


links
eczema association of australasia
        an educational site offering you practical information about living with or caring for someone with eczema.
www.eczema.org.au

national eczema association, us
        extensive information about the nature of eczema, its treatment and its management.
www.nationaleczema.org

national eczema society, uk
        provides people with independent and practical advice about treating and managing eczema. includes information for healthcare professionals, teachers and the government.
www.eczema.org

national psoriasis foundation
        a site for people who have psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
www.psoriasis.org

psoriasis association, uk
        information on what psoriasis is, what causes it and what treatments are available.
www.psoriasis-association.org.uk

psoriasis help organisation
        an informative and friendly environment to learn about psoriasis and discuss topics with others in similar situations.
www.psoriasis-help.org.uk

talkeczema
        a free information and support site for eczema sufferers and their families.
www.talkeczema.com

talkpsoriasis
        a free information and support site for psoriasis sufferers and their families.
www.talkpsoriasis.com


distributors


home uv therapy systems
        uvee sells and ships its home uv therapy systems directly to all countries.

professional uv therapy systems
        uvee professional uv therapy systems are distributed by qualified, experienced and exclusive distributors in the following countries.

italy
        medem srl
        via bellaria 46b
        i-44121 ferrara
contact:  alessandro cudini / tel: 0532-210568 or 338-2170724 / info@medemsrl.it
www.medemsrl.it

oman
        waleed pharmacy llc
        muscat
contact:  santosh n. bahirat / tel: +968 99877651 / santosh_wpl@omzest.com
www.omzest.com


all other countries
        uvee bvba
        technologielaan 3
        b-3001 heverlee
        belgium
contact:  rudi de laet / tel: +32-475-606433 / contact
apply to become a uvee distributor
        if you are interested in becoming a uvee distributor, send us a message.

        give as much information as possible. of course we need the coordinates of your company and contact person.
        you should include a description of your company portfolio and history. also describe why your company wants to become a uvee distributor and indicate how you will promote the uvee products in your region.
        we need an estimate on how many units you will sell yearly.

        we appoint exclusive and non-exclusive distributors, and we reserve the right to remove companies from the distributor list (for example if the projected yearly sales quota are not met)
      

privacy policy

the uvee® commitment to privacy
your privacy is important to us. to better protect your privacy, uvee® provides this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. to make this notice easy to find, uvee® makes a link to it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
the information uvee® collects
this notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the uvee® web site. all information marked with an asterisk (*) is required for a particular service.

your ip address may also be logged. ip addresses may be used in fraud prevention and/or to prosecute perpetrators of fraud or other abuses.
on some pages, you may order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. the information collected for these sections is strictly confidential and only shared with shippers, payment processors and/or selected partners as needed. the types of personal information collected at these pages are:
your name*
        billing and shipping address(es)*
        email address*
        phone number*
        possibly credit card number or other payment information. if a credit card number is collected it is never stored on our servers.

the way uvee® uses information
uvee® uses the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
uvee® uses the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
uvee® uses return email addresses to answer uvee® the email uvee® receives. such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
you can register with the uvee® web site if you would like to use our forum, recieve newsletters, list your site in the showcase, and/or other services. information you submit on the uvee® web site may be shared with selected partners.
uvee® may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design the uvee® web site and to share with advertisers. for example, uvee® may tell an advertiser that x number of individuals visited a certain area on our uvee® web site, or that y number of men and z number of women filled out our registration form, but uvee® would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
finally, uvee® never uses or shares the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
the uvee® commitment to data security:
to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, uvee® has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information uvee® collects online.
the uvee® commitment to children's privacy:
protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. for that reason, uvee® never collects or maintains information at our uvee® web site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our uvee® web site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
how you can access or correct your information:
you can simple request all your personally identifiable information that uvee® collects online and maintains. we use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
how to contact us:
should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us. contact: uvee® team





to the top




all products are designed and manufactured by uvee bv in belgium.
uvee bv - oudepastoriestraat 6 - b-3390 tielt-winge - belgium
  vat: be0537708018 - tel: +32475606433 / +32475681322
  powered by w3.css
  copyright (c) uvee bv, 1995-2024



