




































    
    medical billing, patient statements, medical billing software, salemoh
  
  















              40+ years of experience


    


 
    home



  about



  services


   electronic medical billing



  accounts receivable cleanup



  practice management and billing software



  electronic claims processing



  electronic patient statement & patient billing



  patient eligibility & insurance verification



  commercial invoicing



  consulting and practice





  testimonials



  contact






 
  

contact us








    
 





       
 electronic medbilling and associates is your right solution for your medical billing needs. they bring to the table years of experience and will always fight for
your needs
 our main goal is to minimize your cost, increase your bottom line by maximizing your reimbursement
   

services




   our story keep your business in business with the help of electronic medbilling & associates. based in salem, ohio, we offer advanced medical billing services at competitive rates for clinics nationwide. with 40+ years of experience, we know just what you need for your business!   

learn more




   reliable
medical billing

in ohio & nationwide     

  medical billing solutions
our billing services will help to increase the cash flow in your office   

medical billing solutions




  

  statement solutions
patient statements & commercial print/mail invoice delivery   

print and mail service






  

  call us
call today for a free analysis! priority payment is our #1 priority!   

call us








   medical billing solutions if you're looking for high, quality, and personal service, you've come to the right place!at electronic medbilling & assoc. we will give you the attention and personal service you will come to expect and appreciate. at electronic medbilling & associates we provide a more cost effective and efficient approach for processing of your medical insurance claims. by outsourcing your insurance management and patient pay accounting, you can drastically increase the performance of your healthcare practice.specializing in
medical billing and
patient billing, we provide easy transitions from an internal billing standpoint to outsourcing to our agency. our goal is to help you receive the money you're owed quickly and easily.   

learn more


  




    


 electronic statement solutions we turn ordinary documents into effective patient communications by applying business rules to individualize and personalize documentscreating innovative design formats that enhance paymentproviding e-services that improve customer service and accelerate cash flow our national associate is committed to the goal of improving the healthcare system through patient friendly billing. our statement services are designed to be both patient friendly and effective. design and technical features such as our top-line summary and patient payment portal help:reduce administrative costsimprove account receivablesincrease collectionsautomate your invoicing process and get paid faster!


   we care about you!    electronic medical billingfast-reliable-accurate billing processeselectronic laser color patient statementselectronic claims clearinghouse-edireal time eligibility and insurance verification
 revenue cycle managementpractice management softwareprint and mail serviceselectronic invoice statement deliverybusiness to business-electronic commercial invoices





   our features


          


  




















 real-time claim submission real-time claim submission gives you on-demand visibility into your claim and enables real-time results. no more waiting until the next day to see claim acceptances or rejections!



       
















 report financials & dashboards view 125+ report 
templates and modify them with the ease of drag-and-drop fields, filters, grouping, and charting, allowing you to view the financial performance & health of your account.



      















 patient processing & payment streamline front office registration and payment processes with our integrated payment processing 
and payment portal, designed to help your office staff work more efficiently and accurately.  





           












 claim control this medical billing software generates patient and payer collection worklists with automated, prioritized follow-up tasks that boost your collections productivity and improve financial performance.



       
















 scheduling our appointment scheduler can be easily customized 
to fit your needs in addition to configuring scheduling rules that will help maximize the physician's time, while optimizing your front-office and back-office workflow.



        


  


  


  




















 get paid fast our customers work less and get paid faster thanks to our 99% first pass claim acceptance 
rates, 29% higher than the national average! you too can experience exceptional first pass claim acceptance rates (fpa) with this great software.





   
 

get paid faster! unlimited eclaimsprofessional & institutional billing100% real-time claim submissionclaim follow-up module
 
 

kpi dashboard analyticsover 125+ reportscustom report builderrvu & facility reporting
 
 

integrated ehrs avoid duplicate data entryreal-time data capturestreamlined workflowsfree integration


   contact info at electronic medbilling & associates, we tear down the walls that divide the clinical office side of your business by offering individualized healthcare consullting services focused on getting you paid.       






 (330)-332-3115(330)-332-9223 (fax)


      





 salem, oh 44460


      









    mon - fri
 9:00 am 
- 5:00 pm


 sat - sun
appointment only







 contact info  contact us
   name:

 email:

 phone:

 message:






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.









         provider payment
is our no#1 priority & always will be.we care about you and your medical billing needs!
   

let's talk!







   
330-332-3115salem, oh 44460


     © 2025 
all rights reserved | electronic med billing



















































































































  
  share by:








