



utley offshore plc
















































01744 850552sales@utleyoffshore.co.ukmenuoffshore

h120 doors
h120 windows
a60 doors
a60 windows


marine

examples
portlights
windows
water-tight doors & hatches
fire doors
b15 – a60


foundry

examples
bronze
aluminium
cast iron
steel
nickel
stainless steel
volume or prototype production


bells
overhead line

tower keys & sockets
wristlets
flag boxes


fabrication

flame cutting
architectural fabrication


military

doors & windows
emp, blast & ballistic


contact








 





established 

1881 

over 140 years of service to the maritime industry 

portholes and windows 

for rms titanic 

suppliers of the ship bell 







offshore oil & gas 

industry 

suppliers to the worldwide  







ministry of defence 

specialist contractor for the uk 


 


company profilethe company was founded in 1881 by the late thomas utley and now operates from a new factory complex, purpose-built in 1991. the company has a well-established workforce which ensures reliability of product and delivery.core valueshighest quality in all aspects of our business
commitment to long term, ongoing customer satisfaction
respect for the individual
long term profitability and growth
client basethe company has a large multinational client base and is a main contractor to the uk ministry of defence. in 1991 the company became a plc. all designs are prepared on a networked computer-aided system using autocad.


operating philosophies




we must all be quality and cost conscious and customer orientated to survive and achieve long term growth.
we will hire the best people available.
teamwork, flexibility and participation are the key to company success and job security.
decision making will be done at the most appropriate level.
fair treatment, personal integrity and trust must underlie all actions.
all employees must assume responsibility for personal development. the company will provide guidance, resources and opportunities to assist development.
an effective open communication system will exist.
our compensation system will reward employees for performance.
we are committed to a safe, clean working environment and will be a responsible corporate citizen.
we are committed to an ongoing research and development program.





our location
















our address
utley offshore plc
silverdale house
abbotsfield road industrial estate
st. helens
merseyside wa9 4hu
tel: 01744 850552





© copyright utley offshore plc 2018





menu







