










reel to reel repair, tascam, akai, teac, technics, sony, vintage electronic repair, tape to cd recording, tape to cd, tape to cd transfer












reel to reel repair & restorationteac akai sony pioneer technics revox tascams fostex uher sansui robert's panasonic and more!joe stumpf, an electronics engineering technology graduate with 20+ years of experience, specializes in reel to reel repair and restoration. he services brands like teac, akai, sony, pioneer, technics, revox, tascam, fostex, uher, sansui, roberts, panasonic, marantz, mcintosh, fender, and leak, among others.restoration includes thorough repair of even minor electronic issues, returning equipment to like-new electronic (or better) condition.â  turnaround time is usually 7-10 business days. see customer testimonials in the guest book.equipment is carefully packaged, insured, and shipped via ups.joe's experience includes work at westinghouse (military defense electronics) and sopha medical systems (medical imaging). he's skilled in analog and digital circuits, solid state and old tube technology, rf transmitters (fcc licensed), and is a ham radio operator.here's what to do to get it repaired:1: email ( preferred ) joeystumpf@hotmail.com with the make and modelâ  â  â  number. briefly describe the problems2: you'll receive a cost estimate and shipping address (alamogordo, nm).3: ship your unit (call ups for pickup or drop it off).4: receive an email invoice upon completion.5: pay via paypal or personal check. tracking information will be provided.send units only (no power cords, no tape reels, no plastic covers they can break, remove decorative wooden side panels or decorative wooden outer shells if your unit has those but do not remove plastic or wooden back covers because the electronics need to be protected do not remove the back cover exposing electronics. some units have beautiful wooden features that can come off and these are better kept at home due to the possibility of shipping damage to the fine wood ).ship only by upspayment is due upon completion.i can design and implement modifications for improved performance or if some electronic parts are unavailable.occasionally, reconditioned units (teac, tascam, fostex, akai, sansui, sony, roberts, etc.) are available for sale. my primary focus is repairing existing equipment.contact joe via email (preferred) joeystumpf@hotmail.com or call 1-575-434-9190 (mountain time). leave a message if he's unavailable.â  â â reel to reel repairâ teac akai sony pioneer technics revox tascams fostex uher sansui â robert's panasonic and more!








you can track your ups packages. â using the below ups online tool. â just enter the ups tracking number and click track.teac a-4070 reel to reel repair i didâ  it is a bi-directional reel to reel speeds are 3.75 and 7.5akai 330d handles 10 inch reelsâ sony tc-580 reel to reel speeds 1 7/8, 3 3/4, 7 1/2 bi-directional in play and recordplease e-mail all repair inquiries directly to â joeystumpf@hotmail.comto see customer comments â click view entriessome of the reel to reel repair restorations i've doneantique radio restorationuploadedjoesfilestube amplifierakai 230d bi-directional speeds 3 3/4, 7 1/2akai gx-370d bi directional in play & recordâ speedsâ are 3 3/4 &71/2â â sony tc-377 3 heads 3 speeds of 7 1/2, 3 3/4 and 1 7/8reel to reel repair

website designed at homestead™ create a website and list your business










