
































































the times of northwest indiana | breaking news | read munster, in and indiana breaking news. get latest news, events and information on indiana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















0°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



lake county



porter county



laporte county



state & regional



education



politics



nation & world



nwi blogs



news tip



business




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




sports


nwi preps



preps scoreboard



college



columnists



mlb



nhl



mls



nba



nfl



betting




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnist




lifestyles


art & theater



event calendar



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



pets



fashion



people



travel



faith



outdoors




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios


the times media company


southland




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



bosak auto



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

bosak auto








0°
fair
























        
        
            hannah hidalgo scores 19 points as no. 1 notre dame uses strong second half to beat no. 11 duke

notre dame, which moved up to no. 1 for the first time in more than six years earlier in the day, won its 18th game in a row and 17th consecutive conference matchup.

















        
        
            cactus league report: chicago cubs and white sox to face off in a spring training game this week

the white sox are gearing up for their cactus league opener saturday against the cubs at sloan park.

















        
        
            indiana-based automotive distributor founded by governor ordered to pay millions in epa settlement

meyer distributing, once led by gov. mike braun, violated the clean air act by manufacturing devices that stop the operation of emission controls on cars.

















        
        
            savor the south shore restaurant week returns with banh mi and beignets

beignets to banh mi: the region’s restaurant week starts this week, whose lineup highlights the diversity of options around the south shore.

















        
        
            indiana senate approves property tax plan that targets local government

supporters called it the first step toward delivering $1.4 billion in property tax relief, particularly in communities with soaring residential property values.

















        
        
            indiana takes step to begin negotiating revised borders with illinois

a house committee approved legislation monday allowing indiana to negotiate with illinois about the hoosier state absorbing up to 33 secessionist illinois counties.

















        
        
            east chicago central's dominique murphy becomes city's all-time leading scorer

dominique murphy became the all-time leading scorer for east chicago saturday evening against cathedral. murphy surpassed former nba guard e'twaun moore.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            indiana takes step to begin negotiating revised borders with illinois



















        
        
            gallery: recent arrests booked into lake county jail


















        
        
            indiana senate approves property tax plan that targets local government















                
                the latest



















        
        
            northwest indiana neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published today in the times. 





















        
        
            219 news now 2/18/2025

video provided in partnership with the times, jedtv and wjob. sponsored by strack & van til. 





















        
        
            february 17 recap: northwest indiana news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from the times. 




















        
        
            centier bank and captrust named among state's top workplaces by indiana chamber

centier bank in merrillville and captrust in chesterton were named among the top workplaces in the state by the indiana chamber of commerce.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            get healthy: medical report: groundbreaking procedure treats severe tricuspid regurgitation

we are experiencing a paradigm shift in the treatment of tricuspid regurgitation.




















        
        
            219 news now: coroner identifies 2 dead in murder-suicide at merrillville gas station

here’s your 219 news now for february 17, 2025. coroner identifies 2 dead in murder-suicide at merrillville gas station. check out these top stories and more in the times and nwi.com. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly.





















        
        
            high school sports extra: 2/17/25 - valpo ends hammond central run, heads back to semi-state

high school sports extra - valpo ends hammond central run, heads back to semi-state. this edition of high school sports extra is provided in partnership with the times, jedtv and wjob. sponsored by strack & van til, midwest express and center 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            219 news now 2/18/2025




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: east chicago's all-time leading scorers

east chicago's dominique murphy became the cardinals all-time leading scorer saturday night at a matchup against cathedral. 




















        
        
            local prep schedule

here's a look at the upcoming prep basketball schedule




















        
        
            local college results from thursday, feb. 13, 2025

here's a look at local college basketball results




















        
        
            girls basketball playoff pairings 2025

girls basketball playoff pairings 2025













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            does the weather affect your business's success? 7 considerations for spring

contributor content. here are seven considerations to help your business stay prepared, adapt to the quirks and make the most of everything spring has to offer. 












partner








        
        
            read the label: how to spot potential dangers in processed foods

get healthy. the u.s. food and drug administration requires nutrition labels on most packaged food items, and gaining a basic understanding of the information they reveal can guide you toward making healthier dietary choices.












partner








        
        
            don’t make yourself sick: check out these tips to avoid foodborne illness

get healthy. according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention, foodborne illnesses affect 48 million americans each year.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            hampton inn & suites



                                        1451 s silhavy rd, valparaiso, in 46383
                                    






























        
        
            city of east chicago



                                        4525 indianapolis blvd, east chicago, in 46312
                                    






 website






























        
        
            media resources



                                        4450 belden village st nw ste 502, canton, oh 44718
                                    



 website







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram







subscribe to the times

about us

contact us

legal notices

newspaper archives



sites & partners


featured sections

best of the region

buy local deals

regional crime report

the times media company

northwest indiana calendar

online features

in business

southland

get healthy




services


manage your subscription

e-edition

send a news tip

donation request

work here

rss feeds

e-newsletter sign-up 

submit an event

submit a celebration

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the times, 601 w. 45th ave. munster, in 46321
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe






crime

subscribe






entertainment & dining

subscribe






latest news

subscribe






local sports

subscribe






nwi prep sport news

subscribe






weather alerts

subscribe

























