 





constables' office – hampden county, massachusetts











































 








skip to content










constables' office


							hampden county, massachusetts						












  
home
services
training
ethics
history
news
contact





 













constables’ office is a full time legal process division with a mailing address of 100 center street, #6, chicopee, ma 01014-0819 (usa). we offer personally scheduled training for other (potential or appointed) constables, deputies, or anyone desiring a related career in law enforcement.
as of august 18th 2021 we are nra certified instructors including basic firearms home safety. this training meets the requirements to apply for your license to carry training, or ltc training. we offer smaller classes (more individualized attention,) weekly in the springfield area, as well as metro west, the north shore and north central massachusetts.
we develop and distribute a relational database program called “sheriffs’ office” for use in sheriff’s, constable’s, process server’s, and investigator’s offices throughout the country. for a demo, or more information about how your office can take advantage of this software, contact us today!
established november 7, 1991 we now approach our 30th anniversary serving the community, locally, nationally and worldwide. in 1993, we organized a specialized team of highly trained and experienced officers whose primary duties are devoted to locating, apprehending and renditing, criminal and civil offenders relative to unpaid child support obligations. as a result of our efficacy in this area, we are the office of choice to many government agencies and courts within the commonwealth of massachusetts. if you know someone who is owed child support, tell them to call our hot-line at (413) 592-8100 (0900 to 1800 hours). 


























 

copyright © 2025 constables' office. all rights reserved.theme: colormag by themegrill. powered by wordpress.  







 












