









nutrition support, the parenteral & enteral nutrition group - peng










skip to main content









the parenteral and enteral nutrition groupa specialist group of the british dietetic association


 login
contact us

toggle navigation













the parenteral and enteral nutrition group - a specialist group of the british dietetic association




about us

chair's welcome
current activities
peng committee
peng constitution


clinical update

education & research

peng study day & webinars
annual peng awards
peng 40th birthday awards
espen award
online learning modules
peng stream at the annual bda research symposium
panel session
the feeding tube challenge


events diary

publications & resources

publications
pocket guide
pocket guide q&a
presentations

resources
prescribing
dietetic outcomes toolkit
resources for hcps
resources for patients & hcps
diet sheets
links


join us

hcp forums

hef group





members' section

login/register
welcome
webinars
e-penlines
annual meeting & presentations
recently published peng articles
clinical nutrition & enteral nutritionsupport abstracts
journal of human nutrition & dietetics
peng agm minutes
diet sheets
peng constitution





















promoting excellence in nutrition support
the parenteral and enteral nutrition group (peng) was established in 1984 as a specialist group of the british dietetic association (bda). it is a founder group of bapen. over the years peng has gained national and international reputation as a recognised authority on both practical and academic aspects of nutritional support. today, peng strives to support its network of dietitians to deliver excellence in nutritional care through appropriate oral, enteral and parenteral nutrition.
learn more








registration is now open peng: msc clinical update course june 2025

find out more








bapen edgbaston course for clinical nutrition team development
 a three day event focused on developing multidisciplinary nutrition teams. the course will offer insights into screening, oral, enteral and parenteral nutrition. mon 19th – wed 21st may 2025. teams of 4-6 members, expected to include a dietitian, nutrition nurse specialist and a physician
find out more









peng espen award 2025
peng are offering an exciting opportunity for a peng member to win an educational grant of up to £1500 towards the cost of conference fees, accommodation, and travel to espen 2025!

find out more


























promoting excellence in nutrition support ›











clinical update course june 2025 ›











edgbaston course ›











espen award 2025 ›














latest news

added: 24th january 2025
espen award 2025
peng are offering an exciting opportunity for a peng member to win an educational grant of up to £1500 towards the cost of conference fees, accommodation, and travel to espen 2025!
find out more

added: 7th january 2025
bapen edgbaston course for clinical nutrition team development
a three day event focused on developing multidisciplinary nutrition teams. the course will offer insights into screening, oral, enteral and parenteral nutrition. mon 19th – wed 21st may 2025. teams of 4-6 members, expected to include a dietitian, nutrition nurse specialist and a physician.
find out more


read all news



join us

join peng
some of the membership benefits currently available to you as a peng member:

a chance each year to win one of the five free places on the clinical update course (value £950).
free bapen membership for all peng members and the associated benefits of this
entitlement to reduced rates for the peng pocket guide to clinical nutrition.
access to members' section of peng website.
peng e-newsletter direct to members, packed with news and updates.
and more..

join now

join the virtual hef group
the virtual hef group is an e-mail and web-based forum for discussions about home enteral feeding.
read more





peng pocket guide

we are delighted to announce that individual sales of the peng pocket guide are now available in addition to continuing with bulk orders. if you have been waiting to order, we thank you for your patience. for more details and to place an order please visit here


free bapen membership
peng is a core group of bapen, all members of peng are entitled to sign up to become a bapen member free of charge.
            
login to your bda account here where you will find the special link to join bapen for free.



peng clinical update course




winner of the 2018 cn award for nutrition resource of the year


find out more about the course















quick links

peng pocket guide to clinical nutrition
annual peng awards
clinical update
resources for hcps


latest news
site map
disclaimer
privacy & cookies



follow us on twitter
follow us on instagram




supporting organisations




peng work collaboratively with nurses in nutrition facilitated through the nnng.



© 2023 peng. all rights reserved.














