





eastcoastaholic - eastcoastaholic



















































skip to content









go skateboarding or just go do something! 

facebookinstagram 



 

















 


search for:








homeportfolioportfoliofor hire / real estatetravel/actionnature/artcontactfeaturesskatespotsskatersvideostore



 






loading...

























































eastcoastaholicocnsky2020-05-01t18:44:09+00:00

nags head ymca
makes sense to go ahead with the y nags head page. the timeline is about right. at this time 2003 , it is what were skating after the wanchese bowl. check out the pics, and go give me a follow on insta @eastcoastaholic.com for updates.
go here for morewanchese beginnings 

4/19/2020: like any large project, things must blossom from humble beginnings. i have folders and html pages full of great skateboarding memories from the last 18 years. i’m positive some of you want to see them. as much as i have wanted to rebuild this worthless site, i’m usually trudging head first into what lies over the horizon trying to get something built or maintained for some camping or sailing, etc… the last ten years for me have been full of many great things and a lot of hard work, but let us take a step back and build these eca archives a home again. it’s always been my thought that social media kind of laid waste to skate zines, web zines etc… i’m like you, i love new content with the best of them, but things get so buried, it’s hard to find certain pics, or spots. i’m just going to keep putting what i have in a place so that it’s easy to navigate. i’ll host your pics on the skater’s page if you feel like sending them. dm me @eastcoastaholic for an email so you can to send them with details. let’s get started with wanchese and work our way up from there. thanks for support! check out the pictures here!
get over there!



 
 





like us on facebook




 

find me on facebook




 

contact info


 

follow on instagram







follow on instagram





this error message is only visible to wordpress admins
error: no posts found.make sure this account has posts available on instagram.com. 

 

 
 
 





		copyright 02 - 2020 eastcoastaholic  @eastcoastaholic.com	


facebookinstagram
 
 
 
 


 
 


















