


sports psychology: mental training for peak athletic performance -the online source for applied sports psychology for every athlete.



sports psychology: mental training for peak athletic performance -the online source for applied sport psychology for every athlete.

sports psychology that elevates your game -the online source for applied sport psychology for every player.




"sports psychology: winning mind games for every athlete"





dr. relax


"...i was able to realize a dream...i set
            the world record in the bench press. thank you dr. beale for the
            dream of a life time."tammy
            dianda, powerlifter
a multi-part comprehensive psychological training program for athletes





cd
                        one




relaxation and imagery conditioning :



to train your body and mind to relax and
						perform at their best





cd
                        two



subliminal suggestion and self-programming :


to enhance the development and maintenance of a positive, winning attitude


other winning athletes who use our
            programs:
marion clignet,
            olympic silver medal, world champion
rick gunther,
            ultra-marathon world record
mark gilmartin, golfer
amateur champion
brock marion,
            defensive back
            miami dolphins
us parachute team,
            world record holders
rob kish,
            transcontinental record holder, raam winner
more winning athletes
register for the drawing for a free 
            personalized subliminal tape.

e-mail me



 
            free
            workbook|free
            cd|free
            newsletter|free
            affirmations
			|athletes|attitude|relaxation|visualization|subliminal|birthing| ordering|weight-control|traders|links|links2|privacy
			statement| ask dr. relax|
alternate
            site|contact|introduction|stop
            smoking
add
            your link
unlock the hidden powers of your mind and gain a competitive edge





a
                      unique, web-based system of individualized psychological
                      training now assures the development of a winning edge.
                      this powerful system is individually tailored to
                      incorporate each athlete's personal goals, own words, own
                      music and unique circumstances. 

                      every athlete who uses this two part, basic mental
                      training system is guaranteed to master the mental skills
                      needed to consistently perform at their best. 

                      through the use of personalized mp3 files or cds and free
                      telephone coaching with dr. beale,
                      this system teaches athletes, over a four-week period, how
                      to enter the ideal psychological state sometimes referred
                      to as "the zone". as a result of the unique and
                      powerful training and coaching, athletes quickly learn how
                      to apply the three basic skills of:






i.


voluntary relaxation/energy control




ii.


mental rehearsal




iii.


cognitive restructuring (attitude
                      enrichment)






research and experience have proven that peak
                        performance is the result of proper physical,
						nutritional and psychological training and preparation. most athletes and coaches are aware of and use proper physical
						and nutritional preparation but very few incorporate all three essential ingredient into their training regimen.
						with this low cost system of mental preparation every competitor can now include all three essential areas and
						as a result, perform more consistently at the top of their potential. our programs represent the latest advances
						in applied sport psychology.
the two part mental training programs in most sports
                        start at only
$99.99

we offer personalized
                        training programs for athletes in
                        all
						sports  including soccer,
                        golf, skating,
                        running, tennis,
                        football, cycling,
                        volleyball, alpine skiing,
                        nordic skiing, baseball,
                        skydiving, snowboarding,
                        powerlifting, basketball 
                        and
                        judo. we also make custom
                        subliminal cds for all sports.
order
                        
                        your comprehensive basic mental training program today
                        and start your journey down the path to even greater
                        success as a competitor. positive results are guaranteed
                        or your money back . we accept master card, visa,
                        american express and checks by phone, fax and e-mail. for
                        more information click
                        here  or
                        call (808) 261.1833 or toll free at (808) 285-6207.
click here 
                        to receive our free quarterly applied sport psychology
                        newsletter. click  here 
                        to review the issues.





m.w.
            prince hall grand lodge of hawaii





next




©copyright 1998, sierra center for peak performance









free
cd | free
e-zine | athletes|
attitude | relaxation
| visualization | subliminal | birthing | ordering |weight-control
|traders | links
| privacy statement
| ask
dr. relax|contact|refund|add
your link

hypnosis mp3 downloads

high quality hypnosis audio products available as cds and mp3s online. 
hypnotherapy sessions for health, well-being and personal development. 
free downloads available. 





dotpsychology.com




information and resources for psychological and
professionals services.




mental
skills
applied sport psychology services for athletes, coaches,
teams
and organizations.
paul gerni
professional pool trick shots champion
helps you to become world champion in billiards & pro pool.
 we provide trick shot entertainment services, training video, pool
accessories




