




















pets, barnyard animals and wildlife - health care for cats, dogs, horses and rabbits 















animal and pet health care and safety guide to caring for cats and dogs, deterring deer in the yard and garden, attracting wild birds, caring for your horse, increasing the life span of your rabbit and raising chickens. information on critters from the house to the barnyard.cats can be masters at disguising illness. learn to recognize illness in its initial stages.  a cat communicates both vocally and with its tail. find out what a swishing tail means in the cat tails article.many dogs suffer from allergies often brought on by the ingredients in their food. learn the symptoms of bloat in dogs and why it should be considered a true emergency. a guide to what plants, foods, and household items can be toxic to your pet.ways to deer proof your yard and garden using an integrated approach.  learn which plants are more deer resistant and some tips on attracting them away from your prized petunias.the wild bird section has tips on feeding and attracting blue birds and hummingbirds. build a blue bird house and learn how to start your own bluebird trail.  attracting hummingbirds is easy.  a clean feeder and fresh nectar will keep them humming around your  yard. first aid for horses and equine health. get  basic information on how to care for your new foal. the body condition score chart shows you whether your horse is thin, fit or fat.  explore the differences between the more popular poultry breeds and learn which chickens are better suited as layers than fryers. caring for chicks isn't difficult if you follow some essential guidelines.your rabbit can live a longer life given good basic care. it doesn't require a lot of room to raise a rabbit, but they do have specific feeding requirements and are sensitive to temperature fluctuations.help stop the spread of invasive weeds. guides to identify weeds and methods of controling  noxious weeds. calculate how much fence you will need to surround a given area using handy reference guides.your pet's first aid kitcatsdogswildlifehorseswild birdsrabbitspoultryfencing(formerly the feed and farm web site)3321 lupine lanestevensville, mt 59870contact

 


i am in favor of animal rights as well as human rights. that is the way of a whole human being. ~ abraham lincoln to top home | pets | wild birds | deer | horses | poultry | rabbits | fencing  | weeds | links | site map | contactweb site design by s&j enterprises - homestead website design



loading...







fda says no! to give a dog a bone ....graphic courtesy of the fda10 reasons why bones are not good for your dog.privacy policy


we all hope our pets never get injured, but minor injuries seem as much a part of having a cat or dog as they do when you have children! it's always good to be prepared to deal with pet first aid. for deep cuts, serious injuries and illness consult with your veterinarian.an old tackle box, sewing kit or tool box make good containers for your first aid kit. use a garbage bag that you can keep with your kit for large, bulkier items like a blanket or plastic storage bins (like the ones from rubbermaid) are great if you want to keep everything in one container. there are all sorts of small organizers you can purchase to keep the smaller contents of your kit from rattling around in the bin and make them easy to find. seek advice from your veterinarian on things like how much to dilute hydrogen peroxide and the correct dosage to give in the event your pet ingests a poison. type out these instructions and tape them to the inside of the lid on your kit along with your vet's phone number.items you need for your first aid kit for cats and dogs  protect your pets in the summer and help inform others about the dangers of leaving a pet unattended in a vehicle in the hot summer months.home    pets    wild birds    deer    horses    poultry    rabbits    fence info    weeds    links    site map   









