





 









home - valley north distributing









































 




skip to main content















920-869-2265
								call us today!
							












n6840 van boxtel rd, oneida, wi 54155
								where to find us
							














toggle navigation





home
products
services
equipment
materials
about us
contact
 








opening doorsto the future




















we build things with passion
valley north distributing, inc., located in oneida, wi, is a small, friendly, wholesale business that has been assisting contractors in the residential and commercial markets of northeast wisconsin and beyond since 1978.
valley north distributing would like to be a leading provider of doors, millwork and hardware in the midwest.  we can supply all of your millwork needs for commercial and multi-family projects; specializing in hollow metal doors & frames, architectural doors, timely frames, and door hardware; as well as offering bathroom accessories, rubbermaid shelving, and fire extinguishers.
our experienced sales staff will work closely with you.  from detailed quoting through ordering and set-up right up to delivery, even visiting your job site, when necessary.  we are there every step of the way!  valley north distributing continues to learn and grow with the times.  we take pride in our work and the relationships we have with our customers.  we strive to exceed our customer’s expectations!
















stair railings



residential/commercial doors



locks and hardware



closet doors





happy clients



“why i believe that valley north is the best supplier in the area:
dealing with valley north distributing has been a great pleasure of mine. when we call for anything they are fast responding, shipping is real timely, as always the service reps are outstanding. i can call at anytime and be helped almost immediately. friendly service and also a great facility. thanks valley north for all your hard work and making sure your customers are satisfied.”

jason heide
acc management group, inc.



“delivered to this facility 01/22/18. arrived after hours and was planning on spending the night on their property. chris was very courteous and professional. he got me unloaded and out of there quick. thanks!”

travis quesada
delivery driver















search for:






recent commentsarchives


categories

no categories 
meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 










about us 
valley north distributing

doors – millwork – hardware
valley north distributing, inc. is a small, friendly, wholesale business that has been assisting contractors in the residential and commercial markets of northeast wisconsin and beyond since 1978.

 



quick links • home
• products
• materials
• services 
• equipment
• about us
• contact us

 



contact info n6840 vanboxtel road
oneida, wi 54155
local
920-869-2265
 
toll free
1-866-773-4864 or 1-866-773-4264

 



office hours 
mon – fri: 7am – 3:30pm

saturday: closed

sunday: closed

 








						© 2025 copyright valley north distributing. all rights reserved.
					

						website developed by packerland websites 




















