




            onion breeding program at nmsu | new mexico state university | be bold. shape the future.
        



































skip to main content















close









popular links





 aggie one stop
                    

 campus maps
                    

 crimson connection
                    

 mynmsu
                    

 phonebook
                    








information for





 future students
                    

 parents & families
                    

 faculty & staff
                    

 alumni & friends
                    

 athletics
                    































                jump to
              

aces
academics
research
extension & outreach





college of agricultural, consumer, and environmental sciences
academics
research
extension & outreach
 aces links








search





search









            menu 































close






popular links

academic calendars
campus maps
mynmsu
nmsu phonebook
athletics


information for

future students
parents & families
faculty & staff
alumni & friends
















new mexico state university
onion breeding program

















home


about


history


industry


cultivars


consumption


projects



                                        resources
                                    



publications
fun facts
healthy facts
nutrition facts
recipes & tips
onion story
trivia

















onion breeding program at nmsu
this website contains information catering to the needs of three different categories of people.

academic: for students and researchers interested in this program.
general: for people who are interested in knowing about onions, trivia, recipes, and fun facts about onions.
growers: pertaining to cultivars, statistics, and production information that best suit the needs of growers.

seed source information
students & researchers: if you are a student or researcher looking to do a study with our varieties, small seed samples can be sent to you. please contact dr. chris cramer with your request.
growers: if you are a grower looking for seeds of our varieties or seed sources of 'numex' onion varieties, please contact these commercial sources:
contact information for seed sources:



lockhart seeds, inc.  rob gobleck  575.644.5712

dp seeds  yuma, az  928.341.8494



cordor seed production  yuma, az  928.627.8803

3 star lettuce  gonzales, ca  831.675.3790




please keep in mind, that seeds of exclusively released varieties are available from dp seeds (numex radiance, numex serenade), condor seed production (numex mirage), or 3 star lattuce (numex grandeur, numex fabian garcia)
homeowners: if you are a homeowner looking for seeds of our varieties, retail outlets have not started carrying our varieties. we are working on getting a retail source for our varieties.

contact us
dr. chris cramer new mexico state university  department of plant and environmental sciences  p.o. box 30003 msc 3q  las cruces, nm 88003-0003  phone: 575-646-2657  fax: 575-646-6041  email: cscramer@nmsu.edu




















 onion breeding program





chris cramer

    +1 (575) 646-2657   
    cscramer@nmsu.edu   












 about

college of agricultural, consumer, and environmental sciences

dean's message

mission & vision





resources


publications


aces heroes


aces calendar


faculty & staff directory


aces social media


locate your county extension office


statewide ag science centers


aces magazine


aces news








the college of agricultural, consumer, and environmental sciences (aces) is an engine for economic and community development in new mexico, improving the lives of new mexicans through research, academic programs, and extension. learn more about our mission and programs.
nmsu and usda are equal opportunity/affirmative action employers and educators: read the full non-discrimination and accommodation statements.







© 2024 new mexico state university - board of regents 
























college of agricultural, consumer, and environmental sciences (aces)






extension how-to publications








nm 4-h program










aces alumni & sam steel








aces quick links











begin your future. be an aggie.
explore the many exciting opportunities to shape your future at new mexico state university.






apply




visit




give













































