



blue needle - seattle web development & internet information consultants









 





blue needle

about   /
services   /

about myk   /
office hours   /
contact




 / about blue needle
blue needle is a web development and internet information consultancy services firm
                    located in seattle washington and led by myk oleary.  we are able to help startups, individual, and small to medium sized 
                    business with a full range of services from
                    web design and application development to domain name registration to hosting solutions to search
                    engine optimization.  if you need a home on the internet or need to fix up the one you
                    have, give us a call to set up a free informational interview to determine your needs.
                    

                    see the services section for examples of what we're 
                    able to offer.  we offer these services on both a contract and retainer basis 
                    for full flexibility to meet your needs.  all work is detailed ahead of time so 
                    that you know what to expect and when to expect it.
                    

                    once you've contracted to work with us, you'll be provided quick access to 
                    updates and questions via phone or e-mail.  we strive for the quickest turn 
                    around possible, but depending on the hour of contact and scope of the request, 
                    we may not be able to fully service it until the next day.
                    
recommendations

recommendations for blue needle

( ^top )
/ services

                    broken out below are our most commonly requested 
                    services.  if you're in need of a solution or just plain old 
                    good advice on a topic not listed, just let us know and we'll 
                    tell you if we can help.
                    
internet presence

domain name research and reservation
web site hosting research and reservation
search engine optimization
web site creation and maintanance
linking web site to back end database for dynamic content
creating asp, 
                        ror,
                        jsp, or 
                        php 
                        based web applications
email solutions that match your domain name
usability studies of your web site

business services

internet service provider reccomendations (your 'pipe' to the internet)
cell phone plan optimization
computer equipment reccomendations
wireless network creation
web browsing monitoring solutions
web content filtering solutions
training and knowledege transfer sessions
hardware and software procurement
asset management

marketing

do you even need a web site?
what web site features fit your customer base
adding value to your web site to create reasons to return
creating and interpreting web site logs and statistics reports

( ^top )

 / about myk (mini cv)
summary

                    i have worked on projects in the following industries/sectors: internet presence provision, operating system software, mobile software, mobile pim (personal information management) software, home networking software, online music concerts, video collaboration, and home energy usage. 
                    
priorities

                    my priorities with any project are team, culture, and product over the technologies used to build it. i have been around the block enough to adapt to unknown technologies, but you can't easily retrofit a good cultural fit or a poorly situated product. 
                    
specialties

css based presentation; javascript programming including use of ajax, dom, jquery, and jquery plugins; dynamic content presentation via php, ror (ruby on rails), jsp/velocity, and asp.
localizing applications built in ror and java - interfacing with localizers, coding the presentation layer to accept localizations, maintaining localization files, and adapting back end code to support localization.
bridging the communication gap between marketing/smbs and the technology that enables them.

skills
java, spring, velocity, hibernate, maven, ant, apache, tomcat, mysql, rest, json, selenium, perforce, tortoise svn, cvs, git, visual source safe, bugzilla, jira, black flag, team track, raid and other bug tracking systems, eclipse, visual studio, windows, solaris, linux, mac os x, bash, skype, webex, irc, agile, scrum, open source software, open source licensing, social media, localization, advanced css, javascript, jquery, php, ruby on rails, jsp, asp, html/xml, html5
resumes

full resume for myk oleary

text resume for myk oleary

recommendations

linkedin recommendations for myk oleary

( ^top )


























content copyright 2021 myk o'leary
3rd party resources used



                "if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?" -- hall of fame basketball player/coach john wooden. 
            




 / shout outs

(most) social media icons by 
javascript goodness provided by 
swanky icons provided by 
fancy fonts provided by 



 / contact

 myk's email address is mykoleary@gmail.com
 myk's google voice number is 206-428-7973
 myk's gtalk id is mykoleary@gmail.com
 myk's skype alias is blueneedle




 / got time?

            this icon shows the active consulting state of blue needle.  we sometimes find incredible companies that are so dazzling that
            we dedicate all of our resources to them alone.
        

 - we are available
 - we are very busy & might have time
 - we are fully booked




 / office hours

            while myk is open to client communication at any time, he also runs a 30 minute open "office hours" weekly on mondays at 11am pacific.
            he accepts chat messages (but no calls) via gtalk or skype.
        

            during these office hours, he'll accept contact from anyone whatsoever looking for advice or guidance at no cost.
            realize that he may be in touch with multiple people at one time, so answers may be brief and may direct you to urls.  if you
            want more in depth help, you can contact us via email to get a one on one session at our regular rate.
        

 myk's email address is mykoleary@gmail.com
 myk's gtalk id is mykoleary@gmail.com
 myk's skype alias is blueneedle




 / satisfaction!

                holly hicks - http://ultimatewebsitehost.com

                    "ultimatewebsitehost.com has greatly benefitted from the services of blueneedle.com.  
                    we've come to rely on the fast, efficient, and professional skills that they provide to us on a regular basis."
                



                joseph 'joey' lee - http://datingtech.com

                    "when myk o'leary puts his mind to creating anything internet oriented, all things are possible. 
                    the creativity level of a firm at this level is unsurpassed. more sites should take advantage of capable designers and 
                    developers as they are vital resources. blue needle is one such resource."
                



                sandy - http://www.christianbistro.com

                    "i have no hesitation in recommending blue needle. myk did a great job - he was fast, 
                    efficient, and knowledgeable. i'd highly recommend him.  myk was a pleasure to work with - great personality 
                    and good communicator! i'd recommend or use him again with confidence. a++"
                



                steve burris - http://www.tradewiser.com

                    "blueneedle.com provides professional, courteous, dependable service."
                



                hauser trucks -  http://www.hausertruck.com

                     "myk o'leary is professional, dependable, creative and always willing to go the extra
                     mile.  it's refreshing to work with someone who not only knows what he is talking about but who will 
                     actually get back to you promptly!
                     
                     myk has been instrumental in getting our website up and running.  always open to suggestions he is constantly 
                     looking for new ways to improve the website.  working with myk has been a pleasure, it is a shame there are not 
                     more people like him out in the world."
                







