








el mexicano























































menu


home
about us

our story
our awards


products

cheeses
creams
yogurts
meats
desserts
other products


recipes
videos
blog
contact us
 





















 



 



 



 



 




 
 

 










embracing our culture and values through our brand!
 



delivering premium authentic products with the highest standards of quality and freshness since 1981.
 
 

 













 
 

 










ready to enjoy our products?
 



follow us for quick and delicious recipes!
 






 



 



 



 
 
 








 



  



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 




 
 







 
 








get to know us better...
 
 















variety and quality 


see products

 

 
 













traditional flavors 


  see recipes  

 

 
 













our ads 


see videos

 

 
 













entertainment 


   see events   

 

 
 

 













 
 

 










about our products
 





quality standards


el mexicano® has maintained high standards in service and product quality that have contributed to the consumer's preference for our products. continuously striving to ensure that our products are of the highest quality and authenticity. assuring customers and the final consumer the highest quality in all our finished products and services. which is why we have been awarded both the iso award and the silliker award for quality control.



awards


year after year, our quality has been recognizedread more



recipes


bringing sabor to your table!read more 

 
 






quality certifications
 






  real milk seal. certification stamp issued by the american dairy association that producers of dairy look to attain to give the consumer the certification of its contents and  manufacturing. american dairy producers are always looking for the best products for your family! 

real california milk. california has been the nation's leading dairy state since 1993, and is ranked first in the u.s. in the production of total milk, butter, ice cream, yogurt, nonfat dry milk, and whey protein concentrate. 

halal. the term halaal refers to the set of practices permitted by islam. although the term itself encompasses all types of practices, it is commonly associated with food acceptable under sharia, or islamic law. halaal certification is widespread throughout the islamic world and consumers take it as a reference when purchasing their products in supermarkets. 

kosher. the hebrew word kosher means everything that relates to kosher dietary law. kosher foods are permitted to be consumed and can be used as ingredients in the production of additional food. 



 
 

 












learn more about our company

 
 

 










site map
 


 



home
products
recipes
blog
videos
contact us
faqs
 
 






sales
 


 



it is relatively easy to become a distributor of our authentic mexican products. we only require that distributors adhere to our general guidelines with respect to the distribution and handling of our products. we provide our distributors with all the support and assistance that they need in order to succeed in this effort. if you would like to become part of our product distributors, contact our headquarter offices at the following. 
 






contact us
 


 








 



marquez brothers international, inc.corporate headquarters5801 rue ferrari, san jose, ca. 95138-1857(800) 858-1119(408) 960-2700(408) 960-3213 fax. 
 

 










marquez brothers international, inc. / copyright notice this website and its contents are the copyright of marquez brothers international, inc. 2007- current. the materials and content on the website may be copied for non-commercial personal use only and are subject to the terms and conditions of use of this website.
 



transparency in supply chains act (civil code section 1714.43) disclosure statement 
 

 

 








facebookyoutubeinstagramtwitterpinterest












