







aw pottery – "because plants need homes too"





























































 










skip to content






aw pottery 





home
about
policies
contact us 

wholesale membership


project galleries
catalogs
 




site search



search for:

search
 






















“because plants need home too”


we offer quality



buyers satisfication


nature inspired



best products 












product categories
plants need homes. shop our selection of clay ceramic pots & planters. plant a flower or vegetable garden anywhere!





















 





	fiber stone, zinc & metal collection












 





	garden arts & home furnishing accessories












 





	fiesta glazed collections












 





	sea collection












 





	rustic collection












 





	nina vi collection












 





	granite collection












 





	project galleries












 





	announcement



















how we make the pottery


how to make pottery



kneading pottery clay



hand coiled pottery



hand painting pottery

































aw pottery atlanta now carries italian pottery from sienna. we will discuss more on the history of making terra-cotta pots
since ancient times, man has learned to combine these three elements ot create terracotta artifacts.here in petroio, this ancient craft has been handed down to this dav and fapa the italian manufacturing company we purchased our supplies continues the ancient tradition by producing handcrafted terracotta products for interior and garden furnishing.the production of terracotta begins with the choice of raw materials, clay, tuff and water which are combined in the right proportion to obtain the suitable mixture to start the processing of a terracotta product.

























 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 

















we now carry italian terra-cotta
please browse our italian terra-cotta potteries under the categories “nina vi collection”

























 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 














in manual processing, the craftsman distributes the clay mixture on a plaster mold, distributing it evenly over the entire part, trying to give the whole piece the right thickness and being careful to carefully scale the parts with a greater thickness and the points where the various parts of the mold come together so that there are no ‘raised’ and ‘wrinkles’ defects that should not exist in a well-made vase.
once this operation is completed, the vase is ‘turned out’ or removed from the parts on which it was built, with a plastic stick the ‘attachments’ (the points where the parts of the mold join) are removed and the other imperfections that exist and the whole surface of the vase is smoothed after which it is ‘sponged’ to give a rustic aspect to the artifact.









crafting beauty from earth: the art of handmaking pottery and transforming raw clay into stunning planters

























 












 












 












 












 























facebook
pinterest
twitter

© 2009 aw pottery atlanta3200 cumberland dr. chamblee, ga 30341tel: (770)-220-2900 fax: (770)-220-3090
 

business hours
monday - saturday9:00am - 5:00pmwinter hours may vary due to inclement weathers, please call ahead. 

we are closed on the following major holidays:

july 4th
labor day
thanksgiving
christmas day
 







					theme by colorlib powered by wordpress 










we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept















































