



marine & industrial transmissions | industrial transmission parts & equipment | driveline systems















































































































 






















contact uscontact usplease get in touch using the form below


name


first



last

email*

phonemessageprivacy* i agree to the privacy policy.due to gpdr data protection rules, we require you to confirm that you agree to us holding the above requested personal data and to contact you regarding your enquiry. we may also use your details to send you further product communications and news from mit. we do not pass your personal details onto any third parties.namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











98322

view our full privacy policy


contact for immediate assistance tel: +44 (0) 330 383 0333 email: info@mitgroup.co.uk





navigation



marine & industrial transmissions





home
primaryproducts

marine

marine gears & marine gearbox
electric propulsion

inboard
outboard
saildrives
electric ancillaries


hybrid boat motors & drives
power take-offs and clutches
pump drives
thrusters
controls and steering
propulsion
engine mounts
exhaust equipment
flywheel couplings
air compressors – marine applications
twin disc parts
oils & lubricants


land

torsional couplings
fluid couplings
clutches and power take-offs

hpto12 replacement clutch package


electric and hybrid drive systems
industrial pump drives
gearboxes & transmissions
brakes
hydraulic torque converters
engine mounts
industrial exhaust parts & equipment
industrial air compressors


industrial air compressors

rotary screw air compressors
reciprocating air compressors


off-highway

off-highway gearboxes & transmissions
off-highway torque converters
off-highway hydraulic pumps
off-highway hydraulic motors


spare parts

marine spare parts

twin disc parts


industrial spare parts
off-highway spare parts


reconditioned units


sectors

marine
marine electric propulsion
industrial & mining
off highway


stocklist
reconditioned units
service and repair

marine
industrial
start up services
preventative maintenance
spare parts
repair and breakdown
retrofitting services
service exchange
extended warranty
consultancy


partners

acm bearings
akg
amberline hydraulics
arneson by twin disc
bellmarine
blueline filtration
danfoss drives
deckma hamburg gmbh
genmark
quincy compressor
reich
reintjes
rolla by twin disc
rubber design
servogear
sh defence
technodrive by twin disc
twin disc
transfluid
veth propulsion by twin disc
zf


technical resources

request your owners manual
meet your expert
brochures
case studies
videos


news

news
events
technical articles
testimonials


contact
 


return to content









you are here: home

home 




we are exhibiting at irish skipper expo – 21st – 22nd march- find our more here









 
slide onedriving excellence since 1974driveline experts 









reconditioned units available for immediate delivery    view stock


marine




we provide complete driveline solutions from supply and design through to installation, servicing, repair and spare parts to all aspects of the marine industry.  applications include workboats, fishing, wind farm maintenance, tugs, military and pleasure craft. we can supply and support solutions for standard and hybrid marine transmissions, control systems, steering, trim tabs to fixed pitch propulsion, cpp, vibration and sound control.



read more
industrial & mining




experts in whole life support to equipment working in the most arduous environments including airfield maintenance, raw materials and mining, rock crushing, quarrying, building and construction, conveyor systems. from the simplest clutch or industrial gearbox installation to the more complicated hybrid driveline solution we deliver, drawing on our vast experience of working with carefully chosen component and spare parts suppliers.



read more
off highway




we are the experts in vehicle life extension, offering bumper-to-bumper diagnostics, servicing, repair and overhaul to a wide range of driveline systems. we are accredited twin disc and sides service providers and our engineer’s hold accreditation from detroit diesel, godiva, iveco, volvo, scania, dosifer, caterpillar. we offer life-extension solutions along with preventative care and emergency support.



read more
electric & hybrid




go green! we have a range of electric outboards, inbounds, motors and hybrid drive systems that can be fitted to new vessels and as a retrofit package. our motors deliver high torque and are very quiet in operation, providing emission-free, cost-effective commercial and leisure boating. to assist with funding your green propulsion, we work with future technology investors who can fund individual and fleet projects.



read more









mit is not only the provider of oem parts but is integral in the provision and repair of twin disc gearboxes which are fitted to royal charter and other boats supported by the maintenance team at the marine base in liverpool. lead times for spares and repair are known to...

			david coleman, technical manager – briggs marine contractors ltd            








mit for many years has been suppliers to both goodchild marine services limited and the port of london authority. given mit’s business relationship with transfluid, their geographical position to where the vessel is operating, mit was a natural choice for the challenge of building a first in class hybrid pilot...

			steve pierce. general manager. goodchild marine services            








we are delighted with the retrofit solution as we know the transfluid technology well from clutches fitted to other machinery. we appreciate the simplicity of the hfo314kv clutch design and how it handles heavy-duty applications with ease.  – william ellis, central demolition ltd

			william ellis, central demolition ltd            








a huge thank you to all your team, but particularly to paul firstly by such prompt reply and action and to liam who drove to cornwall and fitted the new pto clutch in 4 hours. we are back at sea, fully operational within 30 hours of contacting you. excellent. just...

			stefan glinski, the fresh & freeze co ltd            








goodchild marine passed on their sincere thanks to dave little personally for all his hard work and effort in ensuring the abp contract ran smoothly. they said moving the transmission supply from an engine oem to direct supply from mit had been highly beneficial to them and was largely down...

			tony birr, goodchild marine services            








we have four twin disc units on our charter boats operating day trips to st kilda 50 miles west of the outer hebrides,  and we have never had a bit of trouble from them. we have covered well over 100.000 miles with one vessel now and have never had a...

			angus campbell, kilda cruises            








esl provides the critical service of pilot boarding and landing to the ports of london and medway. in order to help it meet the needs of the business, twindisc gearboxes were selected for our latest pilot boats, estuary elan and elite. over the past 30 years, we have forged a...

			ian lord, general manager, estuary services ltd            








as a family, we have used mit for two generations now. we have purchased at least 4/5 gearboxes from mit for our various boats. we have always found them to be very informative, and helpful. i wouldn’t consider using anyone else for gearboxes.

			danny normandale, skipper, sh90 ltd            








mit is one of the very few companies that understand the need to get a commercial boat back out to sea asap! when we have a mechanical breakdown mit are our first phone call…. and then the lifeboat!

			jason lengden, skipper, the margaret beryl            








when ordering our new vessel, we specified the twin disc quickshift mgx-5136sc as this would keep continuity amongst our fleet and also the crews were familiar with operation of this gearbox, the smooth and direct drive through the main engine ease of controls, the main factor is the technical support,...

			david mcfadyen, engineer manager floating plant. forth ports            








the heavy demands placed on the marine gears and propulsion systems by constantly changing from ahead to astern when bed levelling, have been met with 100% reliability from the twin disk mg 514 units. it was an obvious choice to choose twin disc for our new vessel, the high level...

			james gray, shoreham port authority, assistant harbour master            








yesterday i spoke to paul, your service manager who kindly explained why my gear shift lever was stuck, after removing said lever shaft and cleaning some corrosion, on replacement all is now working as it should, i thank him for his time, and understanding my frustrating problem. i can now...

			brian hudson            








our engines were approaching 22,000 hours and we again decided to renew the engines. they are more reliable, and it works out more cost effective than overhauls. reliability is essential in our business. a breakdown in season is not an option. we have used scania engines and twin disc gearboxes...

			lee rayment director, and engineer. solent and wightline cruises            








being a repeat of a customer’s previous hardy 42, it was thought it could prove a tricky project. however, from initial spec all the way through to commissioning and handover, engineering was smooth and without trouble. this being the first full package supplied to hardy/windboats, we are mighty impressed. the...

			nick creed, projects and commercial manager, windboats marine.            








i was recently in the position where my boat was unserviceable due to a faulty bow thruster. i tracked down your company as the parent company of the source of the part i required. i was referred to ms gill bainbridge to deal with my enquiry. ms bainbridge located and...

			service customer            








we have been very impressed with mit’s quality of work with these gearbox overhauls and believe we have extended their working lives for many years with this investment. mit’s professionalism and expertise is unrivalled in the uk and we look forward to working with them again.

			jack weller, operations manager – commercial rib charters            








we have been working with michael and the rest of the mit team for over seven years now, entrusting them to fulfil our service and repair needs on our fleet of two sides s3x and carmichael cobra arff vehicles. with safety at the heart of our business, we needed a...

			thomas de carteret fire service manager, guernsey ports, states of guernsey            








when our renault volumetric lorry suffered a complete failure of the pto drive system, we were very grateful to receive a direct referral to mit from our trusted supplier norfolk trucks. we made initial enquiries on a friday, and by the following monday afternoon, paul walton had viewed our lorry...

			annabelle fox, manor mix concrete            








i recently brought a twin disc gearbox into the mit queenborough workshop for repair after meeting the team at irish skipper, and i was blown away by the level of service they provided me. after travelling over from ireland, the team worked quickly to identify my problem with the gearbox...

			anthony lane, skipper – camden mist            








i was so impressed by the mit team’s professionalism, communication and flexibility when they carried out a partial overhaul on our vessel. the initial job spec expanded somewhat due to several factors; however, this did not faze the guys. they just got stuck in and got on with the job....

			tim broughton – whitakers tankers            









 contact us 








ec600pc electronic control system
read more

kpto
read more

mge electric drive marine transmission
read more

mgx 5086
read more

qr25
read more

shaftmaster electronic propulsion
read more


faq's
where is my oil sensor on my twin disc gearbox? 
there is no oil sensor. twin disc gearboxes have both a temperature and pressure sensor. for checking oil levels, there is a dipstick; please refer to your owner’s manual, which you can obtain here.



why use twin disc mgx marine gears?
with the reliability that twin disc marine gears are renowned for, the mgx industrial gearbox offers both the durability and longevity of more traditional gears, along with providing instant clutch engagement and smooth slow speed control which provides users precise and safe handling of their vessel. 
paired with twin disc ec300 electronic controls the system offers unparalleled boat control in all conditions, while the revolutionary twin disc dynamic positioning system offers instantaneous, shock less and virtually constant forward and reverse shifting, keeping vessels on station.
to accomplish a faster and smoother clutch engagement, quickshift utilises a sequenced engagement that operates automatically by design and does not need any adjustment. in the first stage of the engagement it makes up to 80% of the maximum oil pressure available to 20% of the clutch piston area, where conventional clutches have to get filled completely at four to five times lower pressure. this allows the clutch to fill much faster, thereby reducing the shift response time dramatically. only then does a sequencing valve allow oil flow to the complete clutch piston area to fully engage the transmission. 
the small difference between the already high torque transfer capabilities achieved at this stage to full torque provides for a very smooth and seamless engagement. think how much more propulsion control that gives you. there’s never been anything like it. the patented twin disc quickshift design offers in excess of 15 times faster clutch response and in excess of 10 times faster to full torque. 
the twin disc quickshift with its patented gp valve engages in 0.05 seconds, compared to a standard marine transmission’s 0.75 seconds, due to clutch fill time. quickshift achieves full torque in 0.2 seconds, compared to a standard transmission requiring 2.0 seconds. 
a twin disc quickshift transmission with e-troll has a clutch response after approximately 0.05 seconds, even when operating in trolling mode. this is in excess of 100 times faster than any conventional transmission with a conventional trolling valve.
simply put, the quickshift system shifts a lot faster than you do under any conditions.



ok, so mit group, more than transmission parts! what services do you offer?
aside from being the leading uk distributors for top brands such as twin disc, transfluid, rubber design, veth propulsion and quincy compressors, we have a dedicated and highly skilled team of engineers. 
our expert engineering team offer both planned and emergency driveline maintenance and repair, 24 hours a day, keeping your downtime to a minimum. support is available both on-site and at one of our fully equipped northern or southern service centres. 
along with our industry-leading aftermarket support, we also offer tva calculations, laser alignment, borescope inspection, assembly services and a fully bespoke driveline specification and installation service. 
as part of our dedicated support to our customers, we also offer a service exchange program for when operational downtime is not an option. we also stock a vast array of spare industrial transmission parts, available, where possible on next day delivery.



how do i work out my vessels required power rating?
twin disc have conventionally complied a service classification guide, which can help you identify your duty cycle and required power rating. this can be found on page 26 of the twin disc marine product guide brochure. 
our team of expert application engineers are on hand to identify the most suitable twin disc transmission for your vessel. 
contact our team today!



what about drive line alignment? does it cause issues if not correctly done? how is it done?
driveline alignment can cause major problems if not done correctly by exerting non-torque loads onto equipment in the system. misalignment will cause premature failures of components in the drivetrain as well as exerting forces and vibrations into the supporting and surrounding structures which can lead to lower levels of operator comfort and fatigue in these structures. the severity of the issue and which component which will be affect will be different for specific driveline configurations. 
driveline alignments can be performed in a number of ways ranging from fully manual setups using dial indicators (dti’s) and pointers to the more modern laser alignment. laser alignment allows measurements to be taken much more quickly and accurately whilst automatically calculating the adjustments required at each mounting point. some of the more complex laser alignment systems allow for the aligning of offset mounting flanges/shafts to ensure the drive and driven equipment are parallel to within the correct tolerance.
once the initial measurement is taken the alignment is adjusted using traditional shims or levelling chocks. shims are thin machined metal plates of varying thicknesses which are placed between the base and affixing machinery, these require that the machinery be lifted and reset every time an adjustment is made and depending on the size and weight of the machinery this can be an arduous task. levelling chocks offer infinite adjustability within the height range by using 2 threaded components which lengthen or shorten with rotation and can be altered with machinery still in place. levelling chocks have the secondary benefits of being able to accommodate discrepancies in machinery beds and taking up “soft foot”* through the bevel washer incorporated into the design.



i’m having marine gear issues, what should i check first?
we understand downtime to your vessel means a loss of revenue for your business. before calling our expert repair team, below are some simple checks that can help get you back out on the water. 
check your oil level. fill or drain to correct level with approved oil. need help identifying your oil needs, call our team on +44 (0) 1795 580808. 
check the condition of your oil. check colour and possible contamination or aeration. 
check your oil suction strainer to ensure the strainer is clean and free from blockages. 
check the control valve linkage (mechanical selection type) to ensure control valve stem is correctly indexing the detent. 
check gearbox oil pressures are correct to manufacturer’s specifications. check in neutral and with clutch engaged. 
if you have carried out the above checks and are still having issues, call our expert service team who are ready to assist.



tell me more about the quincy air compressor true blue 5 year warranty.
only the world’s finest compressors come with an industry leading warranty! quincy compressor offers 5-year coverage, surpassing competing models. 
other companies say they offer the best machine, but only quincy can prove it. quincy back their most reliable air compressors with an industry leading warranty.

 5-year airend warranty
 5-year drive motor
 5-year heat exchanger
 5-year separator tank

talk to our team about all your compressed air needs.



what is mit off-highway
extending the life of off-highway vehicles
are your off-highway vehicles past their warranty period? considering how you can ensure they remain cost-effective to your business? mit has the answer!
we’re experts in providing bumper to bumper diagnostics, servicing, repair and overhaul to a wide range of driveline systems, including engines, torque converters, transmissions, axles, electronic systems, pumps and compressors, for an even more comprehensive range of off-highway vehicles.
we are accredited twin disc and sides service providers and our engineer’s hold accreditation from detroit diesel, godiva, iveco, volvo, scania, dosifer, caterpillar. we are also an official zf service centre.
we offer life-extension solutions along with preventative care and emergency support. 
find out more here



where can i find my twin disc gearbox manual? 
you can obtain your manual by clicking here







need help specifying your requirements?  
euan kelso, technical director, oversees all of our technical projects and is on hand to help you understand your vessel or vehicles requirements. whether that be a traditional diesel drive array project or if you are looking to move to more sustainable drive solutions, such as electric/hybrid technology.


contact euan 
 













marine & industrial transmissions ltd head office
t: +44 (0) 330 383 0333
email: info@mitgroup.co.uk

 

site linkscompany
careers
our commitment to sustainability
terms & conditions
axel johnson group uk tax strategy
privacy policy
case studies
meet the team
 

 
technical and product updates direct to your inbox!

sign up to receive the latest technical product updates, news and articles from mit.


















 







© 2025 marine & industrial transmissions. all rights reserved.  

 





 



























































   

