 home | genuine fakes     

search

info@johnmyatt.com





 about 


 gallery of work 
gallery of work
genuine fakes                                                                
john myatt originals - signature paintings                                                                
get in touch

 the book 


 the movie 


 collaborations 


 get in touch 
welcome to the world of john myatt


about


gallery of work


the book


the movie
john myatt is a brilliant artist who was involved in the biggest deception within the art world in the 20th century by painting forgeries of famous artists such as picasso & monet.he now legitimately paints “genuine fakes” and has a worldwide following.
collaborations 
get in touch own a “genuine fake”there are four ways to own a “genuine fake”.  john sells his original “fakes” through castle fine art.  you can have a hand embellished giclée print, also through castle fine art.green eye productions academy, who are working on the film of john’s life, have produced prints and greeting cards.  you can also buy the book of the film “genuine fakes” through them.castle fine art
own your own john myatt genuine fake or a hand embellished canvas
buy heregreen eye productions academy
buy prints, cards and the book “genuine fakes” from this up and coming film company.
buy here
got a question?have a burning question or want to learn more? get in touch using the link below.
get in touch
notice: javascript is required for this content.
        

a brilliant artist who was involved in the biggest deception within the art world in the 20th century by painting forgeries of famous artists such as picasso & monet.genuine fakesinfo@johnmyatt.comquick linksthe moviethe bookgallery of workaboutget in touchquick linkscontact usterms & conditionscookie policyprivacy policy© copyright 2022 genuine fakes. all rights reserved

website by extramile



site map						






 homeaboutgallery of work▼genuine fakesjohn myatt originalsthe bookthe moviecollaborationsget in touch
we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
accept
      

close gdpr cookie settings




privacy overview


strictly necessary cookies


3rd party cookies

powered by  gdpr cookie compliance
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
strictly necessary cookiesstrictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.

enable or disable cookies


if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd party cookiesthis website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.

enable or disable cookies


please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
enable all
save settings
                       



