






home | private college in beverly, ma | endicott college



































endicott college












alumni
directorydegree completion give














                                        about
                                        








                                                    back
                                                



                                                    about
                                                    






                                                                    our campus
                                                                

facts & figures
diversity, equity, inclusion, & belonging
sustainability
arts & culture






                                                                    our team
                                                                

leadership
key offices & departments
contact us






                                                                    campus happenings
                                                                

events calendar homecoming & reunion weekend
commencement
soundings magazine









                                                                    news at the nest
                                                                

                                                                    news at the nest is the official news source for endicott college, providing information on campus life and other happenings. 
                                                                


                                                                        read news











                                        admission
                                        








                                                    back
                                                



                                                    admission
                                                    






                                                                    undergraduate
                                                                

undergraduate admission
how to apply
admission criteria
tuition & financial aid






                                                                    graduate
                                                                

graduate admission
how to apply register for classes
tuition & fees
financial aid






                                                                    information
                                                                

for parents & familiesfor school counselorsfor admitted studentsprofessional studies admission 








                                                                    plan a visit
                                                                

                                                                    visiting endicott is more than seeing the campus and meeting our community. it's about getting a sense of what it's like to be a gull.
                                                                


                                                                        learn more











                                        academics
                                        








                                                    back
                                                



                                                    academics
                                                    






                                                                    your education
                                                                

schools
programs of study
global education
general education core requirements
centers & institutes






                                                                    here to help
                                                                

academic resources & support
academic opportunities
endicott center for teaching & learning
our faculty
office of the provost









                                                                    graduate programs
                                                                

                                                                    advance your career with a master’s degree or certificate, or reach the academic pinnacle of your profession through a doctoral degree at endicott.
                                                                


                                                                        learn more











                                        student life
                                        








                                                    back
                                                



                                                    student life
                                                    






                                                                    get involved
                                                                

student engagement
athletics & recreation
clubs & organizations
community service
ec tv & ec radio






                                                                    resources
                                                                

student services
new student orientation
health & wellness
spiritual life






                                                                    connect with us
                                                                

contact student life
gull parent & family resources









                                                                    housing & residence life
                                                                

                                                                    the office of residence life is dedicated to working with students to create a lively, unique, and civil residential community that complements the academic mission of the college.
                                                                


                                                                        learn more











                                        internships & careers
                                        








                                                    back
                                                



                                                    internships & careers
                                                    






                                                                    transformational learning
                                                                

four-year internship program
internship & career events
student stories
internship & career services resources






                                                                    information
                                                                

for employersfor alumni contact internship & career center









                                                                    the endicott experiential edge
                                                                

                                                                    endicott’s pioneering internship program, extensive study and work abroad opportunities, and outstanding career resources give you an edge, so you graduate with a degree in one hand and an impressive resume in the other.
                                                                


                                                                        learn more










athletics




apply today
student resources


alumni
directorydegree completion give



apply today
student resources








menu















close






                            search
                        



search our site







                        popular searches
                    

graduation day
graduate classes
financial aid
contact us










welcome to the nest
endicott college
inspiring leadership through transformational learning.

meet. explore. learn.












                        why endicott?
                    

                        a beautiful seaside campus, an active and energetic community, exceptional faculty, and an outstanding internship program and career guidance—there really is no other place like endicott.
                    







apply
with our outstanding academics and endicott experiential edge program, you'll graduate with a degree, a resume, and a clear pathway for the future.


apply now







plan a visit
step foot on our beautiful oceanfront campus, feel our strong sense of community, and see why so many students choose to call endicott home. we can’t wait to meet you!


plan a visit







request info
want more information about endicott? we’ll be happy to send you additional materials about your program of interest, our faculty, and upcoming admission events.


request info






















                                    prepared for career. prepared for life.
                                

                                    the endicott experiential edge
                                



                                        endicott’s pioneering internship program, extensive study and work abroad opportunities, and outstanding career resources give you an edge, so you graduate with a degree in one hand and an impressive resume in the other.
                                    

learn more.












graduate with a degree, a resume, & a job
endicott's dynamic and industry-leading four-year internship model produces career-ready professionals prepared to be influential and impactful.











biology/biotechnology major with a minor in business administration
abigail agrodnia ’26
"take the leap. don’t miss out on meeting new people and experiencing new things because you are afraid to do it alone."

read more














psychology major
caroline kiernan ’24
“the internships are really important. they help you figure out what you want to do—as well as what you don’t want to do—after you graduate.”

read more














exercise science major
jack smiley ’25
“this internship was a cool experience to really get to know the field, and what goes into that exercise science program. for me, that’s something i’ll carry forward.”

read more














communication major with an art history minor
olivia cafarelli ’25
“it’s one thing to read about a culture online, and it’s another to go there and talk to people, work, and get real-world experience in a place besides where you grew up. that’s a valuable skill for anyone to have.”

read more














international business major and spanish minor
tiago frazao ’24 m’25
“the campus is beautiful. you can’t beat having three beaches. but what stands out to me is how broad the opportunities i’ve received here have been.”

read more






























                        get to know endicott
                    

                        there’s so much to learn about endicott! from our outstanding faculty to our beautiful campus to our outstanding career preparation—read below to discover what sets us apart!
                    







engaged faculty
at endicott, you won't just occupy a seat in a lecture hall. with an average student-faculty ratio of 13:1, our students benefit from supportive professors who are involved in their learning.


learn more







beautiful oceanfront campus
state-of-the-art academic facilities, unique residential buildings, convenient location 20 miles north of boston, and sweeping views of the atlantic make our campus your home away from home.


learn more







career preparation
our internship program starts your freshman year so that you have time to explore majors and learn who you are and what you want to do. 95% of employed students reported their job is related to their major. 


learn more














                        helpful resources
                    

                        interested in touring the nest? seeking more information about life on campus and the support we provide our students? or do you want to learn more about our dedication to continuously improving our beautiful, technologically advanced campus? see below for helpful resources.
                    






 




                                tour the nest—virtually
                            

                                visit our campus without leaving your home.
                            




 




                                gull parent & family resources
                            

                                find everything you need to know about endicott here.
                            




 




                                spread your wings
                            

                                discover our campaign to enhance endicott college.
                            




 








latest news
stories and headlines from students, faculty, and staff.

all news at the nest








the comeback of a lifetime
 three years after a devastating stroke sidelined him at just 22, jack smiley ’25 made a triumphant return to the ice with the men’s ice hockey team....

read more


 




endicott college launches new center for civic participation
 this spring, endicott will launch the endicott center for civic participation, a dynamic new initiative designed to foster a culture of civic...

read more


 




actor sean astin to headline endicott’s presidential speaker series
 actor, producer, and activist sean astin will be the featured guest at the third annual presidential speaker series on april 23 at 6 p.m. in the...

read more


 







upcoming events

view all events



feb18fran forman suspended realities: a 20-year journey though whimsy to noirheftler visiting artist gallery | 9:00 amlearn morefeb18student ink: a printmaking showcasespencer presentation gallery | 9:00 amlearn morefeb19academic technology workshop: canvas advanced: tips for improving course quality | 12:00 pmlearn morefeb19hungry hungry recyclersmacdonald gymnasium | 5:30 pmlearn more


view all events










                    apply today
                

                    discover the experience...the journey to becoming a gull starts here.
                
apply now


























                                    endicott college
                                



376 hale street
beverly, ma 01915




978-927-0585
800-325-1114










                                            get in touch
                                        


locations & directions


faculty & staff directory


contact us


careers


campus map







                                            for students
                                        


degree completion


halle library


bookstore


athletics


emergency alerts







                                            events
                                        


arts & culture


event tickets


misselwood events


wylie center & tupper manor












consumer disclosure


accreditation


privacy policy


accessibility


title ix policy 



 
 
 
 
 
 


                    © endicott college. all rights reserved.
                

social media directory













