

   hallelujah!   














verses
posts
links
tag
members
events
pixels


 


hallelujah cell
um, it is a nice name, isn't it?



verses
"for who has known the mind of the lord that he may instruct him?" but we have the mind of christ.'- 1 cor 2:16




sunday, july 23, 2006





ooh la la!anyone home?



vanished @ 6:48 pm  
    	
         0 comments






saturday, september 17, 2005



not bravado



umm don't mind this. i can't access my blog, and i just typed this all out. so i need to put it somewhere, and this is the only place i can think of. so there.faith is not bravado. nor is it something you call upon to pretend that everything is alright when you clearly believe otherwise. faith is different. faith endures. faith works. today, i learnt about the importance of developing a lasting faith. my preliminary examination results were returned, and i was stunned. i could not make any sense out of them. “i did everything right!” i thought. “how could everything have gone wrong?”evidently, something did go wrong. i did proclaim an assuredness arising from confidence in god. i did say, “all that i do, i do to honour him.” indeed, i do. but i had completely missed the point. then, i did not understand why we christians are called to work hard for a living. i had proclaimed, “faith!”, but only a faith interspersed with human bluster.in the aftermath of the release of results, i took time out to seek god’s guidance. he led me to the classic tale of david and goliath. i cried, “why lord, why? i need understanding; i need comfort! why bring me to david and goliath?” god nudged for me to read on. everyone knows why david defeated goliath. david had faith in god. he completely trusted god, knowing that god would deliver him from the enemy. that is perfectly right. however, many of us have become so familiar with the story that we miss out on its spiritual meaning.why was goliath confident? for many reasons. first, he prides himself in his battle victories. the bible writes that goliath was a philistine champion. second, he prides himself in his natural ability (size). he is perfect for battle because of his size. his size strikes fear into the enemy troops. third, he prides himself on his equipment. goliath “wore bronze leggings, and he slung a bronze javelin over his back. the shaft of his spear was as heavy and thick as a weaver’s beam, tipped with an iron spearhead that weighed fifteen pounds. an armour bearer walked ahead of him carrying a huge shield.” wow. i would certainly have problems with arrogance if i could carry equipment others have trouble even lifting!contrast goliath to david. david was certainly confident. in fact, he seemed almost nonchalant towards the ability of the philistine. the only thing on david’s mind was the honour of his god. “who is this pagan philistine anyway, that he is allowed to defy the armies of the living god?” contrast this with your life. will god ever leave you to fend for yourself? will he ever abandon you? no. then why are we so easily shaken when facing obstacles? when circumstances go awry, how can a christian sink into depression, or say (and mean), “i’m doomed!” this same person, once counselled, may say, “yes, i have faith! i believe that god will help me.” yes. god will help, but do you believe he will? genuinely?the proclamation of faith is often used in despair, when a person desperately wants to believe that things will turn out well, and will settle for anything to pretend that things will turn out well. it does not work that way.look at david. did he proclaim a confidence in god because he did not believe that goliath could be defeated? no. his faith showed because he truly believed that god would bring him victory. his faith arose from the inside. it was not something he plastered on the outside. david had such great faith because he trusted god in the little things. the little faith he began with was exercised each time a bear or wild animal came to disturb his flock, and his faith grew. with each trial, his faith was matured to the point that he could walk into a valley to face an armed, and experienced giant warrior and have no fear whatsoever. for those disheartened by their results: start studying now. have faith in the little things. keep working. i am confident that david never gave up on the sheep placed under his care. god has placed you into this school as a student. he never gives up on you. have faith in him. work out that faith.



jared @ 12:37 am  
    	
         0 comments






sunday, september 11, 2005



abcdefg



abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyandznowiknowmyabcnexttimewon'tyousingwithme.



jared @ 6:57 pm  
    	
         0 comments






monday, july 11, 2005



beyond reason



this blog looks so sad at not having any posts, so i decided to paste one of my blog posts here. teehee. anyway, it is something i would have shared in cell if i didn't have that sore throat. and nope, the devil isn't going to stop me from sharing the joy of god in my life with the people in the wonderful cell i'm in. amen!     6 a voice says, "cry out."        and i said, "what shall i cry?"        "all men are like grass,        and all their glory is like the flowers of the field.     7 the grass withers and the flowers fall,        because the breath of the lord blows on them.        surely the people are grass.     8 the grass withers and the flowers fall,        but the word of our god stands forever."     9 you who bring good tidings to zion,        go up on a high mountain.        you who bring good tidings to jerusalem,       lift up your voice with a shout,        lift it up, do not be afraid;        say to the towns of judah,        "here is your god!"     10 see, the sovereign lord comes with power,        and his arm rules for him.        see, his reward is with him,        and his recompense accompanies him.     11 he tends his flock like a shepherd:        he gathers the lambs in his arms        and carries them close to his heart;        he gently leads those that have young.    isaiah 40:6-11 (niv)at about 10, 11 pm yesterday night, i was feeling burdened over various issues. there was stress over the impending preliminary examinations and how i seem to lack so much in facing up to it; sadness over all the darkness that clouds the hearts and minds of people worldwide, as well as people by my side.i began to reason, and went through the rationality of my being affected by all these circumstances. i remained in deep thought for an extended period of time - until the spirit startled me with a question: why reason?the bible is clear about the place for reason in a christian's life. peter exhorts us to be prepared to give a reason for the hope that we have in christ. in the modern context, this intellectual defence of christianity is called apologetics. however, the bible does not claim that reason is the primary thing. nowhere in the bible states that we should resort to reason, simply because reason is insufficient. as finite human beings, we reason only with a limited human reason, a human reason that is tainted by the influence of our emotions and predispositions. in john 15:25, jesus says that they (unbelievers) hated him without reason. this is in spite of the fact that the pharisees etc are men who conduct intellectual discussions over the books of the law and the like. clearly, their reasoning (at least with regard to the position of jesus) was flawed. only god is capable of exercising pure reason.but i digress. the spirit's prompting reminded me of the time when i sought to rationalise my belief in christianity. it failed, for as i wrote in the previous paragraph, reason is not the primary thing. the link between us and our father god is not the mind, but the spirit. god doesn't become more real to you if you try to justify his existence with human arguments. instead, we come to experience his overwhelming presence when we meet him face to face in the spirit. and that is exactly what i was called to yesterday night: prayer.and so i prayed. i prayed the word in my life. i held on to the promise of life, peace, joy, and love in him. i put aside all my worries and declared them dead, choosing instead to tell god from the spirit that in him, i know i have life. and i was filled with inexplicable joy - not the kind that makes you go "shout your fame!" but one that just made me drop to my knees and say, "lord, you are indeed my god." i couldn't stop praying and worshipping him. as the spirit revealed to me more and more of his word, i began to rejoice in the realisation of what it really means to belong to him. he really is wonderful.you could ask me to explain all that, but i really can't, and i wouldn't want to. why? simply because it isn't because of some intellectual point that i rejoice, but because of the spiritual grasping of what that really means. in colossians 3, we are called to let the word dwell richly in our lives. merely hearing the word isn't enough - it doesn't dwell richly that way. the word also refers to christ jesus. he dwells in us, and that i don't rejoice because that is a fact, but because i have experienced the reality of him in me.you may now ask why i quoted from isaiah to start off the post. that passage tells me in a very powerful way how he really is the primary thing. when god comes into the picture (breath of god - god-life), everything else just dies (fades away). when you truly see and experience god, nothing else matters. exams, circumstances, strained relationships; all these aren't an issue anymore because i have jesus in my life. and he brightens up my world. here is your god! taste and see that he is good.jesus, life-giver, i love you and praise you. indeed, i am transformed in you.



jared @ 11:54 pm  
    	
         0 comments






tuesday, june 14, 2005



retreat!



hahaha, yep, lots on fun on the last night, cauliflower!retreat was a smash - lots of time for spiritual growth and renewal in the word; great fellowship and bonding; lame jokes, and more lame jokes. (:yay for god! yay for michelle! wonderful experience.



jared @ 11:39 pm  
    	
         0 comments






saturday, april 30, 2005



illogic



here's a nice piece of logical reasoning i came up with in 2002 while mugging for a geog exam: abu (from aladdin) is a monkey. space means there's nothing there.hence, abu = a bu. a chio bu is a bu.since a bu = abu = monkey, a chio bu is a monkey. *gives a cheeky monkey-like grin. (please don't throw me into the zoo)



jared @ 5:21 pm  
    	
         0 comments






monday, april 25, 2005



error..



in the contact list..my address is wrong..it shud be s(229491)pls make the necessary changes peeps..have a gd week ahead!



vanished @ 12:26 pm  
    	
         0 comments









linked
chio-bu
jared (:
geri ho hoho
plmc
kennerd :x
















powered by tagboard message board





 
      name
 
        url or email
 
        messages(smilies) 
        











members

cgl michelle aka chio bu
daryl
chun yang aka bobby bong~ boo!
eugene
geri
jared
marilynn
michelle
milton 
rebecca aka teh
sabrina
stacy
tiffany
kenneth



upcoming events
retreat organised by our dearest cgl chio-bu 10th june - 12th june 2005




 makan cake!

 gals, smile!

 eating carrots during cell..

holy communion


get awesome blog templates like this one from blogskins.com
get awesome blog templates like this one from blogskins.com




