



wxdu.org



























wxdu 88.7 fm
	duke university radio

playlists: current | past 10 days


listen now:
mp3 
        /
        other

home
blog
schedule
programming
faqs
contact us
duu
duke









make a request 
919-684-8870 
919-684-8871
make a request online
(or tweet it @wxdu!)



e-mail (not required): 
    request:


cancel

note: javascript is required to use the request form.
contact us 
wxdu 88.7 fm 
box 90687 
2020 campus drive 
durham, nc 27708 
919-684-2957 
email
 



wxdu's missionwxdu, as a member of the duke university union, exists to inform, educate, and entertain both the students of duke university and the surrounding community of durham through quality progressive alternative radio programming. wxdu seeks to give its staff the freedom to pursue their personal aesthetic within the framework of a cohesive format. wxdu aims to provide the listener with an alternative viewpoint untainted by commercial interests. wxdu resolves to maintain good relations with the music industry without compromising its integrity and nationally recognized commitment to quality programming. wxdu resolves to remain a laboratory where all members are free to make and learn from their mistakes.
â 
view the wxdu public file 








now playing:





welcome to wxdu!

check out our upcoming events, our dj blogs, our current top 88.7, our live stream, and much much more. 
 






stuff we're thinking about



view more 'xdu blog posts 



it's time! hopscotch day party: annual ritual of summoning live on wxdu, 9/6 starting at noon!

the three lobed and smashed plastic hopscotch day show is on september 6 from noon to 5 at kings in raleigh. come check out live sets from pipe, full size, silver scrolls, object hours, and powers/rolin duo. the show will be broadcast live on wxdu and is for all ages and free.
    
 
 










broadcasting fun & noise from the pinhook live on wxdu, 7/6 starting at 7pm!

fans of the electric guitar take heed: there is a new brood of spazzy & emotive, noise-damaged punk rock awash in north carolina. on saturday july 6th beginning at 7pm, some of these young practitioners will take the stage of the pinhook for an early show in durham: teachmehowtodance, tractor beam, emily grimm, and sesame. get acquaninted! we will be broadcasting the show live from the pinhook on wxdu 88.7, so tune in if you can't make it out!
 
 










listen to music in the gardens live on wxdu!

this summer duke arts will be joining forces with country soul songbook, a durham based organization uplifting marginalized voices in country music, to present energetic shows with artists from all over the country. on 6/26, the concert will feature a special collaboration between adia victoria and shirlette ammons as they use poetry and blues to explore the black southern renaissance. the concert starts at 7pm in the sarah p. duke gardens and will be broadcast live on wxdu 88.7 and wxdu.org (use the player over there on the right). entry is free and families are welcome! for more information regarding the artist lineup, directions or parking, go to https://arts.duke.edu/music-in-the-gardens/.


 









 





listen online

 




play
pause
stop
mute
unmute
max volume


 


 

repeat
repeat off



pop out player
update required         to play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your flash plugin.

 



listen on your phone!

 
no, we don't have a custom wxdu iphone app. we've found something better: an app that will let you listen to any streaming radio station: tunein radio, powered by tunein.com. it allows you to record, pause & rewind streams, view cover art & artist info. and it's available for iphone, android, palm and blackberry!

  


the wxdu archives

 october 2013 marked our 30th year on the air, and in celebration we launched an ongoing project to put archival material online.
check out our tumblr of scanned print material
and our bandcamp page of live recordings. 


 

