








steamboat landing mini golf – a maine themed mini golf































 








↓ 
 


        javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.








            steamboat landing mini golf
a maine themed mini golf 


 


 

search for:






 homecalendarcontactspecial events




 










 

 


naples maine is set in the heart of the lakes region, naples is a spectacular place where people come to play at steamboat landing mini-golf as a big part of family traditions and fun. steamboat landing is maine’s premier miniature golf course, we are located in a shaded and quiet woodland setting.
a trip to steamboat landing is like taking a tour through the pine tree state and experiencing “…the way life should be.” this challenging course is based on the history of the area and includes many landmarks from around maine.
our course is challenging, yet offers a fun experience for even our youngest visitors.  families will find our course a good spot for a “family competition,” or simply a leisurely stroll around the course as our trees provide relief from summer’s heat.
our holes include a classic new england-covered bridge, historic fort western, a scenic lighthouse, typical of the many that line maine’s rocky coast, and a maine black bear, sporting his trout catch between his teeth!
as the course winds through the wooded gardens, you will find something to catch your eye at every turn. at steamboat landing, you’ll enjoy the rustic setting with its lush flower gardens and the sound of running water as it flows through the grist mill.
generations of families have enjoyed our unique mini-golf course.  for over four decades, steamboat landing mini-golf has provided affordable family fun.
we hope you will join us this summer as we celebrate another season of mini-golf in naples maine.




 last admission for mini golf is 45 minutes before closing!

 



pricing 
general admission (13+): $9.75

children (4-12): $8.50
seniors (65+): $8.50
active military: $8.50
3 & under (with paying adult): free
second round:  $3.00
gazebo: $35.00 per hour 

steamboat landing accepts payment in the form of cash or card including apple pay.

gift cardsfind us on 

 

tripadvisor reviews 






steamboat’s calendar 

15 steamboat landing naples me 
 15 steamboat landing



 




contact steamboat landing mini golf
15 steamboat landing road
naples, me 04055
steamboatlanding1979@gmail.com
207-303-7023

 

©2025 - steamboat landing mini golf  
 
 

↑











