











futurist society - modern investor relations firm





















































































about us
services

investor relations


case studies
market caps served

microcap investor relations
small cap investor relations
otc markets investor relations firm


industries

biotech investor relations firm
cannabis investor relations firm


investor relations blog
contact
 





work with us



✕
















digital marketing & communications 
							investor relations, communication, integrated media and advisory guidance firm 
							futurist society delivers investor relations solutions for public companies in our modern connected world. 
							


modern investor relations 
							expert knowledge & research 
							our solutions 
							who we are 
							 












 










futurist societymodern investor relations firmupgrade your ir 



 















							the days of issuing press releases and hoping for coverage have passed. traditional investor relations of decades past are no longer winning in a 24/7 connected market with due diligence available at their fingertips through mobile devices and social media networks.						



change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. we are the ones we’ve been waiting for. we are the change that we seek.barack obama (44th united states president) 



futurist society investor relations firm consistently provides clients with favorable results and measured impact through an integrated combination of traditional investor relations tactics in a modern digital media approach. 






about us










contact us























investor relations for our modern world our expert team is here to help you boost awareness for your company with unbiased guidance and strategic support in all aspects of today’s modern financial markets.our targeted messages guarantee that your company is seen by millions of advantageous retail investors, analysts, market movers and hedge fund managers. 






more about our services























success is built upon the foundation of great pillars.the futurist society strategy is a multi-faceted approach leveraging all elements of media for a cohesive and dominating message presence for investors.maximum exposure drives maximum results. 


























 










investor relationstraditional. digital. all.your message everywhere.our ir platform is a complete turn-key solution for microcap, small-cap and mid-cap public companies seeking to increase their awareness to retail and institutional investors. our customized strategies exponentially increase the audience reach and investor awareness of your company story to maximize visibility for today’s stock market with industry expertise, trust and credibility.  






 
powerful press releases & fact sheets



 
consistent presentation to brokers



 
retail and investor digital road shows



 
action calls with market makers
















learn more about our investor relations services











 










digital media marketingarticles. videos. social media.your story told.from retail investors reading stocktwits on their iphone to analysts doing due diligence on companies within a sector, our team helps you to reach investors on every screen across all devices. our cohesive approach not only ensures you are seen on all screens, we combine an approach that blends owned and earned media across various channels for maximum visibility.  






 
trending reddit & twitter integration



 
third party earned media articles



 
expert writers & analysts deliver value



 
millions reached with your message
















learn more about our digital media  services











 










research guidanceexpert support. market trends.your action plan.the greatest media and marketing strategy is only as strong as the company that it represents. at futurist society we use a multitude of professional research tools and market analysis to understand what consumers are looking for and provide them the information they seek. our guidance will help drive strategic growth for your company. 






 
powerful investor database access



 
emerging market trends & insights



 
trusted, proven results



 
unique strategy for your success
















learn more about our research guidance services































 




public companies advised 

0
+










 




stock price gains 
+
0
%










 




investors reached 

500000
+






















ready to achieve your capital-markets goals?let’s get to work.contact us below to begin the process of onboarding and upgrading your ir with futurist society.

 




























δ


 











 











our latest blog posts 











june 9, 2023 june 9, 2023categories 
investor relations strategieshow to create an appealing cannabis investor relations planas the cannabis industry continues to grow and mature, it’s more important than ever for companies to have a solid investor relations plan in place. after […]do you like it?0 0 read morejune 9, 2023 june 9, 2023categories 
investor relations strategiessmall-cap company tips to increase investor appealsmall-cap companies can be attractive investment opportunities for the right investors despite being often overlooked by the market. however, these businesses can often face a challenge […]do you like it?0 0 read morejune 9, 2023 june 9, 2023categories 
investor relations strategiesessential elements for attractive biotech investor plansregardless of the biotech company’s stage of development, there are a number of essential elements that should be included in any investor plan. first and foremost, […]do you like it?0 0 read morejune 9, 2023 june 9, 2023categories 
investor relations resourcescrisis communication: what it is, why you need it & how to create a plancrisis communication is a type of public relations and investor relations communications that is designed to protect and defend an individual, company, or organization from negative […]do you like it?0 0 read morejune 6, 2023 june 6, 2023categories 
investor relations strategiesthe need for expertise in biotech investor relationsthe biotech sector is notorious for its high-risk, high-reward nature. this volatility can be a major turnoff for many investors, which is why it’s essential for […]do you like it?0 0 read morejune 6, 2023 june 6, 2023categories 
investor relations strategiesunderstanding the types of strategic communications plansstrategic communication is the process writing and delivering messages that advance an organization’s objectives. it involves understanding the audience, crafting the message, and using the most […]do you like it?1 0 read morejune 6, 2023 june 6, 2023categories 
investor relations strategiesincrease microcap investor awareness with these expert tips small businesses, including microcap companies, can increase their chances of success by improving communication with investors. in order to ensure that all stakeholders are kept up-to-date […]do you like it?0 0 read morejune 6, 2023 june 6, 2023categories 
investor relations resourceswhat is investor relations? ir 101: the role of investor relationswhat is investor relations? investor relations (ir) is responsible for managing the communication and relationships between a company and its current and potential investors. ir is […]do you like it?0 0 read morejune 4, 2023 june 4, 2023categories 
investor relations strategieshow investor relations firms can increase investor awareness for otc markets companiesif you are an otc markets company, then you know how important it is to have a solid investor relations strategy. unfortunately, many otc companies do […]do you like it?0 0 read more























about us
futurist society
futurist society is an integrated investor relations, communication, media and advisory guidance firm delivering modern solutions for public companies in the microcap, small cap and mid-cap spaces that increase investor awareness.
our offices
los angeles, ca

st. louis, mofollow us
receive updates about our firm along with company updates and relevant news from our roster of public company clients.












                                © 2022 futurist society | all rights reserved                            
services
microcap ir
small cap ir
biotech ir
otc markets ir
cannabis ir
investor relations case study
blog
contact








work with us




 




























δ









































