


pulse-bac: the original & patented self-cleaning vacuum








 



























  




products






explore vacuum models


other products





500 mark 2
 




ascent 500
 




pro series
 




ascent bagger
 



hplm series
 


other  products

1000 series(legacy)
500 series(legacy)
grinders & polishers
dust grabber
dust grabber ii
accessories





new! 500 mark 2


new! ascent 500 bagger


pro series


new! ascent bagger


hplm series







applications






applications













surface prep
wood flooring
general construction
cabinet shops & carpentry
concrete & masonry
industrial manufacturing
lead & asbestos
firing range cleanup








company






about


events


contact




about

welcome

careers



events

trade shows
company news



contact

toll free:
usa - 844.223.0584
international - 866.954.9700
local: 918.216.6100
 
press contact
advertising contact
sales inquiry










support
how to buy










get to know pulse‑bac
the original & patented self‑cleaning vacuum




scroll down to learn more!












are you osha silica compliant? check out our video. click here to watch the video




why choose pulse-bac vacuums?







superior technology
pulse-bac’s patented technology keeps filters clean, so suction stays consistent. other vacuums can lose up to 50% of their suction as the filter clogs, but not pulse-bac. 


durable &  dependable
durable steel construction and american made dependability make pulse-bac vacuums the choice of professionals. we've got 15 years of proven job site performance to back that up. 


lifetime service & support
even the best-built machine can have a problem. that’s why all pulse-bac vacuums include free lifetime service. this means you’ll never pay for repair labor.  find out more 







lifetime service & support


pulse-bac vacuums are famous for their longevity and reliability. in fact, many of our very early models like the ld, hd, 1300 & 2300 vacuums, now over a decade old, are still serving their owners faithfully every day. however even the best built machine needs maintenance from time to time. especially when subjected to the tough conditions in which many pulse-bac® vacuums are used.
that’s why all pulse-bac vacuums include free lifetime service & support. this covers the cost of in-house labor and provides the owner with free phone or internet support for life. coverage starts from the moment the vacuum leaves the factory and continues for the lifetime of the machine, no matter how many owners it may have. so if your vacuum is down we’re with you until you’re back up and running and you’ll never see a bill for labor or support, unlike other brands that charge labor and service fee’s when the warranty is up. this is just another way that pulse-bac has your back.
lifetime service terms & conditions:
what is covered:
the cost of labor for service provided by a pulse-bac factory service technician.
the cost of over the phone or other remote support (i.e. email, facetime or chat support).
what is not covered:
the cost of shipping or the cost of parts when the unit is out of warranty.
coverage does not include phone service carrier charges that may be incurred in the course of service or the reimbursement of any other expenses unless outlined in this agreement.


close










how it works in 60 seconds
                  








dustless sanding done right.as a wood flooring contractor you know it is important to keep the dust out of the customer’s home or office and to have a dust free floor before applying finish.
explore




carpentry  without the trimmings.whether you're a trim carpenter that needs to keep the job site clean or a cabinet shop that's trying to keep the dust down we have dust collection solutions to fit your needs.
explore




concrete grinding without the mess.surface prep professionals face some tough challenges when it comes to dust collection. the fine, abrasive dust from concrete and other hard surfaces present a number of issues.
explore




jobsite clean up done in a flash.job site cleanup and other tasks are all around for a general contractor. pulse-bac gives you the power you need to get the job done, plus the technology to make it easy. 
explore








pulse-bac vacuum models


                pulse-bac offers a wide array of models so you can find the right solution for your application. look at the overview of each series below to start on the path to better dust collection.
            







500 series



pro series



hplm series









pulse-bac 500 series

compact. portable. powerful.
powerful and compact, the 500 series offers great performance and portability. designed to capture dust generated by power tools and for job site clean-up, it is ideal for work involving dust from concrete, drywall, and wood. a great fit for general contractors, finish carpenters, drywall, wood flooring & surface prep professionals. the 500 series is compliant with osha’s silica dust rule. the 550 is also a good choice for facility maintenance and janitorial crews.
explore









pulse-bac pro series

new pinless design • 5x duty cycle solenoids
the pro series is the newest addition to the pulse-bac line-up. the successor to the legendary 1000 series and like the 1000 series, it offers a large array of power and collection options. it also has new features designed to improve usability and durability. built to capture dust generated by surface preparation equipment, power tools and for jobsite cleanup, the pro series excels at work involving dust from concrete, drywall, wood, asbestos, and many other materials. with a lineage of legendary performance & innovative improvements, the pro series is sure to be the choice of professionals.
explore









pulse-bac hplm series

what is hplm? put simply, it’s the highest power to weight ratio you will find in a vacuum today. with the highest cfm of all the series, they weigh in at just 208lbs. hplm vacuums supply all the power you need in a portable package that saves time and trouble. designed to capture dust generated by surface preparation equipment, large power tools and for job site large-scale cleanup operations, the hplm vacuums are ideal for work involving dust from concrete, sand, drywall, wood and many other non-combustible materials. a great fit for surface preparation and manufacturing, all hplm series is compliant with osha’s silica dust rule.
explore














request a catalog


              ready to find out more or is print just more your thing? fill out the form below and we will have our full catalog to you in mere moments.
            























*required



*required





optional




*required

* these fields are required to get you request properly routed.







thank you. we're glad you want to know more!
your request has been sent and you're on your way to better dust collection. you should receive an email soon with a link to our product catalog. if you need more just give us a call at 844-223-0584.



what customers say surpassed my expectations of what a great vac can deliver! ‘…i highly recommend this model(pb-550), it surpassed my expectations of what a great vac can deliver in performance & ease of use.’ 
– philip
 better than advertised! ‘this 550 pulse-bac is everything as advertised and then some! … being used to take up fine sawdust, and it does so without any problems whatsoever. god bless!’ 
– dennis
 zero dust “i does what they stay it does. zero dust. and we cut granite countertops in the homes of our customers.”
thomas d
 great vacuum for concrete dust “for a smaller vacuum, this one isn’t small on suction. i’m using about 30 ft of hose with a grinder attached, and the pulse-bac never gets clogged and never loses suction. great product.”
matt d
 
 this is too cool and well worth the money. “we are remodeling an rv and the dust would have clogged up a regular vac like this. not this one it works great!! … this vacuum is the best.”
-jspence
 great product “the best dust collector i have tried so far!!!
 thank you, the product is amazing”
– poly creations
  what the press says a stout, high-end contender. ‘even when vacuuming fine concrete dust, there was never a noticeable loss of suction. i was able to use the vacuum for hours on end without needing to clean the filters. with the amount of suction the vacuum produced, it vented out an amazingly small amount of air with never a trace of dust.’
– fine homebuilding magazine
 












            toll free: 844-223-0584
          
email us
























privacy policy | warranty & returns   9384 ridgeview st. tulsa, ok 74131 -- ©  pulse-bac vacuums
        







need more info?


whether you need some literature, have a question or just want to find a little more about us or our product we’re here to help. just fill out the form below and we’ll be with you in no time at all.


       name:email:phone:message:thank you for contacting pulse-bac!your message has been sent. you should receive a response soon. if you need more immediate assistance please call 844-223-0584. 


close























