






















poppytalk archive








































































diy

general diys
diy categories

diy accessories
diy beauty
diy clay
diy decor
diy decoupage
diy flowers
diy leather
diy lighting
diy organizing
diy outdoor
diy paper
diy party
diy photo
diy photo transfer
diy printmaking
diy seasonal
diy wall decor
diy wood


downloads
weekend projects


decor + design

design
gardening
home decor
hotel style



visit the new site!



















































hey friends and happy weekend! hope your start to december is going well. just popping in here on the old blog to catch up with any followers that are still receiving updates from here. a few links of what’s been happening as of late! if you’re looking for a budget, friendly way to decorate your holiday table this year, check out a few diy’s i created using items from the grocery store like coffee filters, lunch bags, brown paper, grocery bags, and skewers. click here for a preview and here for the how-to!the 2022 gift guide is in full swing featuring things for the homebody, your favorite, cook, holiday cards, and more! click here for the link.if you’re looking for a hero cookie to make this holiday season, and if you love peanut butter, you may want to check out my latest recipe for a sweet and salty peanut butter filled cookie. they are so good, you might even want to gift them. i made a printable cookie gift box that you can download just in case you do. click here for the link.speaking of recipes, this banana hazelnut waffle tower would be perfect for a festive brunch!have you tried out pinterest’s new shuffles app yet? i’m kind of obsessed and falling down all sorts of rabbit holes. join me here!are you ready for pantone’s color of the year? for some reason i never am ready for their choices, but i am in love with this color story.happy weekend!























 exciting news! i have taken the plunge and have moved poppytalk onto wordpress (well, a good portion of it anyway —many of the archive posts are still here on the archive site (archive.poppytalk.com). it's been a long time coming and a bit of a process (after 17 years of being here on blogger). if you have landed here on this archive site (archive.poppytalk.com), i invite you to hop over to the new wordpress site (still the same url — poppytalk.com) to take a look around. as of today, february 1st, 2022, all of our new posts will be appearing on the wordpress site. and like i mentioned, the archive posts will be living here until they are all moved over or are retired. i won't bore you with all of the details, except to say i hope you will find the new site more dynamic, organized and beautiful. i've uploaded a majority of the last two years there, along with some of our more popular posts. please bear with us if you find a few hiccups along the way. and if you happen to see a link on the new site that isn't working, feel free to give me a shout. there will definitely be a few hiccups here and there until i move over all of the chosen posts eventually. with over 10k articles you can imagine the project involved. so thank you for hanging in there through this process and after all these years. next month we'll be celebrating 17 years online, and i can't tell you how thankful and honoured i am for all our readers. i'm looking forward to what's to come! in the meantime, check out the main site!jan halvarson, founder + creative director, poppytalk























through the years we've developed an amazing collection of delicious and beautiful holiday recipes. some from past contributors like jeannette ordas and lyndsay sung and others like guest posts from favourite local baker, rosie daykin of butter baked goods beautifully photographed by janis nicolay. so today i thought i'd feature a selection of some of our most cherished and delicious for this holiday season to try out (if you haven't already). check them out below.1. chocolate almond batons(above) by rosie daykin of butter baked goodsphotographed by janis nicolay























gathering up cards for a holiday post just never grows old. after all these years, i still love a little papergoods round-up! and this year doesn't disappoint.  21 festive cards for holiday 2021. check them all out below!1. winter wishesby nicholas john frith for red cap cards























loving this summer retreat designed by isabel lopez vilalta and associates based in spain. the dwelling was constructed in the ’70s in the seaside fishing village of calella de palafrugell, where the only way to spend one’s time is to enjoy the sea and beach and meet up with friends and family. 























it's that time of year again when everything seems to rhyme with rad!  and so we're back with a round-up of a few cards for our favourite father figures and 2021 grads.  check them out below!1. super dadby regional assembly of text























 a few budget-friendly finds today i happened upon while visiting ikea's newest products. it's always fun to find affordable alternatives, and especially useful ones. all of these worth throwing into your frakta shopping bag next time you're there. 1. pivring backpackmade of recycled polyester, there's space enough for a lunch bag, extra clothes and a 14” computer or tablet. both water bottle and baseball cap fit in the mesh compartment. click here to eee more. $2.99























i was introduced recently to calgary-based photographer, sofia katherine and was immediately struck by her night photography; most especially the ones with the rocky mountains and starlit skies in the background. since a majority of her work involves wedding photography at night (a niche i now love), i invited her for a little q&a on the blog today to celebrate valentines and feature some of her stunning couple photos.  let's take a look!























 this post has moved to our new blog. click here to see!























as i scrolled through instagram the other night on my @floraltalk feed, it became apparent many of us are already getting into the holiday spirit. i've come across so many incredible wreaths i started to collect them all for inspiration. serendipitously the wind storm the other day, gifted us on our walk afterwards with enough boughs to make a few.  perhaps not as beautiful as these, but i'm certainly inspired. here are a few that crossed my radar. do you have a fave? 1. dried flower wreathby goldenfoot flower farma beautiful coloured gradient of various dried flowers.











older posts

home










featured post

exciting news! poppytalk has moved!

  exciting news! i have taken the plunge and have moved poppytalk  onto wordpress (well, a good portion of it anyway —many of the archive po...






popular posts









the incredible massive letterpress giveaway!
howdy from chicago.  my name is kelly and i have a little letterpress shop called paper stories .  back in december i decided to organize a ...





etsy + valentine's giveaway!
  you are loved print  by pinkoliveinc  on etsy    any day that celebrates love is a good day and today we're excited to be partnering w...










new poppytalk handmade site giveaway!
   to celebrate our site re-design at poppytalk handmade  that we launched yesterday and our new valentines and wedding market , we are givi...










poppytalk giveaway! summer art grouping by tastes orangey
undertow clare elsaesser of tastes orangey   is offering a beautiful giveaway here this week on the blog that we're  excited to announce...










poppytalk giveaway!  fine art polaroid prints
we love this series of fine art prints by andrea jenkins of hula seventy .  so much so we have purchased three to give away here on the blog...








© 2005 - 2021 poppytalk. powered by blogger.























about us


about us


contact us


press

work with us/partner








popular posts









the incredible massive letterpress giveaway!
howdy from chicago.  my name is kelly and i have a little letterpress shop called paper stories .  back in december i decided to organize a ...





etsy + valentine's giveaway!
  you are loved print  by pinkoliveinc  on etsy    any day that celebrates love is a good day and today we're excited to be partnering w...










new poppytalk handmade site giveaway!
   to celebrate our site re-design at poppytalk handmade  that we launched yesterday and our new valentines and wedding market , we are givi...












labels


diy


recipes


weekend projects


home decor


do it yourself


inspiration


photography


hotel style


paper goods


art


home and garden


scrapbook


collecting


fonts


tutorials


sunday reading


gardening


textiles


lighting


patio time


cool decorating trick


indoor gardening


shopping


student art


font friday


kitchen


polaroids


typography


ikea hack


5 minute diy













           copyright © 2021 
          
poppytalk archive































