


corpus christi church - catholic church pacific palisades santa monica malibu los angeles 






















 

home
message from our pastor
new parishioneronline registration form

make a donation
bulletin
local advertisers
mass assignment
calendar of events
liturgy
rcia
corpus christi administration
pastoral services
youth ministry & confirmation
religious education
sunday school
corpus christi school
leadership
photo gallery
history
resources
contact 

web design company   

        computaid web design los angeles




 



 



 



     







 









corpus christi
                            livestream mass 
 


 
 



fire rebuild corpus christi church


                                  corpus christi church fire rebuild qr code



fire relief corpus christi school donation

                                
                                  corpus christi school fire relief qr code




 


 


 
 




 
 

                                   
 
  today's readings
  saint of the day 






parish
                          
                          
                          
                          online
                          
                          registration





 direct debit online giving





 sacraments 
baptism:
sunday afternoon by
                              
                              appt. 


annointing of the sick:
                                                  on request. please call the office early in serious
                                                  
                                                  illness

marriage: 
                                                                      by arrangement 6 months in advance 





 
corpus
                              
                              christi office
p. o. box 25699
                                los angeles, ca 90025
phone: 
                                (310) 454-1328






 
 



 




 


.




what's 
                                  
                                  going on

                                  at

                                corpus christi church

my dear  parishioners,
corpus strong
recover and rebuild

                                i am so thankful to all who can join us on sundays for our corpus christi mass.
i am also very grateful to all the parishes who have invited us each week to use their church for our gatherings.
this coming sunday fr. francis kim of visitation parish has offered their church for our mass.
please join us: sunday, february 16th at 1 pm, church of the visitation in westchester, 6561 w. 88th street, los angeles, 90045.
there will be refreshments after mass.
please know that you all continue to be in my prayers!
siempre adelante!

monsignor liam kidney
                                pastor




please share your ideas with us
i would like your ideas on how we can share the gospel message during these troubled times. 

                                      i would love your opinion and input. 
 what are your opinions of what we can do to share the gospel?
 is there anything we can do for you, brothers and sisters, in our community?
 do you have any suggestions for our website? 

                                      please complete the form below and submit it to us. you do not have to provide your name and email address. it is optional.

name



e-mail



your suggestions









.


weekly stewardship report for	 sunday
total stewardship $
prior year total  $
weekly budget $ 
percentage of budget met:  


.
if	you	are	able,	we	hope	you	will	continue	contributing	to	help	support	the	important	work	that	we	all	do	as	a	parish.	we	  have	some	options:	if	you	visit	our	webpage:	corpuschristichurch.com	you	can click	here	to	give or	you	may	set	up	an	  electronic	recurring	payment	by	clicking	on: direct	debit	online	giving.	you	may	also	mail	your	envelope	to	corpus	  christi	church,	880	toyopa	drive,	pacific	palisades,	ca	90272
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 
videos on news of corpus christi church burning
https://youtu.be/3xkxjwlrwji
https://youtu.be/-ywoezhuinc
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 
as always, our priests are available to anoint those  who are very ill and to bury the dead. please call the parish office,  310-454-1328, and you will be directed to our emergency pager number.
god bless you all and keep you well!
 


 











































