






historion.net • history online














home
books
pages
authors
subjects














 

 














history is philosophy teaching by examples. – thucydides  to remain ignorant of things that happened before you were born is to remain a child. – cicero

















world history

a short history of the world • the story of mankind • the fifteen decisive battles of the world from marathon to waterloo






greek times 

a day in old athens • a smaller history of greece, from the earliest times to the roman conquest • athens - its rise and fall







roman world

history of julius caesar • history of rome from the earliest times down to 476 ad • life in the roman world of nero and st. paul • the gracchi, marius and sulla • the old roman world • the story of rome from the earliest times to the end of the republic • characters and events of roman history







middle ages

famous men of the middle ages • medieval europe • memoirs or chronicle of the fourth crusade and the conquest of constantinople



french history

france in the nineteenth century, 1830-1890 • history of the french revolution from 1789 to 1814 • napoleon's campaign in russia • the story of versailles



asian history

a narrative of the siege of delhi • the afghan wars, 1839-42 and 1878-80 • china • ancient china simplified • true version of the philippine revolution






english history

description of elizabethan england •  england under the tudors • how britannia came to rule the waves • the history of england • the history of england from the norman conquest to the death of john • the history of landholding in england • young folks' history of england • james the second • great britain and her queen • great britain and the american civil war • henry the second • history of king charles ii of england • the great boer war



the new world

the winning of canada - a chronicle of wolfe • the jesuits in north america in the seventeenth century • crusaders of new france







american history 

a brief history of the united states • history of california • on the trail of grant and lee • the united states since the civil war • a chronicle of the united states as a world power • formation of the union, 1750-1829 • rise of the new west, 1819-1829 • rough riders • the nation in a nutshell - a rapid outline of american history



latest books








pioneers of france in the new world




historic girls






rise of the new west, 1819-1829




knights of malta, 1523-1798






characters and events of roman...




life in the roman world of nero...






the tragedies of the medici




antwerp to gallipoli






history of julius caesar




a chronicle of the united states...






the story of mankind




on the trail of grant and lee






napoleon's campaign in russia




true version of the philippine...






a narrative of the siege of delhi




ireland since parnell






the united states since the civil...




china






the history of landholding in...




the nation in a nutshell - a rapid...






 














today's bookstoday's pages







the story of versailles




crusaders of new france




a day in old athens




a smaller history of greece, from the earliest times to the roman conquest




the story of mankind




ancient china simplified




the gracchi, marius and sulla




the nation in a nutshell - a rapid outline of american history




china




the winning of canada - a chronicle of wolfe



 
 









chapter ii. the religious revolution




chapter ii. from the night of the 4th of august to the 5th and 6th of october, 1789




chapter ii. the religious changes under henry viii. and edward vi.




chapter xxii. the reign of kwangsu




eleanora degli albizzi




chapter xv. the battle of waterloo, 1815.




chapter ix. the church in ireland during the reigns of mary and elizabeth (1553-1603)




chapter x. the church in ireland during the reign of the stuarts (1604-1689)




george the third - from war with republican france, a.d. 1792, to end of a.d. 1802.




chapter i. discussion of the elements of sea power.



 
 

 



popular bookspopular pages







the story of versailles




the nation in a nutshell - a rapid outline of american history




a day in old athens




a short history of the world




china




athens - its rise and fall




crusaders of new france




a brief history of the united states




the balkan wars, 1912-1913




ancient china simplified



 
 









chapter xv. the battle of waterloo, 1815.




chapter ii. the religious revolution




chapter ii. the religious changes under henry viii. and edward vi.




chapter ix. the church in ireland during the reigns of mary and elizabeth (1553-1603)




chapter viii. seven years' war, 1756-1763 - england's overwhelming power and conquests on the seas, in north america, europe, and east and west indies. sea battles: byng off minorca; hawke and conflans; pocock and d'ache' in east indies.




the last days of absolute monarchy - the french revolution




chapter vii. how the colonies were governed




chapter vii. roman literature.




chapter viii. grecian philosophy.




chapter xxii. the reign of kwangsu



 
 

 

 




 






home | books | pages | authors | subjects | contact | sitemap  • follow other readers and subscribe to our rss feed.   

 





href="https://statcounter.com/" target="_blank">
class="statcounter"
src="https://c.statcounter.com/738586/0/053606a0/1/"
alt="web analytics"
referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">

 





 

 


