















 

home | jeffrey kraus antique photographics





































jeffrey krausantique photographics
stereoviews, cdvs, daguerreotypes, etc.


search











home
buy
about
blog
sitemap
contact
 



main categories
items for sale

stereoviews
cartes de visite & cabinet cards
daguerreotypes
boudoir cards and larger format images
ambrotypes
tintypes
cases & frames
stereoscopes and stereoviewers
photographic books and publications & books with tipped-in photographs
 
special pages
for sale & more

recently modified
bargain bin
non photographic books & prints
my current ebay auctions
links to related sites








home
 



fine assortment of antique photographic images for sale!
 

tintype of photographers harley & nason with camera and image of abraham lincoln
 
thank you for visiting!
please be sure to view the fascinating collection of 8 travel albums
from the family of cortlandt field bishop!
recently modified link will show you which pages have been modified in the last month, many by having items added.
items added on a daily basis! take some time and explore the rare material offered throughout the site!
all forms of antique photographic images (stereoviews, daguerreotypes, ambrotypes, tintypes, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, boudoir cards, real photo postcards, etc.) as well as viewers and related books and publications for sale.
we have many additional items available for purchase not shown on the site. please let us know what you are looking for and we may be able to be of assistance.
thousands of images are available from our photographic archive for use in your book, film, documentary, slide show, etc. specialty areas are: early nyc, civil war, ballooning & lighter-than-air aviation, wire-walkers, human oddities, hudson river valley region, general americana, blacks, native americans, photographica, ferris wheels, gymnastic images, as well as many others. to view the images in our collection please click here.
we are always seeking to purchase quality material!
please email to ravenbookshop@gmail.com or call us at 845-242-7377 if you have items to offer.
if you send us a message through our buy link or our contact link and do not hear back within one day that means your contact did not come through to us.
please use the email address above and write to us directly! 
if you would like to explore my personal collection of photographic images, please follow this link.
please note: all material on this site is covered by copyright.
if you would like to use images and text on this site please contact us.
permission is generally granted for non-profit use.
if you would like to acquire high resolution scans of images for other purposes, please contact us.

buy 
stereoviews | cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and real photo postcards | daguerreotypes  boudoir cards and larger format images |
                          ambrotypes | tintypes | cases  stereoscopes and stereoviewers | photographic books and publications

this page was last revised on january 29, 2025.
copyright © 1996-2025 jeffrey kraus
                        contact jeff kraus











antiquephotographics.com by jeffrey kraus








