



 



petite, mini & tiny goldendoodle puppies for sale | goldenbelle kennels
































































 











goldenbelle doodles












						
			call today! 888-555-1234















goldenbelle doodles

goldenbelle@live.ca | 519-450-9820

	lucknow, on n0g 2h0
	









home
boys
girls
about us
available pups
australian ld
doubledoodles
mini doodles
petite doodles
featured pups
testimonials
videos
puppy application
nuvet
 






















welcome to goldenbelle kennels!


 we are now accepting applications and deposits for mini and petite doodles found here, puppy-application
updates and quick links

new litter of mini and a litter of petite goldendoodles have arrived safe and sound!  pups come with a 4 yr. written health warranty, first vaccines, deworming and a microchip upon request as well as a puppy pack including the pups baby blanket. pups are well socialized with children and other pets. reservation list is now open. to reserve your puppy we require a 500 deposit, which is transferable to any litter at anytime. please feel free to call or text me at 519-450-9820 anytime with any questions or to place a deposit.


available pups can be found here
below are the mini females ready to go!!

 
with their soft coats, curious energy, and loving eyes, puppies are one of the most incredible animals you could welcome into your home. more importantly though, with the right love and care they will grow to become lifelong companions that bring incomparable joy to you and your family.
at goldenbelle kennels, we specialize in breeding petite & mini  goldendoodles and bernedoodles in lucknow. but we’re not just a premium breeder of doodle puppies, we’re also a family of avid dog lovers. our number one priority is to find each of our puppies a loving and lasting home—and that’s where you come in!
the goldendoodle, australian labradoodle, and bernedoodle are all beloved crossbreeds sought in high demand by families around the world. our puppies are bred in petite snd mini sizes,
goldendoodle puppies for sale
goldendoodles are an adorable mix of a golden retriever and a poodle. these puppies are intelligent, loving, and playful. they tend to become fast friends with children and other animals, making them an ideal family pet. goldendoodles are also an excellent option for people with dog allergies who are looking for a furry friend, as most are hypoallergenic and don’t shed.


double doodle puppies
double doodle puppies, also known as the north american retriever, are a cross between two hybrid doodle dogs. they are an energetic, intelligent, and friendly breed that will fit right into any household. these dogs love to play and usually get along well with other pets.
finding our goldendoodle puppies a forever home
as all the dogs born here quickly become part of our family, it’s essential that we carefully screen prospective owners before offering them our goldendoodle and tiny goldendoodle puppies for sale. not only does this ensure that each dog’s new family will provide them with the quality loving environment they so greatly deserve, but it also allows us to get to know you! if you’re ready to add a new furry member to your family, please fill out our puppy application.
what we offer as a reputable goldendoodle breeder in ontario
as a premium breeder dedicated to raising top-quality pups, goldenbelle kennels takes the time to make sure our goldendoodles and other puppies for sale are in excellent health and have outstanding temperaments and warm hearts. each of our puppies comes with a four-year health warranty. they are also  micro-chipped (upon request), vaccinated, dewormed, and receive their first application of advantage multi or a revolution for heartworm and flea prevention before they leave.
our puppies receive a high-quality nuvet immune booster supplement daily. your dogs will love the taste, and you will love the results! to order nuvet, please call them at 800-474-7044 or visit their site here. this is the food we recommend you give your dog for a lifetime. https://tlcpetfood.com/nutrition/goldenbelledoodles/

whenever possible, we approach our puppies’ health and wellness holistically to help them live long and happy lives. as soon as they’re born, we make sure to give them plenty of love and attention, so their transition into your home will be seamless.
with their soft coats, curious energy, and loving eyes, puppies are among the most incredible animals you could welcome into your home. more importantly, though, with the proper love and care, they will grow to become lifelong companions that bring incomparable joy to you and your family.
at goldenbelle kennels, we specialize in breeding petite and mini goldendoodles and doubledoodles and the occasional litter of petite bernedoodles in lucknow, ontario. as a premium breeder and a family of avid dog lovers, our top priority is to find each of our puppies a loving forever home—and that’s where you come in!
when you take home one of our puppies, they’ll come with a four-year health warranty. they’re also micro-chipped (upon request), vaccinated, dewormed, and may to october pups receive their first heartworm and flea prevention application before they leave
we approach our puppies’ health and wellness holistically whenever possible to help them live long and happy lives. as soon as they’re born, we make sure to give them plenty of love and attention.  we begin crate training, potty training, and teaching them basic commands.
everything we do for our pups ensures they grow up to be well-socialized and confident and can transition into your home seamlessly.
goldendoodle, double doodle puppies for sale
the goldendoodle, double doodle are all beloved crossbreeds sought in high demand by families around the world. our puppies are bred in , petite, and mini sizes.
the dogs in our breeding program are chosen for their exceptional pedigree, desirable qualities, and exquisite health records. they get plenty of exercise, love, and training, just like their puppies.
goldendoodle puppies for sale
goldendoodles are an adorable mix of a golden retriever and a poodle. these puppies are intelligent, loving, and playful. they tend to become fast friends with children and other animals, making them ideal family pets.
goldendoodle puppies are also an excellent option for people with dog allergies looking for a furry friend, as most are hypoallergenic and don’t shed.
they tend to be easygoing pets who enjoy relaxing at home with their humans just as much as they do being active. they’re manageable dogs to care for and loyal pets who will love to stay by your side.
double doodle puppies
double doodle puppies, also known as the north american retriever, are a cross between two hybrid doodle dogs. they’re an energetic, intelligent, and friendly breed that will fit right into any household. these dogs love to play and usually get along well with other pets.
updates
new litter of minis and petites expected to arrive mid october. we are taking reservations for these litters now, pups will be ready to go in december. 2500.  call or text 519-450-9820

mini and petite  doodles can be found here
our puppies receive a high-quality nuvet immune booster supplement daily. your dogs will love the taste, and you will love the results! to order nuvet, please call them at 800-474-7044 or click on the nevet page to order online,
new

so, you are about to be a puppy parent – congratulations! maybe this is your first time or maybe you are adding to your crew, either way, we are so excited for you. we want to make sure that you are prepared to be the very best puppy parent you can be and offer you an amazing resource.
being a responsible dog owner ensures that you provide a plan to train your canine companion to be the calm, well-mannered and the best behaved doggie that you could ever want. a trained dog is less stressful, not only in the beginning, but for life. proper socialization and manners will give you the dog you are envisioning. but you have to do the work and stay committed. they deserve it!
start training them the day they come home and do it from the comfort of your own house. online training is one thing, but an entire lifetime membership is a whole new adventure for you and your pup. please get started today, before you pick up your new fur baby, and make a plan to set you both up for success! make sure to download the app!!
so, how do you do that? visit www.baxterandbella.com and use coupon code: *goldenbelle* for 25% off. that means for $178, you can feel confident that you are giving your pup and your family the relationship you desire for a lifetime of fun, excitement and happiness!
  below is the link to the dog food we feed and  recommend you give your dog for a lifetime.

trusted & fed premium quality pet food

contact goldenbelle kennels for the next step in adding a loving addition to your family.
 visits by appointment only!!
get your petite or mini  goldendoodle, labradoodle, or bernedoodle from goldenbelle kennels in lucknow, ontario
if you’re ready for the love and warmth of a doodle puppy in your home, fill out our puppy application to get on the list to reserve a pup from our next available litter. give us a call at 519-450-9820 to learn more about our puppies or breeding program today!





















tlc pet food is a complete and balanced diet, made for a lifetime of superior-quality nutrition. we feed and recommend tlc pet food for all of the pets in our care.
save $5 on your first order when you use our link: https://tlcpetfood.com/nutrition/goldenbelledoodles/















contact us













name*


first



last

email*

messagewould you like to receive emails from us in the future?*


yes



no
phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ


goldenbelle
is a recommended
goldendoodle & australian labradoodle
breeder

  








contact us

name*


first



last

email*

messagewould you like to receive emails from us in the future?*


yes



no
namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ


goldenbelle  is a recommended goldendoodle & australian labradoodle breeder


  



© 2025 goldenbelle doodles | sitemap | privacy policy





goldenbelle doodles
homeboysgirlsabout usavailable pupsaustralian lddoubledoodlesmini doodlespetite doodlesfeatured pupstestimonialsvideospuppy applicationnuvet

				× close panel			



















 
