









masonic care community of utica, ny










































































skip to content








click here to view covid-19 updates



































donate











map










(315) 798-4800







































 
health care services skilled nursing life at the health pavilion affordability & insurance innovative care, our snoezelen room adult residential care life at wiley hall assisted living or residential care? rehabilitation services home care long term home care short term home care child care acacia villagegiving opportunities make an impact give holiday benefit concert 1893 society veterans memorial garden pote legacy societyjoin our team benefits & culture employee spotlights become a volunteer available positionsabout our trustees & the nys fraternity our people our healthcare team calendar shop our online store event spaces round lake faq mcc & resident policies blogcontact contact us campus map















menu 
health care services skilled nursing life at the health pavilion affordability & insurance innovative care, our snoezelen room adult residential care life at wiley hall assisted living or residential care? rehabilitation services home care long term home care short term home care child care acacia villagegiving opportunities make an impact give holiday benefit concert 1893 society veterans memorial garden pote legacy societyjoin our team benefits & culture employee spotlights become a volunteer available positionsabout our trustees & the nys fraternity our people our healthcare team calendar shop our online store event spaces round lake faq mcc & resident policies blogcontact contact us campus map
















home 







 






















the complete care you deserve






friendly, flexible senior care that nurtures the body, mind, and soul.






discover our community




















care services





















skilled nursing







warm, accessible, complete care provided by a team of highly trained healthcare professionals, all in a household environment.



















adult residential care







the assistance you need, in an environment that promotes autonomy and dignity while providing support and care.



















rehabilitative care







complete and comprehensive short-term and long-term rehabilitation, uniquely specialized and designed to help you heal better.



















home care







compassionate care delivered by a team of exceptional healthcare professionals – right in your own home.

















about us






masonic care community









the masonic care community provides a wide range of exceptional services to people throughout the utica area and beyond. our mission is to support, nurture, and educate those whose lives we touch by providing them with the care and services they deserve, with compassion and pride.
read more about masonic care community























“i feel better than i did five years ago”

“i feel better than i did five years ago – maybe more than five! most of the credit for this improvement goes to wiley hall.”



dennis daugherty – utica, ny (lives in wiley hall)







“i am so happy at mcc!”

“the nurses, aides and staff treat me so well. everything is taken care of here. i love to read and greatly enjoy the library cart. i am so happy at mcc!”



joanne reppel - utica, ny (lives in health pavilion)







“he was in excellent hands”"from the day, our dad moved into wiley hall and as he transitioned to skilled nursing care in the health pavilion, our family knew he was in excellent hands."

the sheerin family (jim, kevin, richard , susan, brian and william sheerin the iii) – utica, ny







"their only priority is the residents"you are getting the real deal at masonic care community. this isn't a medical team that has other nursing homes to visit or offices in the community. their only priority is the residents at mcc. we are so lucky to have dr. olteanu, dr. erim, and dr. mccormick. many employees have also had family members as residents and can attest to the quality care being given by our doctors. i am one of them. they are truly the best of the best!

melissa battle - utica, ny







“words cannot express how grateful my family and i are”"i want to thank everyone who hand a hand in taking care of my mother over the past four months. words cannot express how grateful my family and i are for the loving, compassionate care that our mother received while at masonic. from the fourth floor to admitting, social services, housekeeping, community life, dietary, rehab and especially the albany staff who lovingly took care of mom’s needs. you hear all over that masonic is the place that you want your family to be if they need rehab or long term care. but until you actually have a family member experiencing the wonderful care that they are given here you won’t know how true these words are! mom is now joining dad in heaven after 35 years of being without him and we want to thank you all for helping make her journey a peaceful one."

gert flint family (ted and family)


 









 


























thank you to our donors






each year, the masonic care community helps to serve thousands of people on our campus by offering healthcare, child care, adult care, and independent living programs. but, we can’t do it alone, and we welcome your support. your generosity ensures that we can keep making an important difference in the lives of so many.






support our goals

















community news






































































									have a healthy and happy holiday season!								




the holidays are a time for joy, celebration, and spending time with loved ones. however, for many, the holiday season can create real challenges in maintaining healthy habits. the abundance…










									family dynamics and the holiday season								




tips to help you better enjoy your holiday family gatherings families will start to get together around the  holidays, which can be a source of connection,  joy, and celebration. however,…










									reducing the risk of falls								




once you reach a certain age, it’s not unusual to personally know someone who has been injured by a fall of some kind. the thing about aging is that the…










									aging in place: technology’s role in senior independence								




greater independence through technology it was only a few decades ago that people didn’t have a choice about where they could spend the years of the latter part of their…










									new trends and technology for hearing aids								




the future is here and it sounds promising! hearing loss can occur for a variety of reasons, but the most common reason is aging. fifty percent of people over the…










									mcc newsletter summer 2024								




take a look at the 2024 summer newsletter! the 2024 summer newsletter










									2024 activity association district five senior olympics								




have yourself a day mcc! wednesday was a special day for our mcc residents that participated in the 2024 activity association district five senior olympics! mcc claimed eight gold medals…










									exploring your options for elderly care								




what are the advantages and disadvantages of aging in place vs. senior community living? if you are wondering about what choices you might have regarding yours or a loved one’s…










									empire state masons 2024 summer edition								




happenings and events in the masonic community of new york (pdf) empire state masons magazine, volume 73, number 2, summer 2024










									2024 triple “e” award recipient								




congratulations to betsy kurdziolek on receiving the triple “e” award for this past quarter. the “triple e” is awarded to an employee who excels in the performance of their duties,…






















learn more about our services






at the masonic care community, we understand that getting skilled nursing care is an important decision for you or your loved one. that’s why we work with you to help you find the best possible care. if you have any questions or would like more information on the services we provide, please fill out the convenient contact form and we’ll be in touch shortly.















2020 • 2021 • 2022
2023 • 2024














 











name*
 

i am contacting you on behalf of:
myselfother

please leave this field empty.

email*
 

phone*
 

i am looking for information about:
adult carehome careskilled nursingrehabdonatingchild careother

questions, comments or concerns
 











yes, i'd like to receive updates on the latest news and events at masonic care community.


δ



















contact us






masonic care community






2150 bleecker st
utica, ny 13501






(315) 798-4800

















facebook














instagram














youtube














linkedin














learn more








about






care services






giving






join our team






contact









donate






map












	[custom-facebook-feed feed=1]

















visit our affiliate sites





























































© 2025 masonic home ny | site by mpw marketing | accessibility statement | privacy policy






© 2025 masonic home ny
site by mpw marketing
accessibility statement
privacy policy


























masonic care community health pavilion - skilled nursing facility
centers for medicare and medicaid service rating









 

 

























