     ford dealership in farmington mo | serving farmington and park hills | sam scism ford                                                                sam scism ford        sales 573-430-1687    service 573-430-1693  parts 573-430-1680      5019 flat river roadfarmington, mo 63640                            service        map        contact                       sam scism ford             call 573-430-1687   directions                       new   new inventory   new specials   featured vehicles   courtesy vehicle specials   order a vehicle   commercial inventory   warranty forever     used   used inventory   used specials   vehicles under 15k   get your trade offer     specials   new specials   used specials   featured vehicles   special offers   service & parts specials     finance & trade   finance & trade   finance center   get pre-approved   get your trade offer   sell your car for more   payment calculator     service & parts   service & parts   service center   service appointment   ford pickup & delivery   ford mobile service   service specials   fordpass   parts center   shop ford parts   batteries   brakes   tires   ford recalls   owner's manuals   warranty forever     research   inventory lineup   new ford trucks   new ford suvs   2025 ford explorer   ford electric vehicles   ev charging how-to guide   warranty forever     about us   about us   about sam scism ford   contact us   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers   events   community involvement                     home   new   new inventory   new specials   featured vehicles   courtesy vehicle specials   order a vehicle   commercial inventory   warranty forever     used   used inventory   used specials   vehicles under 15k   get your trade offer     specials   new specials   used specials   featured vehicles   special offers   service & parts specials     finance & trade   finance & trade   finance center   get pre-approved   get your trade offer   sell your car for more   payment calculator     service & parts   service & parts   service center   service appointment   ford pickup & delivery   ford mobile service   service specials   fordpass   parts center   shop ford parts   batteries   brakes   tires   ford recalls   owner's manuals   warranty forever     research   inventory lineup   new ford trucks   new ford suvs   2025 ford explorer   ford electric vehicles   ev charging how-to guide   warranty forever     about us   about us   about sam scism ford   contact us   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers   events   community involvement               






schedule service
go 







get financing
go 







current offers
go 







trade appraisal
go 









    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         




      search new inventory     search used inventory                                                   disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                          

see what our customers are saying


read our reviews




see what our customers are saying


read our reviews


         a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory   

      

welcome to sam scism ford in farmington, mo
at sam scism ford, the team at our family-owned and operated missouri ford dealership works hard every day to deliver an experience that customers will appreciate. from our no cost to you warranty forever that's available on many of our new and used cars for sale to our flexible subprime credit financing options, you're sure to love your time here. and when you need to schedule ford service, know that we also have you covered. stop searching for a nearby ford dealership and visit sam scism ford, where our reputation is your guarantee since 1937!
learn more



sales hours      monday 8:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 6:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed    




       


follow us on social media


                  


     





car shopping made easy
there's a new ford car, truck or suv for every lifestyle at our mo ford dealership. from rugged ford f-150 and super duty® trucks to versatile ford explorer and escape trims, you're sure to find something to love when you shop with us. and if you'd like to save money on the ford you desire, check out our used cars for sale in farmington, mo. we have both ford and lincoln models waiting here. plus, our ford finance experts can set you up with the right auto payment plan for your budget. browse our new ford specials and see how you can drive home in a new ford or used ford or any used make and model from sam scism ford now.





we keep you going
is your ford maintenance light on? or, are you in need of auto repairs that need diagnosing? the sam scism ford service center can handle it all. we want to make sure your ford truck, car or suv stays in tiptop condition, which is easy when you visit us for all your routine ford service needs. from quick oil changes and tire rotations to car brake replacements and battery installation, we can take care of anything your vehicle needs and have you back on the road in no time. plus, we only use genuine ford parts when available and we sell oem ford accessories to help style your ride. when you visit us, make sure to ask about our ford service and parts specials.






              although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.
although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week. all rebates to the dealer. all prior sales excluded. in stock units only. 0% offers may be in lieu of factory rebates, and are based on approved tier 1 credit through ford motor credit. we make every attempt to display 100% accurate information, please call ahead to verify any information. please note, dealer administrative fee ($599.00), sales taxes and finance charges are additional to the advertised price. residency restrictions apply. see dealer for complete qualifications and details. services not intended for california residents.
             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures sam scism ford | 5019 flat river road, farmington, mo 63640 | sales: 573-430-1687 |                
















              