


human devolution



human
devolution: a vedic alternative to darwin's
theory
 by michael a. cremo



 

 contact info

announcing
the long-awaited sequel to 
forbidden archeology: 
the hidden history of the human race 
over 200,000 copies sold in 13
languages!

human devolution: 
a vedic alternative to darwin's theory
released on september 28, 2003

584 pages, including a 36-page bibliography
hardbound, 6 x 9 "
isbn 0-89213-334-1
retail price $35.00
anthropology/evolution
published by bbt science books

order
now 1-360-595-0481 
order online 

contact unlimited
resources for more information on obtaining review 
copies, booking michael cremo as a speaker or distribution/media outreach.




 introduction table
of contents 
reviews  discourses
 errata
mcremo.com website forbidden archeology website  the forbidden archeologist
website 
 
my science my religion
website 



new evidence
challenges darwin's theory
best-selling author further defies evolutionists



 san diego, ca human
devolution: a vedic alternative to darwin's theory (torchlight publishing, 
september 2003), the highly anticipated sequel to the controversial
bestseller forbidden
archeology, 
continues the literary drama with the same astute attention to
detail and ground breaking revelations
as its predecessor.

forbidden archeology documented a massive amount of evidence
showing that humans have existed on
earth for hundreds of millions of years. such anomalous evidence,
contradicting darwinian evolution,
catalyzed a global inquiry, "if we did not evolve from apes, then where
did we come from?" human
devolution is author michael
a. cremo's definitive answer to this question.

"we did not evolve up from matter; instead we devolved, or came down,
from the realm of pure
consciousness, spirit," says cremo. he bases his response on modern
science and the world's
great wisdom traditions, including the vedic philosophy of ancient
india. cremo proposes that
before we ask the question, "where did human beings come from? we
should first contemplate,
"what is a human being?" cremo asserts that humans
are a combination of matter, mind, and
consciousness (or spirit).

human devolution contains solid scientific evidence showing how
a subtle mind element and a
conscious self that can exist apart from the body have been
systematically eliminated from
mainstream science by a process of knowledge filtration. "any time
knowledge filtration takes
place you can expect a great deal of resistance, criticism, and
ridicule when it is exposed and
challenged," says cremo.

michael cremo is no stranger to resistance. in 1993 when forbidden
archeology was released
there was a vast array of response. from anthropologist richard leakey
calling it "...pure humbug"
to fingerprints of the gods author graham hancock referring to
it as "one of the landmark
intellectual achievements of the late 20th century," it has received
both positive and negative
international attention. in addition, in 1996 when
nbc aired its special the
mysterious origins
of man, hosted by charlton heston, and featured the book,
establishment scientists felt so 
threatened by this program that they lobbied the federal communications
commission to
censure and fine nbc for airing it (read the complete story in forbidden archeology's
impact).

despite the criticism surrounding it, forbidden
archeology is a huge success. both it and human
devolution present human origins in a new perspective. the two
books are the culmination of
eighteen years of research. the result, unlike the
early creationist perspective, offers a new
scientifically based take on human origins. forbidden archeology
gave us the cover-up and now
human devolution brings us the true story.


 

michael
cremo at the darwin museum in moscow standing in front of paintings of
charles 
 darwin and alfred
r. wallace, cofounders of the theory of evolution by natural selection


 

 

 copyright
2003-2025 unlimited resources/bbt science books




