 


rocketreviews.com


































rocketreviews




          reviews
        

all reviews
my reviews
random review
submit review




          flight logs
        

flights by flyer
flights by date
my flights
my rockets
flight statistics




          reference
        

clubs
motors
products
manufacturers
glossary




          more ...
        

builds
openrocket designs
photo albums
site information
what's new

more features ...




          sign in
        

sign in
create account
forgot password
























×
  we have recently moved to a new server. if you run into any issues, please let us know through the contact us link at the bottom of the page. thanks for visiting rocketreviews.





welcome
welcome to rocketreviews.com (formerly emrr).
rocketreviews.com is the home of almost 5000 reviews of rocketry kits and products. written by visitors to rocketreviews.com like you, the reviews cover everything from low-power model rocket kits to high-power rocket motors.
the site's flight log allows you to record and share your rockets and their flights.  the builds feature helps you document your rocketry projects.
at rocketreviews.com, you'll also find a large collection of rocketry resources such as a list of rocketry clubs, and large libraries of openrocket design files and rocksim design files. a number of rocketry tools and calculators are available to help you design, build, and fly your rockets.
as you explore rocketreviews.com, you'll also find a number of fun things such as a huge library of rocketry videos and a collection of photo albums.




latest reviews

new way xarconian destroyer (2024-12-01)
loc/precision r.a.m. (2024-11-24)
aerospace specialty products aerobee 100 junior (2024-10-27)
rocketerium maxtermind is a winner (2024-10-19)
epic ii disappoints (2024-09-16)




latest builds

the new jonrocket.com trailer (2024-12-22)
 (2024-11-09)
fury - 3in nike smoke (2024-07-24)
nuke dukem extreme (2024-06-18)
nike smoke extreme (2024-05-30)















featured review

estes screaming eaglemanufacturer:estes diameter:1.0000 incheslength:16.7500 inchesskill level:2 style:militaryconstruction rating: flight rating: overall rating: contributed by bob allen
brief:
single 18mm engined f-15 eagle jet fighter design, with a 12 inch parachute
construction:
this kit contained the following:

 1 - bt50 white body tube 10.75 inches (mine was crunched, so i replaced
it)
 1 - bj-20 engine tube, w/hook, block and centering rings.
 1 - pnc-50e plastic nosecone w/cockpit bubble
 2 - 1/8" by 9" wooden dowels
 1 - plastic parts set (nose and tail for missiles)
 1 - rubber shock cord
 1 - launch lug
 1 - assembled 12 inch chute
 1 - waterslide decal sheet
 4 - shees of laser cut balsa wings, jet engine pods, and tail fins.
 4 - pats of clay weight



i went into my local hobby shop (fine scale hobbies in stratford, ct. really
nice guys!) for some sanding sealer, and this kit caught my eye, so i bought
it)
 directions were up to the usual estes standard. of course, this means when
attaching plastic to wood or paper, they say to use model glue. i always use 3
min. epoxy.
 i changed the shock cord mount, going with a kevlar®
cord to the mmt setup instead of the paper to the bt wall mount they use.
 the wing assemblies were very simple to assemble. just glue the three wing
pieces together, and set aside. after they dry, sand a 45 degree angle on the
root edge, and you're done.
 the jet
engine pods are the challenge. at the bottom end, as shown in the picture, you
actually have to bend the bottom balsa piece up to meet the edge of the pod.
estes says to white glue it and tape it in place overnight. well, that
obviously won't hold. so i used some zap-a-gap ca glue to hold it in place,
then filled with wood glue. a challenge, but still do-able.
 the missiles were simple to assemble. just attach the nose and tail fins,
and paint.
finishing:
the winds definately need filling in with wood filler, with all the holes and
joints in them. once that was done, painting was easy. i went with one color
gray and the orange stripe, rather than the three color gray.
 the decals were horrible. yes, they are waterslide, but the are very
fragile. and the colors make it look almost neon. very tacky. i suggest no one
else use this color/decal set and instead do a little research and get decals
for an f-15 from their local hobby shop.
 estes
did do 1 good thing though. they said paint the missiles separately, then
attach them when the main model is finished.
 the construction is worth 4 1/2 points, but -1 point for the horrendous
color/decal set.
construction rating: 
3
out of 5
flight:
first flight was a b6-4. this delay is too long for a b motor. the rocket did
one roll, and then flew upright, until it curled over at apogee, the came down
very quickly, until the ejection charge went off at about 50 feet. recovered
with no damage. altitude was about 350 or so feet. 
second flight was with a b6-2. this is a much better delay. ejection charge
went off just after apogee. no damage. 
third flight was c6-3. great flight, with ejection charge going off about
250-300 feet off of the ground. no damage. altitude was around 500 feet.
flight rating: 
3
out of 5
summary:
this is a good kit and fun to build. but estes needs to learn what colors
actually work together. use different paint and decals, and it becomes a great
kit.
overall rating: 
3
out of 5
other:
use ca or expoxy when cementing the bottom of the engine pods to the sides.browse our database of about 4,300 reviews of rocketry kits and other products.






sponsored ads



 semroc rocket stand ... (amazon)

 


 semroc rocket stand ... (amazon)

 


 lakebyin rocket launcher ... (amazon)

 


 semroc flying model ... (amazon)

 


 semroc flying model ... (amazon)

 


 semroc flying model ... (amazon)

 


 national geographic ... (amazon)

 


 semroc flying model ... (amazon)

 


 semroc flying model ... (amazon)

 


 semroc flying model ... (amazon)

 


 estes boosted bertha ... (amazon)

 


 semroc flying model ... (amazon)

 













copyright © 2025 - rocketreviews.com






 - contact us -






