



   




welcome to the university of south florida | tampa, st. petersburg, sarasota-manatee, fl


























emergency - 




usf.edu/usfalerts





skip to main content


university of south florida









search






search for: 







main navigation
menu



give now



about usf




about usf


overviewmission and goalshistory and traditionsfacts and statisticseconomic impactstudent consumer informationleadershipaccreditationwork at usfvisit usf





academics




academics
with a proven track record of commitment to student success, usf offers a path for
      every student. our academic programs strive to meet the needs of individual learners
      and turn knowledge and experience into career preparedness. 

overviewcollegesundergraduate majorsgraduate programscourses and calendarsundergraduate and graduate studiescontinuing educationacademic resourceslibraries





admissions



admissions


overviewfreshmentransfergraduateinternationalusf health





locations




locations


overviewtampa campusst. petersburg campussarasota-manatee campusinstructional sites





campus life




campus life


overviewcampus resources and usf bookstorehousing and diningtechnology resourcesfinancial resourceshealth and safetyinternships and student employmentactivities and programsarts and cultureathletics and fitness





research



research


overviewusf research & innovationstudent researchresearch and innovation news








students
faculty & staff
alumni
parents & family
community



myusf
directory








university of south florida home

pause





               				find a major
               			
               				search for undergraduate majors offered at usf.
               			

               				estimate cost
               			
               				review tuition, financial aid and scholarship opportunities.
               			

               				apply now
               			
               				start your application to become a usf bull.
               			

               				visit usf
               			
               				view campus maps, virtual tours and get directions.
               			




usf features








student success
usf academic success center expansion boosts student achievement
a record number of students are benefiting from the usf academic success center. much
                  of that can be attributed to a new care management model that provides tailored support
                  for not only academic mentoring and tutoring, but also non-academic issues students
                  may face, especially those experiencing on-campus learning for the first time.










student success
how usf architecture students and urban designers support tampa bay's growth
usf grads are at the forefront of some of the region’s largest projects, including
                     airports, city centers and schools. learn how usf’s architecture program is helping
                     ensure there will be enough talent to keep up with tampa bay’s growth.









student success
from ballet to brain injury advocacy: meet usf student and miss tampa alexandra de
                        roos
after a concussion ended her dream of professional ballet, alexandra de roos enrolled
                     at usf as a double major in biomedical sciences and psychology with the goal of becoming
                     a neuropsychiatrist. she was also recently crowned miss tampa and plans to use her
                     pulpit to promote brain trauma awareness.










we are one usf

tampa campus 
st. petersburg campus 
sarasota-manatee campus 
about usf 








               				best value
               			
               				usf ranks as the “best value” among all florida public and private universities for
               second consecutive year.
               			

               				top graduate programs
               			
               				usf features 11 graduate programs ranked in the top 50 among all public and private
               institutions
               			

               				top patent producer
               			
               				usf ranks among the top 15 public universities in new patents
               			

               				points of pride
               			
               				discover more points of pride that distinguish usf among the nation's top universities
               			





aau membership fueling usf’s momentum

usf’s historic invitation to join the association of american universities has taken
                     what many in tampa bay have once considered a “best-kept secret” to an unprecedented
                     new level. being an aau member is a tremendous milestone for usf as it formalizes
                     usf's position as a leading research university. usf is the first public university
                     in florida to be invited to join the aau in nearly 40 years and is now one of only
                     two institutions from the state university system of florida to serve as an aau member.
read more about usf's impact since joining aau 





usf news & events


            usf news
            




        
                  usf women’s lacrosse makes historic debut with student-athletes studying to become
                  lawyers, chemists and more
                  
usf women’s lacrosse dominated its debut game in front of more than 2,000 fans at
               corbett stadium. as the inaugural team, the players are well aware that they will
               forever be a part of usf history and are working tirelessness to ensure their legacy
               extends beyond the field.





         
                  from classroom to discovery: usf students make waves with transformative research
                  
this weekend, university of south florida students are showcasing their research at
               one of the largest multidisciplinary research conferences in the country.


more news 

usf calendarfebfebruary22women's basketball vs. memphisfebruary 227:00 pm – 9:00 pmmarmarch1bulls family festmarch 110:00 am – 2:00 pmmarmarch8usf green and gold galamarch 85:00 pm – 10:00 pmmore events registrar dates and deadlines student events calendar 




university of south florida





menu

about usf
academics
admissions
locations
campus life
research


administrative units
regulations & policies
human resources
work at usf
emergency & safety
title ix


usf health
usf athletics
usf alumni
support usf
usf libraries
usf world




4202 e. fowler avenuetampa, fl 33620, usa813-974-2011

facebook
x



youtube
linkedin
instagram



copyright © 2025, university of south florida. all rights reserved.
this website is maintained by university communications and marketing.

privacy
site map
contact usf
visit usf
accessibility



  

