



 








bmi | songview search





  


















about


creators


music users


news


video


advocacy








 






a combined view of ascap and bmi musical works.


search by title, performer, writer / composer, publisher, bmi work id or iswc





                                    title
                                
performer
writer/composer
publisher

                                    bmi work id
                                

                                    iswc
                                











please select
title
performer
writer/composer
publisher
bmi work id
iswc










search in...

what is this?



songview: search results include works where one or more interests are licensed by bmi, and an expanded group of additional works not represented by bmi but with interests licensed by and reconciled with another songview participating society. this is the default selection.
bmi repertoire: search results include only those works where one or more interests are licensed by bmi.
100% bmi works: search results include only those works where all interests are licensed by bmi.








                                    songview
                                




                                    bmi repertoire
                                





                                        100% bmi works can only be filtered on a title search
                                    
100% bmi works







need help?





 




by using this database, you are confirming that you have read, understood, and agreed to our    terms and conditions of use   |   view disclaimer








get more with songview

                    songview was developed by ascap and bmi, the
                    nation’s two largest performance rights organizations,
                    to provide music users with the first comprehensive,
                    reliable and consistent data on songwriters, composers,
                    music publishers and copyright ownership shares for the
                    vast majority of songs licensed in the united states.
                

                    with the launch of songview, ascap and bmi are working together to make copyright data more accessible and transparent for all of our partners.
                









howit works


                        this innovative new system ingests song ownership information from each pro,
                        processes and reconciles that information based on agreed-upon rules, and then
                        sends the reconciled data back out to bmi and ascap’s public, searchable
                        databases.
                    








moredetailed information


                        with songview technology integrated into the search tools, ascap and bmi are
                        able to seamlessly display detailed, aggregated copyright ownership data for
                        more than 20 million musical works in the combined repertoires, including a
                        breakdown of shares by pro.
                    








more completecopyright data


                        when you see the songview checkmark next to a song, you know that the
                        songwriters, publishers and ownership shares shown on the ascap and bmi websites
                        are accurate, reliable and consistent between the two pros.
                    











contact
sitemap
jobs





creators

login
join
how we pay
faq
calendar
awards



services

bmi live
bmi online services
music licensing



music users

need a license?
types of copyright
digital licensing



about bmi

contact
press room
sitemap
jobs at bmi
international
advocacy




broadcast music, inc.


                                bmi represents more than 1.4 million songwriters, composers, and publishers with over 22.4 million musical works.
                            


follow us
















                    copyright 1994-2025 ©, broadcast music, inc.® unless otherwise specified. bmi®, bmi.com® and broadcast music, inc.® are registered trademarks of broadcast music, inc. • terms of use • privacy policy
















