


whole life visions



























receive event updates & info
                  about what's on the horizon









your email:

 subscribe  cancel






 
 

jackie bredl-dietrich

"the desire to reach 
          for the stars is ambitious.

          the desire to reach hearts is wise." 
~ maya angelou

 
this quote expresses the depth 
        of what whole life visions represents. the services jackie provides come 
        from the heart, reach hearts and open hearts. the coaching, 
        speaking and consulting 
        she offers is wise and it works! 
welcome and thank you for visiting 
        our website. you're invited to spend time exploring. please contact 
        jackie if you're interested in learning more about whole life 
        visions. 



jackie's vision 
jackie creates shifts and empowers 
        lives! she helps you explore how you learn and take action in your life. 
        she reveals new possibilities and creates desired outcomes by enhancing 
        awareness about people's daily conversations. 
her intention is to assist individuals 
        and organizations to: 

effectively communicate 
        improve their ability to connect with others 
        remove obstacles 
        create professionalism 
        believe and trust in themselves 
        embrace uncertainty 
        increase personal well-being 
        be more effective 
      
jackie has extensive experience in 
        health and wellness businesses and initiatives, organizational needs assessment 
        and performance improvement. 
she’s known for her balanced 
        combination of energy, substance, intuition, enthusiasm, creative thinking, 
        interaction, humor and 
sincerity. 
she partners with people and 
        organizations who are "ready" to seek lasting change and mastery, those 
        committed to bringing results, openness, vision, passion and spirit into 
        their life or workplace. 
awards
progress 
        award recipient 2003



  
                     
        
honored 
        as the young career woman 2004
  
                     
        
success 
        story 

"a 
          mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its 
          old dimensions."    
~ 
          oliver wendell holmes

"as part of 
        the wellness program instituted for the firefighters, i had the opportunity 
        to coach with jackie. at first, i didn't know much about coaching but 
        decided to try it as a way to learn more about diet, exercise and stress 
        management. 
after coaching 
        with jackie for 7 months, i not only achieved my physical health goals 
        but also learned new techniques and disciplines that improved me as a 
        person both at work and at home. 
i recommend coaching 
        as part of a wellness program for any employer, but especially emergency 
        services. offering opportunities such as this makes employees feel valued 
        and gives them techniques to deal with the extra stress of work. 
coaching enabled 
        me to be more patient, mindful and observant. this allowed me to become 
        a more focused, efficient firefighter; a better person for my family; 
        and have more fun!
i also highly recommend 
        jackie as a coach and wellness consultant. along with being a committed, 
        caring and intuitive person, she is very professional and knowledgeable, 
        making her an excellent choice as a coach, speaker and consultant to create 
        a motivating and healthy workplace."
~ 
        ron, firefighter 
upcoming 
        events



jackie bredl-dietrich, ches, pcc
        life & business coach, speaker, consultant & author
        p.o. box 1101, wisconsin rapids, wi 54495
        715-421-4700
jackie@wholelifevisions.com
 

 






welcome 
          | who
          is
           jackie | coaching | speaking | consulting | jackie's
           store
newsletters | jackie's
          calendar | contact
            jackie







