























































the mandelbear's musings — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































mdlbear
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














mdlbear







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement




the mandelbear's musings — livejournal(recent entries)
(archive)
(friends)
(profile)
navigate: (previous 50 entries)jan. 31st, 202207:26 pm - public service announcement: crossposts to livejournal failing denise reports on dw that crossposting to    livejournal [is] silently failing, and has been for at least the last    week.  this is not something that dw has any control over.  will    crossposting ever work again?  who knows?  importing from lj is also failing, so if you were counting on that... if you are reading this on livejournal, please be aware that you have    already missed several posts of mine, and it's entirely possible that you    may never see another.  if this fails to crosspost -- and i have no reason    to think that it won't -- i am going to crosspost this by hand, once, and then stop trying.  if any posts get through after this,    that would be nice, but you shouldn't count on it. if you actually want to read what i'm posting, your best bet is to come on    over to dreamwidth.org.  same username: mdlbear. the same goes for    anyone else you're following through crossposts. ==mdlbear. (crossposted manually from https://mdlbear.dreamwidth.org/1804005.html)tags: admin, livejournal, psacurrent location: a rapidly deteriorating situationcurrent mood: annoyed(leave a comment)jan. 23rd, 202202:31 pm - done since 2022-01-16 last week went by rather quickly -- i don't think it quite registered.
    much of my headspace was taken up by goingsideways.blog and related
    work in makestuff.
    i even got into flow a couple of times, which is always good.  by the second one i had developed a workflow that's pretty painless, and
    probably about the best i can do given the need for select-and-paste from
    email and google photos.  which in turn is probably the best we
    can do given that naomi is off in africa with only her phone to work on.

 i spent most of the rest of the week reading about various wordpress
    plugins and best practices.  or "as good as you can get" practices, given
    that wp is a monstrosity written in php.

 ( content warning: death and grievingcollapse )
 top link, under friday, is how to make a
    high-performance air filter out of a box fan and four or five furnace
    filters.  (a tip of the hat to siderea for that
    one.)

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: done, grieving, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: unknown, possibly undefinedcurrent music: the stuff that dreams are made of(leave a comment)jan. 21st, 202210:48 am - signal boost: going sideways: paying calls trip diary: paying calls - goingsideways.blog.


 the first visit we made today was to a nearby zimbabwean village. but it
    began with a stop at the supermarket in town.
 some village tours in this area compensate their hosts by way of a
    monetary payment to the village chief. that isn’t how old drift does
    it. instead, they first help you buy the kind of gifts any family in the
    village is likely to need. then they find a family who’s at home and has
    the time and willingness to host a visitor ...

 from the village, we went to the elephant sanctuary, where i met one of
    their herds...
 i was introduced to a herd of five — a pair of matronly females named
    janet and emily, who were inseparable best friends; two younger females
    including one of janet’s offspring, and a big old bull named jock, who
    was one of the orphans from the original culling project.
 jock was chosen as my primary contact. he was a steady old fellow, prone
    to resting his trunk on his one complete tusk when bored...

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: psa, signal-boostcurrent mood: helpful(leave a comment)jan. 20th, 202212:48 pm - thankful thursday today i am grateful for...


 being alive.  it suddenly occurred to me last night that i ought to be
       grateful for that.  i guess?  it's better than the alternative, anyway.
   along those lines, n95 and kn95 masks.  home depot has a good selection
       in the paint department (they're also great for woodworking;
       considerably less great for paint and solvent fumes -- ask me how i
       know).  or you can order them from bona fide masks.
   also along those lines, i'm not particularly happy about the state of
       my body at the moment, but i'm grateful that it isn't worse.
   probiotics.  i'm a little dubious about the "probiotic" dried apricots
       i picked up a while ago, but (unpasteurized) yogurt, pickles, and kim
       chee are solid choices.
   the folks at dreamhost who manage n's and my dreampress blog site.  because wordpress
       is written in php, and i'd just as soon have someone else to blame if
       it gets hacked.

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: thankscurrent mood: grateful(1 comment | leave a comment)jan. 18th, 202206:55 pm - which tax software platform should i use this year? i've been using the same
    software for doing my taxes for somewhere around 30 years.  it was
    called taxcut back then; the company that made it was bought by h&r
    block in 1993, though they didn't rename the software until 2008.  for
    much, if not all, of that time i've been doing it on a mac of some sort.

 last year i looked at the system requirements and discovered that it would
    no longer run on my ageing mac mini.  it also wouldn't run on windows 7.
    it needed either nacos high sierra or windows 8.1.  so i used their web
    version, which i remember as rather slow, and enough different from the
    offline version of previous years to be annoying.

 so for this year (which is to say tax year 2021), my options would appear
    to be:


 use the web version again.  ugh, but at least it would import 2020
       without trouble.  maybe.  it didn't let me upload a 2019 data file; i
       had to feed it a pdf and do a lot of fixing up.
   run it on the laptop that has win 8.1, or put the win 10 disk that
       came with (new) sable back in and use that.  ugh.
   buy a newer mac mini.  i could get a minimal one for about $100-150, or
       a more recent one (running mojave) for around $200-250.  (those are
       ebay prices, of course.)

 (note that cost of the software is the same for all three options.)

 i'm really leaning toward #3.  but really that would just be an excuse to
    buy another computer, and would leave me with two mac minis that
    i'd hardly ever use.  more likely i'll dither about it until the end of
    march and then break down and go use the web version again.


 another fine post from
   the computer curmudgeon (also at
   computer-curmudgeon.com).
   donation buttons in profile.
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: computers, curmudgeon, mac, pc, taxescurrent location: somewhere in cyberspacecurrent mood: didactic(leave a comment)08:54 am - signal boost: going sideways: tenderness in warthogs the latest post on goingsideways.blog:  trip diary: tenderness in warthogs.


 there’s a line in an old robert heinlein book, in which the main character
    muses about the perfections of female humans, and then adds, “no doubt a
    gentleman warthog feels the same way about a lady warthog. but if so, both
    of us are very sincere.” 
 i can now personally attest to the accuracy of this statement. 

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: going-sideways, psa, signal-boostcurrent location: whidbey islandcurrent mood: helpfulcurrent music: flanders and swann - "the warthog"(leave a comment)jan. 16th, 202211:58 am - done since 2022-01-09 not a bad week.  nothing disastrous happened (to me -- things weren't so
    good in tonga yesterday), and i actually got a few things done.  and tried to
    figure out what i
    did last year.  (i'm sure i forgot some things -- i've been having a
    little more trouble than usual with my memory the last few days.)

 i shipped $writing-gig-6 without doing much more on it -- i suspect that
    the reason i got stuck was that i couldn't think of anything i needed to
    add.  or maybe i was just lazy -- hard to tell.

 most of my headspace during the last week was taken up by going
    sideways.  naomi has been doing all the writing so far (i'll take a
    turn eventually) and taking the photos, and i've been getting the text and
    photos into wordpress and posting them (posts go up tuesday and friday).
    i expect that to get easier eventually, but for now browbeating wordpress
    into doing what i need it to has been an ongoing problem.  browbeating as
    in beating my brow against the keyboard.

 it has gotten easier since i've switched to the block editor.
    wpbakery, the wysiwyg page builder used by our web designer to construct
    the site, is an ongoing nightmare.  fortunately i can mostly avoid it now,
    at least for post content.  at this point the main problem is images.  i
    never did get the hang of images.

 tuesday i was reminded by a blog post that broken-heart syndrome is a thing.  not my thing yet, and
    hopefully not ever.  i was, however, fascinated by the official name for
    it, takotsubo cardiomyopathy.  takotsubo is japanese for octopus
    trap.

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: #count, blogging, done, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: productive?current music: earworm: gershwin: rhapsody in blue(leave a comment)jan. 14th, 202201:09 pm - signal boost: new posts on goingsideways.blog two new posts today on goingsideways.blog:


  trip diary: crocodiles and
       rhinos

 postcard: birthday
       


 at some point i should work out a better way to make links with photos. anyway...
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: psa, signal-boostcurrent mood: helpful(leave a comment)jan. 13th, 202206:19 pm - thankful thursday today i am grateful for...


 my tmj not getting (much) worse, and not being (very) painful.
   heating pads.
   being able to coerce wordpress into doing a some of what i need it to
       do.  (but by no means all; wordpress is very cat-like, and only obeys
       when it feels like it.)
   the gnu image manipulation program (gimp) for when i can't.
   meeting (some) deadlines (though just barely in some cases).

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: thankscurrent mood: grateful(leave a comment)jan. 11th, 202210:42 pm - river: what the heck have i done? more specifically, what the heck have i done in the last year?  it
    occurred to me that last year's new year's eve post was mostly about what i failed to
    do last year.  that fits my mood way too well, but it isn't good for
    me.  there's a reason why my "done since" logs include entries for things
    i hadn't planned.  i'll try not to bore you with statistics, though.  i'll
    mostly just try to remember.

 so, in no particular order,


 i took care of colleen.  that needs a little qualification, since she
       spent all but two weeks out of april, may, and june in one hospital or
       nursing home or another.  and not all of them permitted visitors.  but
       i hope i helped her keep her spirits up, and i was with her at the end.
       and it involved doing things so far out of my comfort zone that i
       couldn't even see my comfort zone without binoculars.
   i did a lot of related stuff after she passed, though it doesn't really
       feel like a lot, and i'm not going to make a list.
   i got through the holidays, without colleen:  halloween (always a big
       one in our household), thanksgiving, solstice, new year's, and i'm
       going to count our anniversary on this january 3rd because that's the
       main reason we used to have a big party around new years.
   i wrote some tutorials for linode: "how to resolve merge conflicts in git", "using
       the git rebase command", and "use gnu make to automate tasks".  (there were some others but they
       don't seem to be on the site yet.)
   i wrote a few memoir posts, though not as many as i wanted to..
   i worked on the going
       sideways blog with naomi.  (most of my part has been this
       year, of course, but some of it wasn't, including some photo shoots.)
   i didn't catch covid-19, or anything else for that matter.  i
       occasionally have to remind myself that that should count as
       doing something.  like getting vaccinated and boosted,
       tracking down n95 masks, and mostly staying home.
   putting the boring statistics at the end, i wrote 107318 words in 170
       posts here on dreamwidth.  of those 170, 37 were tagged "colleen", and
       61 were not the regularly scheduled "done since", "thankful",
       and "rabbit-rabbit" posts, so i somehow averaged more than one a week
       of those even though i didn't think i had.  i had originally written
       "not nearly as many as i'd hoped to," but apparently i hit my goal for
       the year -- at least one/week -- without realizing it.

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: 2021, memoir, rivercurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey island(leave a comment)jan. 9th, 202203:25 pm - done since 2022-01-02 how the heck did it get to be a week since i was snowed in on whidbey?  it
    feels like the entire week was spent (most people would put "on" or even
    "working on" here, but it reads better as simply) going
    sideways; mostly fighting with wordpress.  i did get a little done on
    $writing-gig-6 though.

 dictionary.com
    defines "hot mess" as "used to describe a particularly
    disorganized person or chaotic situation. in some uses, a person [or
    thing] described as a hot mess is attractive but just barely keeping it
    together."  urban
    dictionary says it's a "state of disarray so chaotic that it's
    dizzying to look at. a mess that is beyond the normal range of disarray."
    that's a pretty good description of wordpress.  i'll post about that
    eventually.

 meanwhile, i'm trying to finish up $writing-gig-6, which is already a
    couple of weeks late.  i think i'll make this the last in this series; i'm
    having trouble making progress on it.  partly because wordpress is a
    rabbit-hole deeper and weirder than the one alice fell into.

 my right tmj is still giving me trouble.  i suspect the disk is damaged.

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: done, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: okay-ish(2 comments | leave a comment)jan. 6th, 202202:43 pm - thankful thursday today i am grateful for...


 finally making it back to seattle after having been snowbound much of
       last week.
   reconnecting with my bite guard, which i'd left behind the last time i
       went up to whidbey.  no thanks to my right temporomandibular joint.
   my debugging skills not having lapsed too much during my retirement.
       no thanks to wordpress and incompetent web designers.
   a spare laptop, standing in for the one with the rapidly-deteriorating
       fan.
   my having become the default destination for unwanted electronics in
       the household.
   making it through our anniversary monday without falling apart.

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: thankscurrent mood: grateful(leave a comment)jan. 3rd, 202210:11 pm - river: forty-six well, today was our forty-sixth wedding anniversary, and the first without
    colleen beside me to celebrate.  i have hauled out the last remainibng
    bottle from the case of the glenlivet that colleen's uncle and oldest
    cousin gave us for an anniversary.  (i forget which; possibly our 35th or
    36th; the first mention of glenlivet in my log is in 2010, but it could
    have been earlier.  i wish i could ask colleen -- she'd remember.)

 rather than spending the day writing (as i'd hoped) or moping (as i'd
    feared) i spent most of it fighting with wordpress.  so far it's a draw.

 good night.
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: 2022, colleen, memoir, rivercurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: nostalgiccurrent music: eyes like the morning(leave a comment)jan. 2nd, 202211:24 am - done since 2021-12-26 it was a long month last week.  and not a particularly good month, either.

 on the plus side, i was busy getting the going sideways travel blog ready to
    roll out.  which it did, on schedule, yesterday.  the experience confirmed
    my loathing for wordpress and my deep distrust of so-called web
    designers.  it still isn't quite right, especially with regard to
    accessibility, but it'll do -- go take a look.  or see the previous post
    for details.

 the bad side of that is that everything else got sidelined, including
    $writing-gig-6.  oops!

 i went up to whidbey on wednesday rather than my usual saturday, because i
    wanted to get back down to seattle in time for new year's eve.
    that didn't go as planned either:  it snowed.  getting stuck was
    my own damned fault for not putting molly up on the street after she was
    charged (although there was already enough snow on the ground that that
    might not have worked either).  finally got out yesterday afternoon, and
    even then it was dicey, but road conditions were better than they had been
    on thursday.  so it sort of worked out.  (getting parked in seattle, on a
    hill on a narrow side street was another kind of adventure.  about all
    that can be said about that is that it didn't make me late for dinner; it
    was definitely nasty and uncomfortable.)

 on the gripping hand, the amount of aerobic exercise i got shoveling snow
    was enough to rule out heart problems and covid.  it also confirmed that i
    don't get enough exercise, but i already knew that.  by the way, the
    correct tool for clearing that last layer of compacted snow and ice under
    footprints and tire tracks is not a snow shovel; it's a hoe.

 the fact that tuesday was mom's birthday -- it would have been her 101st
    -- didn't help anything either.  and speaking of grief, my right temporomandibular joint has been been giving me a lot of it lately.
    do. not. like.

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: #filkhaven, 2021, 2022, done, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: mixedcurrent music: earworm: american pie plus assorted filks(leave a comment)jan. 1st, 202210:35 pm - signal boost: goingsideways.blog for the last couple of months i've been working with pocketnaomi on her next crazy project -- a travel blog called going sideways.  it just went live about
    an hour ago (as i type this).  you may have seen it referred to as
    gs in my weekly "done since..." posts.  we're starting off with a bang -- naomi's
    6-week trip to africa starts on wednesday.

 the blog is called "going sideways" because if you have chronic health
    problems getting in your way you may have to sidestep them, but they
    shouldn't keep you from having adventures altogether.  (the subtitle is
    epic journeys with medical baggage.)  our mascot (see icon) is a crab named chance,
    because crabs walk sideways.

 naomi is the
    principal writer.  i'm the wordpress wrangler and social media manager,
    though i'll also write the occasional post, mostly about my travels with
    colleen.
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: goingsideways, gs, psa, signal-boost, travelcurrent location: seattlecurrent mood: helpfulcurrent music: wheelin'(leave a comment)08:47 am - river: new years day, 2022 well, it's the start of a new year, so it's time for my annual
    goal-setting post.  or wishful thinking post, more likely.  but anyway,
    here we are.

 hopefully 2022 will be better than 2021, but i'm not optimistic.  i tried
    saying that last year and it didn't work.  many of these goals are carried
    over from last year, and years before.  so they're things that have
    defeated me before.  but i think the exercise is worthwhile anyway.


 the new top goal is moving down to seattle to live in n's adu
       (variously called "the studio" or "the lair").  in particular, i have
       to move the cats before c leaves in the spring; that means also moving
       a bed and a recliner, minimum.
   i'm keeping self care near the top; i actually did fairly well with
       this one last year.  not going to be any more specific.
   write more, doomscroll less.  i still want to add a couple of "real"
       posts to my week.  i'll settle for an average of one, besides done, thanks, and the
       occasional s4s.
       track by appending the previous month's summary to the monthly rabbit
       rabbit post.
   finish what i call my eol paperwork -- will, advanced directive, power
       of attorney, and guides to my paper and electronic files.  five items.
       includes finding a lawyer and maybe an executor.
   the remaining parts of wrapping up mom's estate.  the financial part is
       still in progress, and i've done nothing about her computer, files, and
       online accounts.  and i still have to make her memorial page.  eek.
   sell or give away colleen's medical equipment.  that will probably mean
       going through an agent.
   singing, dammit.   not much more detail (see last year for
       that).

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: 2022, goals, new-years-day, rivercurrent location: the rainbow caravan's south end in seattlecurrent mood: pessimisticcurrent music: hopefully more this year(leave a comment)08:16 am - "rabbit rabbit rabbit!" welcome to january, 2022!  may 2022, against all odds, be an improvement
    on 2020 and 2021.


posting stats:
   7078 words in 11 posts in december of 2021 (average 643/post)

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: recurringcurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: awake?current music: what's the opposite of auld lang sine?(leave a comment)dec. 31st, 202109:33 am - river: good riddance to 2021 hey, 2021! don't let the door hit you on the way out.  and i thought 2020
    was bad...  last
    new year's day i wrote:


 i would like to think that 2021 will be an improvement on its predecessor,
    but i am not so foolish as to say so out loud for fear that it will be
    taken as a challenge.

 it didn't work.  a year that starts with an insurrection (which one
    assumes was just practice for the next one), goes on to include my wife
    dying half-way through, and ends with being snowed in, is not a
    good year by any stretch of the imagination.

 so here are my goals from last year:


 i'm going to put self-care back at the top this year,... back
       exercises, walking,... getting vaccinated against covid-19,...
       [l]osing weight,... and [m]ental self-care. (5 sub-goals, but
       fractional completion is likely for most of them.)
 um, right.  20% each.  back exercises:  i count 76, so 20*76/365~=4
       percentage points.  walking: 54 -> 3.  getting vaxed: 20.  i said it
       would be a no-brainer.  losing weight:  that's easy -- 0.  finally,
       mental self-care.  i think i'm going to give myself 20 for this one:  i
       didn't actually do much, but i didn't fall apart either.
       total: 47/100.
   [t]aking care of colleen.
 i did what i could.  she had two weeks at home before her final 10 days
       in the hospital, and i was able to visit her there, and be there when
       she finally left me.  100.
   wrapping up mom's estate... taking charge of her computer, files,
       and any online accounts....
   as it turned out, i still haven't really dealt with the
       computer and accounts, and there are plenty of financial loose ends,
       but i'm going to say 45 anyway.
   update paperwork, because 2020.  wills, advanced directives, powers
       of attorney, colleen's passport and id renewals, and guides to my paper
       and electronic files. (10 items total, to make it easy at year's
       end.)
 well, i started... just barely.  and i at least looked
       at my existing will; it's close, anyway.  half of those 10 items
       proved to be moot, of course.  i'm going to say 10/50=20.
   music:  singing ... and hopefully recording... recorded or streamed
       concerts, too...  two hours of singing per week gives a nice solid
       total of 100
 well, 95 lines in the log, which is more than i expected, but most of
       those were a lot less than half an hour.  i'm going to say 50%, which i
       suspect is an overestimate.
   doing the rest of the sorting in the garage would be a good idea too.
       sub-goals of getting all the book boxes sorted and re-boxed by
       category, sweeping out the northeast corner, putting up the lights, and
       making the workbench usable.
 i got one light up, and sorted somewhere over half the boxes.  25%?
   [d]ecluttering, ...  downsizing, ... getting rid of stuff.  finding
       places for things.  moving to seattle part-time makes that
       hard to assess, but i'll give myself 25% for this mostly because of
       colleen's stuff.
   i should write more.
 ha! 15%, maybe?  hmm:  168 posts and over 100k words so far this year,
       and i almost forgot to include $writing-gigs 3-6.  maybe i should say
       75%?  still doesn't feel like it.
   [w]ebsite maintenance needed, including updates to lyrics, cleaning
       out cruft in the older websites, and creating a memorial page for
       mom.
 10% maybe?  that's being generous.
   i should write more software, too... tracking singing and self-care
       time, auto-linking concerts and dw posts from song pages, and the
       long-delayed command-line dw client.
 mostly a lot of 1-liners for tracking, `make save` in
       makestuff/blogging, and not much else.  10, maybe.

 total for all that, 47 + 100 + 45 + 20 + 50 + 25 + 25 + 75 + 10 + 10 = 407/1000,
    which rounds to 41%.  pretty poor, compared to 68% last year and even 48%
    in 2019.  but i've already said that 2021 was a bad year.  i got through
    it, which maybe should have been a goal all by itself.

 as for posting, ...

posting stats:
all of 2021 by month:
  10548 words in 17 posts in 2021/01 (average 620/post)
   6945 words in 12 posts in 2021/02 (average 578/post)
   6914 words in 12 posts in 2021/03 (average 576/post)
  11164 words in 19 posts in 2021/04 (average 587/post)
  11244 words in 15 posts in 2021/05 (average 749/post)
   6672 words in 11 posts in 2021/06 (average 606/post)
   9853 words in 13 posts in 2021/07 (average 757/post)
   9099 words in 15 posts in 2021/08 (average 606/post)
   9155 words in 15 posts in 2021/09 (average 610/post)
  11220 words in 17 posts in 2021/10 (average 660/post)
   7573 words in 13 posts in 2021/11 (average 582/post)
   7059 words in 11 posts in 2021/12 (average 641/post)
---------------------------------
 107446 words in 170 posts total in 2021 (average 632/post)

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: 2021, goals, new-years-eve, review, rivercurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: worried, vaguely distressedcurrent music: very little(leave a comment)dec. 30th, 202102:23 pm - thankful thursday today i am, apparently, snowed in on whidbey island.  nevertheless i am
    grateful for...


 propane and power.  (at least so far.)
   things to keep busy with.  (of course, the dead-tree books i was in the
       middle of reading are in seattle.)
   rapid, at-home covid-19 testing.  (when you can get it.  i did manage
       this time.)
   a bright, sunny day.  (and the snow is pretty, but may not melt until
       the weekend.)
   my housemates.

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: thankscurrent mood: gratefulcurrent music: stuck here...(leave a comment)dec. 26th, 202111:29 am - done since 2021-12-19 today is charles babbage's birthday.  also boxing day, but i haven't written a song about that.
    yesterday was my
    first christmas without colleen.  i'm not going to try to summarize
    the week this time.

 the yd held a solstice party tuesday, so i finally got to see her new
    house.  (not her cat, though; she never came out of hiding.)  after
    spending several hours looking unsuccessfully for someplace in seattle to
    buy a home covid test kit, it turned out that she had a spare.  all the
    major drug stores have websites that claimed to have them in stock.  they
    lied.  i didn't bother calling the places whose websites said they were
    out of stock.

 link of the week: the james webb
    space telescope currently on its way to l2.  meanwhile,the antarctic is signaling big climate trouble.  but we already knew
    that.

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: done, family, linkscurrent location: rest stop (seattle)current mood: sort of copingcurrent music: uncle ernie's (used computer babbage's birthday bargain bash...)(leave a comment)dec. 25th, 202110:25 am - state of the bear: christmas without colleen so this is my first christmas without colleen.  i've already gotten
    through halloween and thanksgiving, but this is different.  we stopped
    putting up a tree in the last few years, but we put out garlands and a few
    ornaments.  i put a garland with lights around the tv last year -- never
    took it down because colleen said she liked looking at it.  it's also the
    first year in a long time without the traditional marzipan and glass of
    scotch we put out "for santa".

 i'm spending the weekend down in seattle with n and g.  normally i'd have
    driven up to the house on whidbey, but i have an appointment on monday and
    there's snow predicted for tonight and tomorrow, and i don't want to get
    stuck.  i keep three days worth of extra meds in my suitcase.

 it occurred to me a few days ago, looking at the tree in e's house, that i
    ought to go through the boxes of ornaments and take out the few with
    special memories attached.  no idea what i'd do with them, but i don't
    want them -- or the memories -- to get lost.  another writing project.

 i have several writing projects started, and i'm not making much progress
    on any of them.  grump.  (and of course i just started this one
    today!  maybe it will give me some momentum.)  and that's not counting my
    usual pair of new year's posts.  which i've hardly thought about yet.

 in spite of everything that's happened this last year, it seems to have
    gone by very quickly, and it feels as though i've gotten very little
    done.
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: 2021, christmas, colleen, holidays, life, mood, psych, rivercurrent location: rest stopcurrent mood: sadcurrent music: eyes like the morning(leave a comment)dec. 23rd, 202105:08 pm - thankful thursday today i am grateful for...


 my kids, e and r, and their respective sos.
   my sister-of-choice n.
   lwn.net - linux weekly news.  i've been
       reading lwn.net for a long time, though i let my paid subscription
       lapse when i retired, so i'm running a week behind.  doesn't matter
       much because i have additional sources for security alerts.
   markdown. (there are, unfortunately, places where i can't use
       it.  bah!)
   not having a firm target number of things to be grateful for.  (i
       try to find five, but the only way i could do that today was
       to cheat.)

 no thanks to plugshare pointing me at non-operational chargers.
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: thankscurrent mood: grateful(leave a comment)dec. 19th, 202107:01 pm - done since 2021-12-12 it's been a week.  i'm not sure what kind of week.  at least i'm
    not having to deal with log4j, beyond upgrading the linux boxen that don't upgrade themselves
    automatically.  whatever os you're running, upgrade now.  it
    might not be the worst bug ever (so far), but if it isn't it's
    close.

 still don't feel like i'm getting much done (much of what matters -- music
    and writing).  lots of easy stuff, like dishes and cat litter; while those
    have to be done too, they're also a sneaky form of procrastination.  i
    have done a little walking, though., and enough guitar to keep my
    fingertips from hurting.  so there's that.

 i think there was something else i wanted to say, but... oh.  right.  i
    also seem to have been having more trouble than usual with my memory.

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: done, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: discontentcurrent music: warren zevon: "don't let us get sick"(leave a comment)dec. 12th, 202104:27 pm - done since 2021-12-05 i guess i got a few things done this week.  and i learned a name for a
    ??feeling: languishing.  so that's something.

 it probably says something -- i'm not sure what -- that i can claim that
    buying a pair of shoes and a box of n95 masks, sending off an invoice (for
    some writing i finished the week before), and making a contribution to a
    non-profit amounts to getting things done.

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: done, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: blankcurrent music: some noodling(leave a comment)dec. 9th, 202107:08 pm - thankful thursday today i am grateful for...


 unexpected gifts from my family of choice, and the ability to
       reciprocate (sometimes on short notice).
   coincidences of location that greatly simply a trip with two
       destinations.
   having man-handled a heavy box without noticeably damaging myself.
   off-the-shelf diclofenac gel and electric heating pads, and the
       effectiveness thereof for treating minor hand pain and lower back pain
       respectively.
   the new york times for an article that puts a name to languishing.  having a name for something is supposed to give one
       power over it, isn't it?  or am i living in the wrong game system for
       that?

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: meds, thankscurrent mood: gratefulcurrent music: current earworm: "solar flare" by sam baardman(leave a comment)dec. 5th, 202103:17 pm - done since 2021-11-28 it's been a week.  i guess.  current earworm is phil ochs' version of "the
    highwayman", because it came up in #filkhaven.  i'm not sure what that
    particular earworm says about me.  if anything.

 it being hanukkah, there has been fried food in moderate abundance,
    including latkes and jelly donuts.  the pan-fried red snapper i made last
    night counts, too.

 a large sea turtle stuffy was waiting for me on my chair when i got up
    wednesday.  she's rather awkward to sleep with, but will probably make a
    good back rest, and is definitely huggable.  so my main seattle sleep
    stuffy (alliteration intentional) is still colleen's platypus.

 links:  (sunday) according to this psychology today article one can regard depression, and trauma
    as different aspects of the same disorder (and treat them all with a
    flavor of cbt called unified protocol), so apparently it doesn't really matter what my
    "anxiety attacks" really are.  (tuesday) alcohol
    consumption tends to raise hdl levels.  mine have alwas been
    marginally low.  guess i'll go pour myself another glass of gin.  as if i
    need an excuse.

 also from sunday, "6 signs you are anxious and don’t know it" in psychology today
    really has very little to do with anxiety, and appears to be trying to
    link chronic pain with alexithymia.  take that one with a pound or two of
    salt.

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: #filkhaven, done, links, psychcurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: nostalgiccurrent music: still haunted by "the highwayman"(leave a comment)dec. 1st, 202111:59 am - "rabbit rabbit rabbit!" welcome to december, 2021!
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: recurringcurrent location: seattle: rest stopcurrent mood: less than okaycurrent music: earworm:  the highwayman (phil ochs version)(leave a comment)nov. 30th, 202103:51 pm - river: first thanksgiving without colleen as the title says, this was my first thanksgiving without colleen.  not
    the first time we were separated for thanksgiving -- there have
    been several when she was in the hospital or otherwise too sick to travel.
    the first was 2008 -- she was in the hospital after having been diagnosed
    with crohn's, and i spent the day driving down to la from san jose for
    loscon with the kids.  but she was part of our family's
    thanksgiving even if she wasn't physically present at the table.  it
    didn't feel anything like this year.

 i'm not sure how to organize this.  let me start with the chronology.  we
    started making thanksgiving dinners together before we were married -- we
    had the two of us plus colleen's mother, who couldn't cook worth a damn.
    once we'd moved to san jose the feast naturally moved with us, acquiring
    additional household members along the way.  people brought appetizers or
    side dishes; we roasted the bird and made stuffing and mom's cranberry
    relish.

 after colleen's mother died in 1999, we started going to loscon for
    thanksgiving weekend.  that meant driving down to la on thanksgiving day,
    stopping at pea soup anderson's for dinner right around lunchtime.  they
    did -- and probably still do -- a good job of it.  when we moved up to
    seattle in 2012, we went back to hosting it, in whatever house was
    biggest:  n's rented place the first year, then at rainbow's end, then in
    the whidbey island house.

 so this year, down at rest stop with n's family and g doing most
    of the cooking, was just...  i'm not sure how to describe it.  wrong?
    different?  hollow?  more hollow than the others, i think.  something huge
    that's missing.  which makes sense, i guess.  (i note in passing that
    something making sense to me is not necessarily an indication
    that it will make sense in absolute terms, whatever that means, or to
    anyone else.)

 this seemed when i started like it was going to be more interesting than
    it turned out.  i was expecting it to be more about my mental state.  but
    alexithymia.
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: 2021, colleen, memoir, mood, psych, river, thanksgivingcurrent location: the rainbow caravancurrent mood: reflectivecurrent music: over the river and through the woods?(leave a comment)nov. 28th, 202110:34 am - done since 2021-11-21 i actually appear to have gotten a few things done this week.  very little
    of what really needs doing, but at this point i need to mark whatever small
    gains i can make.  (not clear how much good that does but i'll take what i
    can get.)

 omicron is very worrisome.  see friday, where i've also put some
    relevant links from yesterday and today.

 had the second meeting of my grief support group tuesday.  different
    microphones (the small-diaphragm behringers with the ua-25 interface),
    which work well but clutter the desk way too much, largely because of the
    cables.  i've been eyeing the verious blue yeti mics.

 quote of the week (from intercom
    programming for the bendix g-15 computer, p. 14; 1961) in all of
    the above, (tab) is not to be typed.  this indicates that the tab key on
    the typewriter is depressed. to which my immediate reaction was:  i'm
    very sorry to hear that.  is there anything i can do to make the tab key
    feel better?

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: done, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: worriedcurrent music: a little(leave a comment)nov. 25th, 202104:18 pm - thankful thanksgiving thursday i'm not too good at rating things, but i think it's safe for me to say
    that this past year was even worse than the previous one, which i called pretty awful
    last thanksgiving.

 looking back,...

ls ../2020/12/*thankf* ../2021/*/*thankf* | wc -l
45

 ... so i missed seven weeks, which is pretty poor compared to three last year
    and four the year before.  well, given what was going on...

 today i am grateful for...


 as i said last year, getting through the first 11/12 of 2021.
   colleen.  45 years was a pretty good run.  do i need to say anything
       else?  i don't think so.
   being with her during her last hours, with thanks to n and dr. rangel
       for making that possible.
   my extended family (our kids - r and e, and their respective partners;
       the rest of the rainbow caravan - n, g, c, m, and j; plus my brother
       and his kids and grandkids) being alive and in reasonably good health.
   v, colleen's caregiver, and l', our housekeeper.
   colleen's care teams at uw, whidbeyhealth, swedish, prestige, regency,
       whidbey home health, etc.
   my (remote) grief support group at the healing center.
   the household's excellent cats -- desti and ticia on whidbey; and
       cricket, bronx, and brooklyn in seattle.
   vaccine.  three shots of moderna.  can i have a shot of glenlivet with
       that?
   zoom and discord.
   again, dreamwidth, and all of
       you out there helping to keep me sane.

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: 2021, thanks, thanksgivingcurrent mood: gratefulcurrent music: bits from patience by gilbert and sullivan(leave a comment)nov. 21st, 202101:41 pm - done since 2021-11-14 the week seemed very short.  partly i suppose because i didn't get much
    done (or so say the brain weasels -- i actually did some work on
    $writing-gig-{4,5} and the other project).  but i realized that another
    part of it is the fact that half of saturday and monday are spent driving
    between whidbey and seattle.  it's only two hours or so each way, but it
    uses up spoons and breaks up the day to the point where not much else gets
    done.  that's my excuse, anyway.  ymmv.

 the rest of my time mostly went into watching the future is wild, your inner fish, and
    eons.  the season finale of
    foundation came out friday, but i appear to have given up on it a
    couple of weeks ago.  perhaps someone who's seen it can tell me whether
    anything in the last half is worth watching? 

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: done, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: procrastinating(leave a comment)nov. 18th, 202103:59 pm - thankful thursday today i am grateful for...


 git, both for keeping track of my writing and giving me something
       to write about.  also, $editor.
  
 troubleshooting skills.  does treating customer service reps as rubber
       duckies count?  it should.  (my cpap wasn't broken; the tube was
       blocked by a filter that needed to be replaced.  why didn't it just say
       something like "tubing obstructed" rather than "service required"?)
  
 also, apnea board - sleep apnea
       discussion forums, cpap manuals and advice.
  
 fascinating videos rabbit holes.  (eons, your inner fish,
       and the future is wild, this week.  by the way, why do things keep evolving into crabs?)
  
 living in a world where carcinization
is a thing.
  

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: thankscurrent mood: gratefulcurrent music: rain, because seattle(leave a comment)nov. 14th, 202105:30 pm - done since 2021-11-07 apparently it's been a fairly busy week.  last sunday i finished
    $writing-gig-4, though i didn't really get started on -5 until thursday.
    ("fairly busy" seems to be considerably short of "busy".  or perhaps
    doesn't include "productive"?)

 the closest i can come to a mood is "fascinated" (or maybe "captivated")
    -- i have been watching videos about paleontology on youtube.  see, for
    example, why do
    things keep evolving into crabs? it's part of the eons series on pbs.  the whole
    thing is a horrendous time-sink, of course.  see also your inner fish on
    pbs, inspired by the book, your inner fish by neil shubin, and of course the music
    video, tiktaalik
    (your inner fish).

 i threw colleen's wheelchair into molly's back seat to take back to norco,
    where we'd gotten it.  they told me it had been paid off.  ended up taking
    it to the mshh donor
    closet in edmonds, wa.  that's also a good place to go for low-priced
    medical equipment, if you're in the seattle area.

 i'll have to think whether there's anything else i want to take down there
    this week.

 it's starting to look like i may be moving the cats down to rest stop
    sooner than i'd anticipated; i put together n's spare "kitty comfort
    station" -- a combination litter box cover and night stand.  it's a
    distinct improvement on the little night stand that was in the studio
    already; i'm likely to keep both because that way i can use one for my
    phone and cpap, and the other (the old one) for my laptop.

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: #thefblogout, done, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: fascinatedcurrent music: tiktaalik music video (see thursday)(leave a comment)nov. 12th, 202111:47 am - river: state of the bear: four months after i appear to have been getting things done this month, but it doesn't feel
    like it.  that's typical for me.  hmm.  let's see: grep grep
    grep...  some cooking, a dentist appointment, flu and covid booster
    shots, some reading, $writing-gig-4, canceled two of colleen's
    subscriptions...  okay, i appear to have done some things.  many of them
    should have been done months ago, but i don't suppose i should complain.

 as for mood: not bad.  i still have a hard time identifying moods, but i'm
    better at recognizing bad/down/depressed moods, and i don't seem to be in
    one of those at the moment.  of course it's varied across the month.  but
    for the moment, it isn't bad.  i'll take it.
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: colleen, life, mood, psych, rivercurrent location: rest stopcurrent mood: not badcurrent music: tiktaalik (your inner fish)(leave a comment)nov. 11th, 202112:02 pm - thankful thursday today i am grateful for...


 our housekeepers.
   a catbox cover that doubles as a nightstand -- n's household had an extra.
   naproxen sodium (see above).
   things to write about.  (even if i often don't... you know... actually write.)
   tiktaalik roseae.  don't miss the music video.

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: thankscurrent mood: gratefulcurrent music: see post(leave a comment)nov. 9th, 202109:09 pm - public service announcement: the facebook logout the facebook logout — we're really over facebook.  here's their
    sample post text:


 i’m logging out of instagram/facebook from november 10-13 as part of a
    user strike to hold facebook accountable for the harms it is causing our
    society and around the world. from covid-19 disinformation to inciting
    violence against marginalized communities to ignoring the mental health
    impact of instagram on teens, enough is enough. we make or break facebook
    and its platforms because they make money from our engagement and our
    data. let’s use our power. join me. thefblogout.com #thelogout
    #thefblogout

 seems like a good idea.  easy for me because i post on fb very rarely,
    though there are a few communities i sort of keep up with.  ("sort of"
    because between fb's algorithms and just plain bandwidth -- i'd say
    "firehose" but it's more like a sewer -- there's no way i could read
    everything even if i wanted to.)

 my main social medium is right here.

nablopomo stats:
   2255 words in 5 posts this month (average 451/post)
    159 words in 1 post today
      3 days with no posts

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: #thefblogout, #thelogout, psacurrent location: a rapidly deteriorating situationcurrent mood: informative(leave a comment)nov. 7th, 202103:28 pm - done since 2021-10-31 where did the week go?  how am i supposed to figure out what kind of week
    it was if i wasn't there?

 part of the reason i wasn't there was getting my moderna booster shot
    wednesday afternoon.  on n's recommendation i went to pharmaca after
    discovering that walgreen's didn't have a record of my appointment;
    presumably that was because i neglected to click a "confirm" button at the
    end.  all's well that ends better, however, and unlike walgreens, pharmaca
    takes walk-ins.  on the gripping hand, i was pretty much out of it until
    friday moring.

 i'm in pretty decent physical shape at the moment modulo a knife-wound in my
    finger acquired while cutting a lemon. the hummus, served with fresh pita
    made by c, was worth it.  mentally, ...  does "doing as well as can be
    expected" work?

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: done, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: in paincurrent music: no idea why i didn't do ovff over zoom(leave a comment)nov. 4th, 202101:36 pm - thankful thursday today i am grateful for...


 finding a pharmacy that took walk-ins after somhow having failed to
       click submit on walgreen's vaccine appointment form (which, by the way,
       sucks), and getting a moderna booster shot.  not so grateful for the
       side-effects, but the immunity is well worth the price.
   n, who brought me breakfast this morning when i couldn't get out of
       bed.
   nsaids.
   getting back into writing.  (we will overlook the fact that my november
       blog posting streak lasted all of two days.)
   household appliances that work.  (a set that does not currently include
       our microwave oven.)

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: thankscurrent mood: grateful(leave a comment)nov. 2nd, 202109:04 pm - trojan source this post in krebs on security describes an unusual and potentially
    very dangerous attack technique that can be used to sneak evil code past
    code reviews and into the supply chain.  briefly, it allows evildoers to
    write code that looks very different to a human and a compiler.  it should
    probably come as no surprise that it involves unicode, the same coding standard
    that lets you make blog posts that include inline emoji, or mix text in
    english and arabic.

 in particular, it's the latter ability that the vulnerability targets,
    specifically unicode's "bidi" algorithm for presenting a mix of left-to-right and
    right-to-left text.  (read the bidi article for details and examples --
    i'm not going to try plopping random text in languages i don't know into
    the middle of a blog post.)

 now go read the "trojan source
    attacks" website, and the associated paper [pdf]
    and github
    repo.  observe, in particular, the warning about bidirectional unicode text that github now attaches to
    files like this one in c++.  observe also that github does not flag
    files that, for example, mix homoglyphs like "h" (the usual ascii version) and "н" (the
    similar-looking cyrillic letter that sounds like "n"; how similar it looks
    depends on what font your browser is using).  if you're unlucky,
    you might have clicked on a url containing one or more of these, that took
    you someplace unexpected and almost certainly malicious.

 the trojan source attack works by making use of the control characters
    u+202b right-to-left embedding (rle) and  u+202a left-to-right embedding
    (lre), which change the base direction explicitly.

 and remember: шysinaшyg - what you see is not always what you've got!

resources

 trojan source attacks
 here [pdf]
( bibtexcollapse )

 ‘trojan source’ bug threatens the security of all code – krebs on security

 nickboucher/trojan-source: trojan source: invisible vulnerabilities

 warning about bidirectional unicode text | github changelog

 unicode bidirectional algorithm basics

 but... research!rsc: on “trojan source” attacks


 another fine post from
   the computer curmudgeon (also at
   computer-curmudgeon.com).
   donation buttons in profile.
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: computers, curmudgeoncurrent location: somewhere in cyberspacecurrent mood: didactic(leave a comment)nov. 1st, 202107:47 am - "rabbit rabbit rabbit!" welcome to november, 2021!  to those of you doing nanowrimo, nablopomo, or
    one of the other november challenges, good luck!  i'll be tracking my
    posts, but won't be too upset if i don't manage to post every day, because
    life.  or vice
    versa.
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: recurringcurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey island(leave a comment)oct. 31st, 202110:20 am - done since 2021-10-24 so, it was a week.  nothing bad happened, and i was somewhat busier than
    usual, with actual writing projects.  (which i can't really say anything
    else about until they go live in a month or so.  but still.)  so i guess i
    got stuff done, but it still didn't feel like a good week.

 i miss colleen.  (this should surprise no-one, but it's not something i've
    been consciously thinking about recently.)  partly, i grieve for the many
    things we never got around to doing together.  probably worth a post later
    this week.

 i never got around to watching the current episode of foundation; now
    there are two in my queue.  not sure they're worth watching.
    dune, on the other hand, has gotten good reviews.

 lots of links.  i went down a rabbit hole to find a git plugin for
    wordpress.  versionpress looked
    like the best of the lot, and it was abandoned over a year ago.  all of
    the others were abandoned even earlier.  grumble.  (one of the new
    projects involves wp.)

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: #lightyear, colleen, done, grieving, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: worriedcurrent music: current earworm: "nessie come up"(leave a comment)oct. 28th, 202110:08 am - thankful thursday today i am grateful for...


 coffee.
   local businesses, including the whidbey island bagel factory, useless bay coffee
       company, island time
       coffee company, blooms
       winery, and cultus bay distillery.
   the healing center's
       support
       groups.
   old thinkpads and new ssds.
   as always, the cats.

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: thankscurrent mood: gratefulcurrent music: ovff is this weekend, but i won't be going(leave a comment)oct. 24th, 202110:46 am - done since 2021-10-17 i've been sleeping more this week; i think that's supposed to be good.  n
    said she noticed an improvement in my mood, but i'm skeptical.  although,
    with a cat purring in my lap as i type this, it's hard to be too
    skeptical.  note that i've listed my mood as "fair" -- i don't seem to
    have used it much on dw, but there was a period when it was my standard
    answer to "how are you?" when i didn't really know.

 meanwhile, as of the end of episode 5 of appple's foundation
    series, it's clear that people were right in saying that the series is
    unfilmable,  and that apple has stopped trying.  i may watch one more
    episode (since #6 came out friday and it's already queued up).  depends on
    whether i think my blood pressure will take it.

 according to verge, kids who grew up with search engines have trouble
    understanding the concept of files and directories.  i find that rather
    disturbing.  professors started noticing the trend around 2017.

 ... and in more news of the stupid, governor's pac releases bizarre ad over 'hacking' scandal.  you may
    remember from last
    week that said "hacking" consisted of pressing ctrl-u.  as the old
    adage goes, "it's better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to
    speak and remove all doubt".


( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: done, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: faircurrent music: possible earworm: desolation row(leave a comment)oct. 21st, 202112:13 pm - thankful thursday today i am grateful for...


 moderna booster shots finally becoming available - not that i could
       actually find an appointment yesterday because nobody's updated their
       scheduling websites yet.
   better sleep (averaged over the last few weeks).  not sure why, but
       i'll take it.  (of course, it could be a depression symptom, but it
       still beats insomnia.)
   washington post's guide to every privacy setting you should change
       now -- which i apparently missed when it came out a month ago.  for
       a less site-specific guide, see eff's protecting yourself on social networks.  it's part of...
   eff's surveillance self-defense | tips, tools and how-tos for safer online
       communications.
   mozilla
       foundation's *privacy not included shopping guide -- find out which
       products and apps protect your privacy, and which don't.

 sorry about the rabbit-hole -- somebody posted a link to the wapo guide,
    and...
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: thankscurrent mood: grateful(1 comment | leave a comment)oct. 17th, 202109:57 am - done since 2021-10-10 it's been a rough week for some of you -- let's just say that the links i
    posted thursday (see notes) were needed by more than one person on my
    reading list.  it hasn't been too bad for me, though there were a
    couple of sad anniversaries that i posted about on tuesday, and the mukilteo-clinton ferry route drops to one-boat service, which sucks
    for everyone (including me) who needs to go between whidbey island and the
    mainland.

 some links:  white papers like bugs in our
    pockets:  the risks of client-side scanning should not be necessary.
    apple should know better.  white papers (rants?) like can light gray text on light gray backgrounds please stop being a
    thing? should also be unnecessary.

 and in news of the stupid, missouri governor demands prosecution for data breach report • the
    register.  the "breach" in question was using "view source" on a state
    department of education web app, which revealed about 100,000 full social
    security numbers.

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: done, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: fair?current music: current earworm: silk and steel(leave a comment)oct. 16th, 202106:36 pm - river: lexithymia thanks to this post by
    @elf, we have a fascinating article:  what if emotions aren’t universal but specific to each
    culture? | aeon essays.  apparently recent research contradicts
    the widely-held theory -- the article calls it the basic emotion theory -- that a small number of "basic emotions" are
    "hard-wired" by evolution, and that a person who is unable to recognize
    them in themself or other people is afflicted with a disorder called "alexithymia", which
    translates roughly as "not having words for emotions".  according to the
    aeon article (from which all quotes in this post are taken unless
    otherwise noted),


 the basic emotion theory – also called the universality thesis by some of
    its critics – goes back to the 1960s, when the us psychologist paul ekman
    (who consulted on inside out) conducted studies with the fore, an
    indigenous society in papua new guinea. ekman showed that the fore could
    match photographs of faces with the emotional expressions they depicted –
    happy, sad, angry, disgusted, afraid or surprised – with a fairly high
    degree of correctness.

 but what if the experimental subjects were just making educated guesses in
    matching a limited number of faces to a similarly limited list of words
    for emotions?


 in one experiment, published in 2016, just 7 per cent of trobriander
    subjects correctly identified anger from posed photographs. the
    prototypical disgust face, in turn, was often seen as sad, angry or
    afraid. only the smiling face was, by a slim majority of volunteers (58
    per cent), matched to happiness. by contrast, a control group in spain,
    shown the same photos, correctly identified the depicted emotions 93 per
    cent of the time, on average. in another study, crivelli found that
    trobrianders consistently ‘misread’ the paradigmatic fear face – eyes wide
    open, mouth gasping – deeming it angry and threatening. and when the
    standard forced-choice procedure was relaxed, about a fifth of the
    subjects insisted
    they didn’t know what emotion they were looking at when presented with a
    sad or a disgusted face. (in fact, in this study, the most common response
    to all but the happy face was not an emotion word at all but
    ‘gibulwa’, which roughly translates as a desire to avoid
    social interaction.)

 so it seems that the way people identify emotions has a very
    strong cultural or linguistic component.


 these differences can be startling. ‘i ask my american participants how
    they’re feeling,’ [yulia chentsova-dutton] tells me. ‘i give them a list
    of emotions. they are done with that list in under a minute.’ with chinese
    participants, the same task would take many minutes to complete. in ghana,
    the experiment verged on ‘a disaster’. ‘my students would sit there with
    this one page of emotion terms for 30-40 minutes, just that page. and when
    i ask them what is happening, they would say: “well, i understand all the
    words … but how am i supposed to know what i feel? … and as an emotion
    researcher and a cultural researcher, i was stunned because the fact that
    people know how they feel is never something i questioned.’

 there's this phenomenon called "chinese
    somatisation". research in the 1980s found that depressed chinese
    patients did not experience the illness in the ‘correct’ way. instead of
    the expected psychological symptoms, they reported various aches, lack of
    sleep and exhaustion, leading scholars and doctors to puzzle over the
    missing emotions.
 the aeon article ends with this delightful quotation from one of chentsova-dutton’s most recent papers (behind a pay-wall,
    alas!), which swaps terms like "alexlthymia" and "psychotherapy" with
    "lexithymia" and "somatotherapy", etc.


 the term lexithymia describes a dimensional personality trait
    characterised, at the high end, by an extreme and potentially problematic
    tendency to think about one’s own emotional state and to describe these
    states to others … lexithymic patients often do not respond well to, and
    may grow frustrated by, traditional somatotherapies (see ‘somatotherapy
    with the garrulous patient’, rolyat, 1980). although local epidemiological
    studies suggest that high levels of lexithymia are relatively rare, there
    are some intriguing cultural variations. mounting evidence suggests that
    lexithymia is much more common in so-called ‘weird [western, educated,
    industrialised, rich and democratic] people’, who tend to live in
    societies where an independent model of self-construal predominates …
    rather than aiming to treat lexithymia, weird societies have developed
    many indigenous approaches that encourage patients with various health
    problems to talk at great length about their feelings. 

 i find this a very apt description of the way i have to think about myself
    in relation to other, "normal", people.  and i love the acronym "weird".

 to finish up with, here are a few quotes about alexithymia and therapy:

 from the most important personality trait you’ve never heard of | psychology
    today: people high in alexithymia are poor candidates for
    psychotherapy, while at the same time having higher risk for a variety
    of psychological disorders. -- which i think explains a lot about my
    own experiences.

 from here's what alexithymia actually is—and why it can make therapy
    challenging | self, when you first enter therapy, it might be
    surprisingly difficult to answer the question, "how are you feeling?"
    answering that question can be even more of a challenge if you deal with
    what is known as alexithymia... (that article goes on to call it a
    "disorder", of course.) here's a
    paper that calls it a personality construct characterized by
    altered emotional awareness, which is certainly closer to the way
    i tend to view it.
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: alexithymia, emotions, psych, river, thecurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: see postcurrent music: desolation row?(leave a comment)oct. 14th, 202101:35 pm - river: links for the recently widowed here are some links to sites and pages that i've found helpful over the
    last three months.


 linguistic note:  "widowed" is the past participle of the verb to widow, and is
    unambiguously non-binary.  the verb in its present tense is also
    non-binary, but picks up a decided gender bias from the noun form.  also
    see widowed at
    vocabulary.com.

 checklists:

 key contacts and document checklst [pdf] from wealthcare 4 widows.  i
       got this from my financial advisor.  written from the pov of a widow,
       but mostly applies to widowers too if you mentally change the pronouns.
   the complete checklist for when a loved one passes away [pdf] from
       the neptune society.
   newly widowed checklist | the liz logelin foundation.
   some things to consider[pdf] at soaring spirits international

 resource lists:

 tools + resources • wealthcare 4 widows
 resources
       for the newly widowed - soaring spirits international

 the 12 weeks
    of peace: a free online bereavement program at the neptune society: a weekly
    email "newsletter"; you can also get to all the installments via week 1: dealing with grief.  i recommend the neptune society in
    general, but their site is a little tricky to navigate if you want to
    avoid giving personal information.  i can also recommend their 6-week thinking
    ahead email series for your own end-of-life planning.
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: grieving, links, river, widowedcurrent location: rest stopcurrent mood: helpful?(leave a comment)11:34 am - thankful thursday today i am grateful for...


 my family.
   molly, my blue 2017 chevy bolt.
   rabbit holes.  also flow, which is closely related.
   dreamwidth.org and dreamhost.com.
   colleen.

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: thankscurrent mood: gratefulcurrent music: current earworm: "cats on the rooftops" (nsfw)(leave a comment)oct. 12th, 202104:46 pm - river: state of the bear: three months after ( content warning:  sad anniversaries.collapse )
 a lot of things still need doing.  getting colleen's name off bank
    accounts.  tracking down online accounts.  tracking down subscriptions.
    finding a new executor for my will, and a health care power-of-attorney
    (which neither of us ever did because we were mutually next-of-kin).  find
    a lawyer, which we never did either.

 downsizing and moving is a big one.  deciding what to throw out, what to
    give away, what to move to seattle, and when.  what i can't bear to part
    with.  what to sell, including the expensive and still-good items like the
    patient lift and her scooter.  scooters.  actually selling
    things, which i've been putting off for years.

 and that's not even counting the stuff in the garage and scattered around
    the house that hasn't been done since we moved in, in 2017.  (some of
    which hasn't been looked at since we left the starport in 2012.)  hanging
    artwork.  clearing off the workbench and installing lights in the garage.
    and the unfinished projects, most still hanging around from
    previous workbenches i never cleared off.

 i think another large part of what's going on in my head is that i haven't
    yet adjusted to my new living situation.  i'm splitting my time between
    seattle and freeland, and neither really feels like home right now.  maybe
    three months isn't long enough?  very little of my stuff has been moved;
    i'm still carting a suitcase back and forth every weekend.  i haven't put
    anything on the walls, or in all but two drawers of the huge dresser that
    once held most of colleen's clothing while we lived at rainbow's end.

 there's no damned reason why i haven't done the things except that they're
    very uncomfortable to think about.  which i suppose is my usual
    reason for not doing things.  some, like selling stuff, are uncomfortable
    because i've never done them before.  (have i mentioned that i
    procrastinate?  or did i put that off as well?)  i try to at
    least do one thing every weekend.  it would be nice if i could get
    that up to one thing every day, but don't hold your breath.

 i've been drifting -- going down wikipedia rabbit-holes, re-reading the
    foundation series, puttering around with computers (instead
    of actually, you know, writing code.  or writing much of anything
    else.)  i guess i've been drifting for most of the last three years, but
    at least a couple of times a day i'd have to stop drifting and do
    something for colleen.  now i'm just adrift.  caregiving was a major part
    of my life, and it's not there anymore -- there's this huge hole i haven't
    figured out how to fill yet.</p></p>

[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: colleen, life, mom, mood, psych, river, widowhoodcurrent location: rest stop, seattlecurrent mood: fragile?current music: eyes like the morning(leave a comment)oct. 10th, 202111:00 am - done since 2021-10-03 mixed.

 on the positive side:  last sunday, n and i drove up to bellingham (well,
    actually, n drove and i navigated), where we went for a walk in maritime
    heritage park and did a little practice photography for $project.  i did
    quite a lot (for me) of posting: two computer
    curmudgeon posts, a review of apple tv's
    foundation series (so far), the usual done since and thankful thursday
    posts, and one last
    tuesday that you might want to skip if you dont want to read anything
    that includes grieving, or sad anniversaries.  not much singing, but some.

 on the negative side, there was the aforementioned sad anniversary on
    tuesday (someone unsubscribed shortly after i posted that; should i make
    more use of cut tags and content warnings?), and i have another coming up
    next tuesday.  expect me to continue being weird around the
    edges, and to make at least one state of the bear
    post.

 i think the foundation series has to be put in the "mixed" category --
    there was the disappointment of a good idea gone wrong, but i got a good
    review out of it.  the cinnamon buns n and i picked up at the red hen
    bakery in coupeville last sunday fall into that category too -- they were
    okay, but not the outstanding, sweet, sticky buns we used to go to that
    bakery for.

( notes & links, as usualcollapse )
[crossposted from mdlbear.dreamwidth.org, where it has  comments.  you can comment here, or there with openid, but wouldn't you really rather be on dreamwidth?]tags: done, linkscurrent location: the rainbow caravan's north end on whidbey islandcurrent mood: calm, restless, weirdcurrent music: lily, rosemary, and the jack of hearts / only the music(leave a comment)navigate: (previous 50 entries)




























