



































    arlington christian school - richmond, ca
  














               


     about us


   about acs



  our staff





  admissions


   apply today



  tuition & fees





  calendar



  contact us



  more


   arlington baptist church



  reenrollment



  documents








     

 











    
 





      


   home of the patriots

 - academic excellence since 1978 -


  

apply today

 




    


 enrollment has opened up for the 2025-2026 school year!  january 10, 2025


 we are excited to announce that re-enrollment for current students and enrollment for new students for the 2025-2026 school year is now open! to secure your child’s spot for the upcoming year, please complete the enrollment process as soon as possible. for more information or assistance, don’t hesitate to contact our admissions office. we look forward to welcoming your family back or welcoming you to our school family!

god bless,
jerrel viray, principal



   financial assistance needed? apply with basic fund today!   

how to apply


 



   



        


  


  


  





christian education for grades k5 - 12th
    



acs is a ministry of arlington baptist church.
    



we use bible-based curriculum.


   



      
 arlington christian school has taught me an abundance of life skills that couldn't be effectively taught through a textbook, but through influential teachers and leaders who equipped me to be successful in all my endeavors.
   


  


  


  



jezzel viray, graduate


 
 arlington christian school offers classes from kindergarten to 12th grade. and since it's a small school, i really love how the older kids get along really well and help the smaller kids. all the kids know each other very well regardless of their age; they are like a big family. they are very respectful to each other which makes me as a parent see that the teachers are working really hard not only with their education, but also teaching them that they have to get along and respect each other.
   


  


  


  



silvia padilla, parent


 
 due to the nature of the curriculum, i was able to complete my work at my own pace to the point that i had the opportunity to graduate high school a year early. while difficult at times, i am very proud of my achievement, and thankful to the staff who encourage me along the way.
   


  


  


  



norma dominguez, graduate


 
 arlington christian school provides a safe environment, supported by devoted staff who have a huge desire to help mold the next generation of young people. my memories of arlington christian school are filled with the loving relationships that were built among staff and peers, weekly chapel services and the sports program. go patriots!
   


  


  


  



jennifer argueta, graduate


 
 attending arlington christian school has not only educated me academically, but has also taught me morals and a good code of ethics. the foundation of the school is set on ministry and working together with the community. by attending arlington christian school, i learned to respect others, work together, and practice discipline all throughout the curriculum, the sports programs, community activities, and the individual staff members.
   


  


  


  



michael munoz, graduate







   
have questions? send us a message.  
   name

 phone

 email

 subject

 message


 free text





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




   our purpose 



    


 the primary objective and purpose of arlington christian school is to train the student in the knowledge of god and the christian way of life and to give the student an excellent education.  the staff and faculty of arlington christian school realize the solemn responsibility before god in molding the life and character of each of their students in order to give a good foundation for each child's future.






      



    

510.230.4902principal@arlingtonchristianschool.org 6382 arlington blvd,richmond, ca 94805      

 

 







     © 2025 
all rights reserved | arlington christian school | powered by
spirelight web




















































































































  
  share by:








