







the national bank of malvern

































































skip to content





the national bank of malvern will be closed on monday, february 17th, in observance of presidents’ day.















  





accounts & services

personal

checking accountsavings, cds & irasconsumer loans 
business

business checkingbusiness savingsbusiness loans 
digital banking

online bankingmobile banking 
resources

apply for credit cardtrust servicesfinancial calculatorsreorder checks 

ratesabout us

branches & hoursour historypresident’s message
contact us 
 online banking 










log in to online banking

click here to log into online banking.

personal enroll
business enroll
view demo
forgot passcode? 









other banks have branches, we have roots.
stop in and grow with us!






 
  
 our locations 







  
 loans 







  
 savings 







  
 calculators 







  
 security 










discover a variety of financial solutions

at the national bank of malvern, we offer a comprehensive suite of financial products designed to meet all your banking needs.







atms 


nbm has an atm at each of their physical locations to give you easy access to cash. you may also use your atm or nbm visa debit card at any star or plus designated location.
lost or stolen debit card
if you have a lost or stolen debit card, please call 1-800-523-4175











merchant services 


do you accept credit cards at your place of business? the national bank of malvern partners with a payment services provider with solutions for credit card processing, as well as payroll processing designed to meet our customers’ specific business needs. lets evaluate if partnering with nbm and ncr could save you money!
 



                        contact us 










visa debit alert 



 money talks (at least it should)


you may register your nbm visa debit card to get alerts tailored to your preferences so that you know what your card is doing. register today to be in the know… and in control.
questions? give us a call at 610-647-0100




                        register today! 











a message from our president and ceo, jim fooskas



it’s been a busy 2024 here at the national bank of malvern… 
after years of planning and preparation, we successfully completed our conversion to a new (modern) operating system in early april! this new system offers many benefits to our daily operations, including paper-free deposits and withdrawals, electronic signature capabilities for new account openings, and increased security features to ensure the safety of customer information!
april also brought the banks 140th year of successful service to our community!
read more 




visit us today!







 


                            main office                        

 address
2 west king st.,
malvern, pa 19355
 phone
phone: 610-647-0100
fax: 610-647-2404

 branch lobby hours

monday – thursday: 9:00am – 4:00pm
friday: 9:00am – 6:00pm
saturday: 9:00am – 12:30pm



 branch drive-up hours

monday – thursday: 8:00am – 4:00pm
friday: 8:00am – 6:00pm
saturday: 9:00am – 12:30pm



  location details  






 


                            frazer branch                        

 address
140 lancaster ave.,
frazer, pa 19355
 phone
phone: 610-647-0100
fax: 610-647-8098

 branch lobby hours

monday – friday: 9:00am – 4:00pm
saturday: closed



 branch drive-up hours

monday – friday: 8:00am – 4:00pm
saturday: closed



  location details  











about usthe national bank of malvern
the national bank of malvern has been at the heart of this community for over 140 years and we want to let you know that we care about our customers, our community and our team here at the bank.
read more





we are here to help!

 call 610-647-0100

 email us














thank you for visiting our website...


you are leaving
                    the national bank of malvern                    's website and will be redirected to .
                    the national bank of malvern                    makes no endorsements or claims about the accuracy or content of the information contained in these sites.  the security and privacy policies on these sites may be different than those of
                    the national bank of malvern                    .


proceed
cancel










important notice


we want to remind you that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. if your information is very sensitive, or includes personal or confidential information -- such as your bank account, charge card, or social security number -- you may want to call us, send it by postal mail to one of the addresses listed in our locations, or log on to our online banking and send your question via secured email.  for your safety and privacy, specific account questions will not be answered that are initiated via this unsecured form.
confirm to email: 


confirm
cancel










important notice


we want to remind you that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. if your information is very sensitive, or includes personal or confidential information -- such as your bank account, charge card, or social security number -- you may want to call us, send it by postal mail to one of the addresses listed in our locations, or log on to our online banking and send your question via secured email.  for your safety and privacy, specific account questions will not be answered that are initiated via this unsecured form.
confirm to email: 


proceed
cancel




 

privacy notice
internet privacy statement
mobile privacy
terms of use



copyright © 2025 the national bank of malvern. all rights reserved.




























