











reservation and park management solutions | camis







































































      skip to main content
    
















main navigation


home


about us

about camis
territorial acknowledgement



products

solutions
call center 
online store



 news


careers

about careers
search jobs



contact us









        search jobs
    






toggle navigation














 





                    facebook
                



 





                    linkedin
                



 





                    instagram
                











reservation and park management solutions

reservations and facilities management solutions for government operated parks, campgrounds, marinas, and harbors.































 




this year over 3.2 million people will reserve a campsite using camis  
with nearly 40 years of experience providing booking solutions for public and private park facilities, we continue to deliver one of the most robust online reservation systems, supporting an exceptional user experience and second to none back-end functionality and reporting.

        contact us
    








an in-house call center is ready to book and answer questions when you can't
highly trained in-house call center staff operate from locations in the united states and canada and are ready to assist your customers with bookings and questions over the phone or on a live web chat.


 









"we needed to reduce and improve time traffic congestion. camis responded with the development of a timed reservation solution which has helped us keep people safe and actively outdoors." 
gord costie, director, conservation area services
 







 



manage arrivals and departures like a pro!
count on real time data at the gatehouse and in the office. know availability and anticipate arrivals and departures.

        learn more
    








understand your operation with advanced reports
every aspect of your operation produces information you need to know. camis digs deep into the data and makes sense of it all. advanced reports provides a generous supply of data reporting options so you gain the insight you need when you need it.


 









solutions start here
join over 535 park managers across the united states and canada in the pursuit of a smarter end-to-end reservation and management solution.








booking management
feature-rich, expandable solution for online, at the gate and over the phone bookings and reservations.









payment management
secure online and on-site payment systems with ample payment options, detailed state and provincial tax calculations.









sales management 
on-site and webstore system with inventory management and store fulfillment functionality. pci & soc compliant. 





        learn more about the products & services
    









exceptional service
“we came back to camis. they offer exceptional service!"


government operated park








trusted by 



 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 









what's new 
learn more about new products, technology and news at camis

        explore more
    






what's new 
learn more about new products, technology and news at camis

        explore more
    




 



press release - new contract with parks canada


camis inc. announces new contract with parks canada for their reservation and visitor management solutions.



            read more
             about press release - new contract with parks canada








 



camis awarded contract with parks canada


we are pleased to announce the successful award of a new contract with parks canada for the continued use of our innovative reservation and park management solutions and services.



            read more
             about camis awarded contract with parks canada








 



parks canada - digital government community awards


on thursday, may 11th, 2023, the treasury board of canada secretariat held its annual digital government community awards. we are pleased to announce that parks canada was nominated and won in the outstanding digital leadership category.



            read more
             about parks canada - digital government community awards








 



bc parks: client spotlight


camis and bc parks have worked closely together to ensure a seamless booking experience for campers to experience over 142 parks and 235 campgrounds that bc parks has to offer.



            read more
             about bc parks: client spotlight








 



camis awarded contract with manitoba provincial parks


for the 2023 camping season, camis and the manitoba government will be launching a new reservation service with second-to-none back-end functionality and reporting.



            read more
             about camis awarded contract with manitoba provincial parks








 



camis inc. announces kim mackie as chief executive officer


camis inc., a leading provider of reservation and facilities management solutions for government-operated parks and campgrounds across canada and the united states, announced today that it has appointed kim mackie as its chief executive officer.



            read more
             about camis inc. announces kim mackie as chief executive officer








 



camis to provide bc parks with new reservations system


camis partners with bc parks to provide their over 26,000,000 anticipated visitors during the 2022 camping season with an intuitive, easy-to-use reservation system for booking campsites, cabins, group, and backcountry reservations.



            read more
             about camis to provide bc parks with new reservations system








 



greenhouse verification emissions report


greenhouse gas emissions report



            read more
             about greenhouse verification emissions report













contact us for more information
whether you are just curious, in the research phase, or looking for quotes, we are here to answer your questions. so let's get started. 





(800) 371-6006 






you must have javascript enabled to use this form.


your name



your email



organization



product demo request






            captcha
          














leave this field blank




































 






 





                    facebook
                



 





                    linkedin
                



 





                    instagram
                






footer 


home


about us


our product


news


careers 


contact us










footer


suggest a change


accessibility 


privacy policy


terms of use


sitemap 




© 2025 camis. all rights reserved.














