








ken's home page - the beginning





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close



 

















hi! welcome to ken's world!
first, a little about myself --
i'm a 40-something year old single male with brown hair
and blue eyes, basically housebroken, who loves reading, computers and
martial arts. i enjoy science fiction (trekkers forever!) and fantasy,
and perhaps one day i'll grow up (but don't place any bets on that one). 
i'm a graduate from cajun country...kaplan high, kaplan, la 1970. 
my hobbies are: aircraft, aviation, computers, martial arts, and reading
sci-fi and fantasy.
i hold a 6th-degree black belt in isshinryu karate under
master harvey kennedy. i've also received training under master ed johnson
and master ken green. select the isshinryu button on the left to get descriptions
and links to some isshinryu pages i've put together. the pages include
the isshinryu geneology of my instructors, myself, and those students i've
promoted to black belt over the years; my karate "resume"; information
on isshinryu kata; pictures of several isshinryu masters; and finally,
an opinion page where i occasionally publish letters or email that have
been sent to me. please feel free to send something for publication. it
can remain anonymous at your request.
i'm currently licensed as a nursing facility administrator
in louisiana and texas. i hold a bs degree in liberal arts from regents
college. my mentors in nursing home administration were reggie harvey and
richard anderson. 
the links button on the left takes you to my page of miscellaneous
links for computers, karate, babylon 5, sci-fi, star trek, and whatever
else i come up with, and changes often. 
as with most pages, this one stays forever under construction. 
thanks for stopping by. i hope you found something useful and will check
back often to see what's been added. 
ken
email: ken.richardson@krrichardson.freeservers.com
icq id:  5665309


you are visitor number: .
last updated 01/23/2000.















