




home pacific nw software quality conference














































×

log in to member area





		username 

		password 


forgot password?














 
connect with us:

































mobile menu
















×









home

2025 conference2025 conferencevenueconference tracksexhibition booth faqsresourcesauthor resourcesbe a sponsorauthorspropose a poster paperpropose a technical paperauthor resourcesnewsblogcalendar of eventsclassifiedsprofessional developmentvolunteermembershipprevious conference speakersarchivesarchives2024 conferencekeynotes & invited speakers '24technical papers '24at-a-glance '24workshops '242023 conferencekeynotes & invited speakers '23technical papers '23at-a-glance '23workshops '232022 conferencekeynote, invited speakers '22tech papers '22workshops '22enterprise it quality meta-trackpre-2022 conferencessponsorssponsorspartnersaboutgovernancegovernancecode of conductcancellation policygenerative ai policyconflict of interest policydocument retention policyprivacy & compliance policywhistle blower policyfinancial policyboard & organizationdonatecontactsubmit a paper

member login





×









home

2025 conference2025 conferencevenueconference tracksexhibition booth faqsresourcesauthor resourcesbe a sponsorauthorspropose a poster paperpropose a technical paperauthor resourcesnewsblogcalendar of eventsclassifiedsprofessional developmentvolunteermembershipprevious conference speakersarchivesarchives2024 conferencekeynotes & invited speakers '24technical papers '24at-a-glance '24workshops '242023 conferencekeynotes & invited speakers '23technical papers '23at-a-glance '23workshops '232022 conferencekeynote, invited speakers '22tech papers '22workshops '22enterprise it quality meta-trackpre-2022 conferencessponsorssponsorspartnersaboutgovernancegovernancecode of conductcancellation policygenerative ai policyconflict of interest policydocument retention policyprivacy & compliance policywhistle blower policyfinancial policyboard & organizationdonatecontactsubmit a paper

member login



kick out the jams! pnsqc 2025 call for papers starts in januarywe’re starting 2025 on a high note with the pnsqc quality jam! this dynamic event is your chance to connect with the software quality community, share ideas, and get inspired as we launch the call for proposals for the 2025 conference.the evening will feature lightning talks designed to spark creativity and discussions about software quality. it’s a jam session where innovation meets collaboration—come see where the music takes us!when: thursday, january 23rd, 5-8 pm pacific timewhere: university place hotel, 310 sw lincoln st, portland, or 97201 – and online!agenda:5-6 pm: networking6-8 pm: lightning talks (with a short break halfway through)whether you’re attending in person, virtually, or joining the seattle watch party at cascadia pizza co, (1820 130th ave ne, bellevue, wa 98005), this is an evening you won’t want to miss.the 2025 call for proposals officially opens at this event, so bring your ideas and get ready to share your vision for the future of software quality.let’s make 2025 a year to remember—see you there!register to attend quality jam 2025upcoming events



25
feb



job tips & tricks for software quality professionals
it's that time of the year again! join us online to hear som... 

get the newsletter




email: 



2024 gold sponsors2024 exhibitorssponsors and partnerscontact bill opsal for information about opportunities to support the conference while sharing your brand with attendees. financial support may qualify for tax deductions as pnsqc is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit.the 42nd pnsqc award winners, keynotes +the conference may be over but the future is now!  pacific northwest software quality conference (pnsqc) hosted the 42nd annual conference and it was a great success!the 2024 conference showcased a total 4 keynotes, 8 invited speakers, 37 technical papers written and presented by quality professionals, 3 panel discussions, and a 11 workshops as well as some of our time honored activities.  the conference was held at the university place hotel conference center in beautiful downtown portland, oregon.  it was truly inspirational and a lot of fun!thanks again to our gracious sponsors, dedicated paper reviewers, hard working volunteers, attendees, and board members for making the pacific nw software quality conference so great year after year. 2024 the future is now!watch the 2024 conference keynotes on the pnsqc youtube channel. with so many talks, panels, and discussions packed into two days, there's a lot you may want to revisit. get inspired, learn from a speaker's tips or insights, and share a video with your team or colleagues.congratulations to our top three speakers nominated and evaluated by their peers at the conference.shifting out: a crucial dimension to left and right by jon bachwhat would you say you do here? reframing your role in the qa field by jeff singthe future is finding zero bugs (in qa) by leslie brookskeynotes, invited speakers, presentations and eventsthe conference always has a variety of industry-recognized keynote speakers, invited speakers, and panel discussions on key topics of today and tomorrow. there will also be lightning sessions, workshops, and social events. interesting conference papers, presentations, and posters will provide new ideas and insights that can be applied upon returning to work. the conference is also complemented by a full day of workshops, allowing a deep dive into topical and interesting subjects. look for more details to unfold over the next few months while the conference agenda is finalized.tracks aboundthe program committee is putting a lot of energy and enthusiasm into the tracks this year. having more speakers and shorter breaks was a popular change for last year that will be carried forward this year. the tracks cover a wide range of topics designed to interest managers, developers, testers, and other engineering professionals.





						© 2025 pacific nw software quality conference						 





































					website powered by memberleap.






