








home - lee enfield rifle association






























 



search ...  










toggle navigation







homelera infoenfield infogeneral infolera shop















			lera's aim is to promote the shooting, collection, conservation and study of the lee enfield series of rifles. 		








  
		print	 




welcome to the lee enfield rifle association (lera) website.  parts of the site are public but some areas are accessible to subscribing lera members only.
established over 25 years ago by a group of enfield enthusiasts, many members are collectors of enfield and other military rifles and we have links with other clubs and organisations worldwide who share our passion for enfield rifles.   
we hold regular meetings, shoots and competitions at bisley and at the mod ash ranges complex.
membership is just £45 per year for standard members, and only £35 for those over 65 or under 25.
we can offer training courses for those new to shooting.   our training programme is undergoing review/updating and we are currently unable to offer these to new entrants to the sport. to enquire about joining us if you have an fac and scc, please email:  this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it. 

links are shown in green.  if something appears not to work, please inform: this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it. 
  





				you are here:  
			


						home					















username











password							






remember me 



log in





 



for all the latest newsclick here
 next shoot:-  
positional shooting/general practice sat 22 feb 2025 stoney castle range
pre-booking via eventbrite required.
 
 shoot dates 
weather at bisleytraffic around bisley
most popular:-
   paperwork and forms
   zeroing an enfield   looking after your enfield
   competitions & results
   charger clips
   learning to shoot
   shooting links
   training
nra news
the bulletin
scc renewal form
dispatches archive
using the zero range
 if you can't log in, or you have any problems with the website email: this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.



lera facebook



facebook group for lera members only. email this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.for access.












					back to top				


				© 2025 lee enfield rifle association			




