













	car spray guns & paint guns | devilbiss automotive refinishing


























































search
                    





search





language select

english 
french 
spanish 
german 







about


careers




products


dv1


prolite


prolite s


gpg


flg


slg


legacy guns


tekna guns


dagr airbrush gun


dekups


dekups


dekups evo




snap-n-flow


pressure cups & tanks


air control & filtration


air regulators and gauges


hose


hose fittings


clean products


gun cleaner


accessories


curing




where to buy


spray gun setup


paint company recommendations


pressure pot setup


spray gun set-up charts




support


customer service


spray gun troubleshooting


dekups savings calculator


service center locations


literature


materials safety data sheets


vo-tech program


student program


frequently asked questions


our compliance information


warranty info


clean roi calculators


technical support


distributor image portal


paint recommendations




contact


















































































leading automotive refinishing technology
with years of building solutions for the automotive spray paint guns, devilbiss automotive refinishing understands industry technology and trends to ensure that our automotive spray paint guns fit many applications. we know nothing is more valuable than the “wow” factor when delivering the finished product to your customer. we aim to equip painters with the necessary automotive spray paint guns to make this possible.
our automotive spray paint guns provide excellent atomization of high-solids clears that leads to glass-like finishes, optimized to virtually eliminate mottling and striping with metallic base coats and produce an excellent color match. to this day, we continue to set the standard for spray finishing through our research and development, innovative product line, and commitment to customer service. 
when you purchase automotive spray paint guns from devilbiss automotive refinishing, our applicators produce high transfer efficiency, which helps reduce the amount of wasted material and vocs. we provide sustainable and innovative solutions that will save you money by decreasing the amount of paint wasted and reducing time spent. working faster means higher throughput, which in turn leads to higher revenues.








featured product lines










dv1 learn more



prolite learn more



prolite s learn more



gpg learn more



flg learn more



slg learn more










dv1
the dv1 spray gun series from devilbiss is designed for professional automotive refinishing, offering advanced atomization and performance. the lineup includes the dv1 basecoat and clearcoat hvlp spray guns for handling today's most challenging materials, and the smart and spot repair gun for precise, invisible repairs. limited edition old school, new school, & durbz guns not only give you an exclusive design, but also all of the control, performance and finish quality you've come to expect from the dv1.







prolite
the devilbiss prolite spray gun series is designed for automotive refinishing, ensuring a smooth and consistent finish on difficult-to-atomize materials like low voc, high solids, pearls, and metallics. the prolite gravity model features a gravity-fed design, while the prolite pressure pot model provides both pressure and suction feed options, making it ideal for larger projects. built with high-quality materials and advanced air cap technology.







prolite s
the prolite-s is known for exceptional handling, delicate trigger control and the ability to blend solid colors — particularly metallics and special effect colors — over a small area. combining the fit, feel and balance of the prolite with the compact dimensions essential in a spot repair gun, minor repairs can be completed to full warranty standards quickly and efficiently with minimal paint, all while maintaining pinpoint color accuracy.







gpg
the devilbiss gpg gravity spray gun is a versatile, cost-effective solution for automotive refinishers. its anodized, drop-forged aluminum body offers lightweight control and smooth trigger action, providing the ergonomics and balance professionals expect from devilbiss. the gpg's high-efficiency and hvlp air caps ensure excellent atomization for a wide range of coatings, including basecoats, clearcoats, primers, and sealers, while multiple fluid nozzle options accommodate various flow rates for rapid application.







flg
the devilbiss flg spray gun is an affordable, general-purpose solution ideal for a variety of refinish jobs and diy projects. with options for gravity, suction, and pressure feed setups, it provides flexibility for both small and large applications. the flg offers full control over pattern shape, fluid flow, and air pressure for consistent, efficient results. its ergonomic design, smooth trigger action, and efficient atomization technology help reduce fatigue and material waste.







slg
the devilbiss slg spray gun is a budget-friendly, general-purpose solution for automotive refinishers and diy enthusiasts. designed for small compressors, it delivers consistent performance with a lightweight, ergonomically designed body, offering a comfortable grip and smooth trigger action. the slg is designed for single-layer materials and smaller projects, with easy adjustments for air inlet pressure and spray pattern. it includes a 550ml cup and other accessories.







see the dv1 in action








play video









                devilbiss automotive refinishing16430 n scottsdale roadsuite 450scottsdale, az 85254800-445-3988








follow us:









copyright © 2025 by devilbiss automotive refinishing
|terms of use|privacy statement|cookie settings


                website created by foremost media® | 

admin















