



genetic dilemmas in primary care






















genetic dilemmas in primary care
home
preview program

videotape samples
viewers guide samples


order program

video program order form (pdf)
download viewers guide (pdf)
download cme materials (pdf)


featured article

part 1
part 2
part 3
part 4
part 5
conclusion
references
download article


program faculty
february 17, 2025additional resources

roles and responsibilities in genetics
genetic counseling
online links
online search
online news
offline materials


contact/feedback
program credits
website policies

medical intent
privacy
external links
limitations
policy changes


get acrobat reader
welcome to the website for “genetic dilemmas in primary care,” an educational program about the medical and ethical challenges raised by genetic testing in primary care practice. this site provides the opportunity to preview the program, order the program, and download cme materials, as well as a discussion guide, a program essay, and other educational resources for further study.
primary care clinicians and obstetricians/gynecologists have become the first line of information and counseling for patients seeking to understand the unique role of genetics in their overall medical care. yet genetic medicine – and specifically genetic testing – raises some of the most subtle medical, psychosocial and bioethical dilemmas faced by practitioners and their patients.
this program draws on the expertise of leading geneticists, genetic counselors, bioethicists, and primary care clinicians and educators, as well as patients. with a focus on effective clinical communications and informed consent, the program highlights key medical, psychosocial and ethical issues raised by genetic testing.
cme objectives and information
note: the deadline for cme credit has expired.

the genetic dilemmas program is designed for family physicians, internists, obstetricians and gynecologists, pediatricians and advance practice nurses, as well as other primary care clinicians. it includes a one hour case-based videotape and a printed viewers guide, discussion points, an annotated resource list and cme information. after viewing the videotape, participants will:

have an increased awareness of the psychological and social implications of genetic testing.
have an increased understanding of the current accuracy, reliability, and implications of genetic testing in general, with specific emphasis on testing for inherited breast and ovarian cancer, cystic fibrosis and familial adenomatous polyposis.
understand the concept of an expanded informed consent process for genetic testing that will promote meaningful dialogue between caregiver and patient and facilitate shared decision-making.

the activity has been planned and implemented in accordance with the essential areas and policies of the accreditation council for continuing medical education (accme) through the joint sponsorship of the college of physicians and surgeons of columbia university and the hastings center.
the college of physicians and surgeons is accredited by accme to provide continuing medical education to physicians. the college of physicians and surgeons designates this educational activity for a maximum of 2 hours in category 1 credit towards the ama physician’s recognition award. each physician should claim only those hours of credit that he/she actually spent in the educational activity.
there is no discussion of specific products in this program.
if you have already viewed the program and would be willing to provide a program evaluation to the project team, please use the online evaluation form on this website.
use of this website constitutes consent to the governing website policies.
  

“genetic dilemmas in primary care” is a project of the hastings center, created in cooperation with columbia university, college of physicians and surgeons. the project was made possible by a grant from the national institutes of health.

 

the hastings center is an independent, nonpartisan, and nonprofit research institute that was founded in 1969 to address fundamental ethical issues in health, medicine and the life sciences. its journal, the hastings center report, is the preeminent scholarly publication in the field of bioethics.






 



 



 


return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 the hastings center ·   this site built on studiopress and wordpress








