








pac/west communications | the northwest's premier political pr firm






















































home
services

case studies
portfolio


team
contact us





menu


menu

 






the northwest’s premier public relations & communications firm
learn more

a full-service, award-winning public relations and communications firm

pac/west communications is an award-winning political public relations and communications firm, developing comprehensive solutions for the challenges facing our clients. we are one of the most successful political public affairs firms in the western united states.
whether you are looking for support on a specific issue or a long-term strategy, we can help. our firm has managed projects and campaigns across the country. our clients include fortune 500 companies, associations, government entities, nonprofits, universities, small businesses and individuals.




pac/west communications

for over 27 years, pac/west communications has provided strategic communications, government affairs, and political and public relations campaigns services. we are your one-stop shop for any communications needs, including publicity and marketing management, media relations, public relations/crisis communications, creative design, videography and photography, media planning and placement, television production, copy writing, research analysis, website development, and event coordination. pac/west’s work has received over 20 prestigious industry awards and has been recognized in the areas of marketing, public outreach, video and collateral production, digital communications, social media, and political campaigns.


learn more

pac/west communications delivers comprehensive solutions to our clients’ communications challenges.
our work has been recognized across the nation with top awards from the american association of political consultants, the public relations society of america, pr news, and the association of marketing & communication professionals. our clients are diverse and expect industry leading results. our strategic communications services include:

branding
campaign management
graphic & creative design
logo development
marketing

media placement
media relations
photography
public affairs
public opinion & market research

social media
stakeholder outreach & education
video production
web design & management



let’s get started
   

  office 11535 sw durham road
suite c3
tigard, oregon 97224







© copyright - pac/west communications 
facebooklinkedin






scroll to top






