


golf in northwest indiana / southwest michigan :: michiana golf














site resources"my handicap? woods and irons." chris codiroligolf discounts
golf specials
  user login  
the offers
how it works
order yours

golf courses

golf tips

golf jokes

about us

contact us

home page

help for courses

help for charities
golf linksthe history of golfprofessional golfers' association of americapga tour siteladies professional golf association
golf the beautiful courses of northwest indiana & southwest michigan ... affectionately known as "michiana."





click images for expanded views



in the news ... briar leaf golf club, la porte, indiana, a michianagolf.com 4.5-star certified course
just over an hour from downtown chicago and 15 minutes from lake michigan sits the briar leaf golf club. this la porte, indiana course is one of michiana's gems. from course condition to greens fee rates to amenities, briar leaf is very hard to beat.

head pro jay williams says "this land used to be a farm. it's got a mix of gently rolling terrain, some flat land, and outlined with trees. we've added over 200 trees to the course." with the extra trees, water on 9 holes, and other obstacles, williams adds "this is a thinking-man's course."

briar leaf is a fair test with water and bunkers in locations that quality shots can avoid. but it doesn't end there. while many of the holes require accurate, almost target-type shots to score well, several holes also allow you to "open it up." so, bring all your clubs, you'll need them!

briar leaf has 4 sets of tees:


green4,804 yards
gold5,861 yards
silver6,217 yards
black6,579 yards
there is a formal grounds maintenance program, and it shows. briar leaf is in excellent condition all season long. over the past several years, all equipment has been upgraded and bunkers revamped.

the briar leaf amenities list is a long one: lockers / showers, golf carts, club rental, club cleaning, practice putting & chipping greens, driving range, pro shop & retail shop, and on-course drinks / snacks / restrooms. golf lessons are available from pga professional jay williams.

speaking of amenities, williams has had the pleasure of playing the course at st. andrews on 3 occasions which served as the inspiration for the newly completed st. andrews clubroom. truly a unique amenity that course members will certainly enjoy.

another unique feature of briar leaf is that it doesn't house the usual "19th hole" pub. instead, portofino's grill, attached to the clubhouse, is an upscale restaurant featuring great food and service along with both casual and fine dining options. call the pro shop or portofino's for more details.

briar leaf golf club is a true golfing experience.

as one can imagine, briar leaf is an excellent location to host your next outing or fundraiser. speak to williams or his staff about your plans and thoughts.

the briar leaf golf club is also a michianagolf.com "offers for golfers" participant ... do you have your pass yet?

to learn more, visit the briar leaf golf club page.

have news to share about your course? please contact us.

why should you golf michiana?
golf digest magazine ... the nation's most-popular golf publication and in partnership with espn, recently selected the midwest's very own michiana area as one of the best golf destinations in the world.

the golf courses in northwest indiana & southwest michigan are plentiful -- over 140 courses, and varied with many world-class golf facilities as well as golf communities and resorts.

michiana can proudly boast to having more than 45 four-star or better golf courses within northwest indiana & southwest michigan. this is certainly an impressive total that grows with nearly every golf season.

famous golf fanatics that have enjoyed playing the michiana area golf courses include ...

ben crenshawmike ditka

"chick" evansben hogan

michael jordantom kite

phil mickelsonbyron nelson

jack nicklausarnold palmer

payne stewartcurtis strange

tom watsontiger woods

and many others!
we invite you to experience the many breathtaking vistas and lush fairways available to golfers who play the beautifully challenging michiana area golf courses of northwest indiana & southwest michigan.

michiana is definitely golf's summer capital!
golf specials | golf courses | golf tips | golf jokes | aboutcontact | home page | help for courses | help for charitiesmichianagolf.compo box 465, st. joseph, michigan 49085"where surfing the 'net can help your golf game!"privacy statement / usage terms and conditions member:
featured offerbriar leafgolf clubla porte, infoursomeone roundof golfand cartm-f (holidaysexcluded) $132sat & sun, holidaysafter 12pm(cdt) $152order yourpass todaydiscount value: up to $84.00see offer for"fine print"order yourssite sponsors
lighthousecolorprintlet's help your church's congregation grow!www.lighthousecolorpr
exciting new book seriessuzonne of twin flames by janie lynn peterson.www.amazon.com
baroda founders wine cellarwine cellar & tasting roomwww.founderswinecell
hamadanchi chiropractic clinicst. joseph, michigan chiropractor.www.stjoechiro.com
drier's meat marketcelebrating 100+ years!www.driers.com
become asite sponsor!© 1999-2025michianagolf.comall rights reserved.design bylighthouse colorprint(269) 428-7062