






tucson luxury custom home builders | tj bednar construction |















































home
company
gallery
floor plans
email us
call now
 


select page


  
 
 














homes as unique as an arizona sunsetwelcome to tj bednar homes serving the greater tucson area









homes as unique as an arizona sunsetwelcome to tj bednar homes serving the greater tucson area









homes as unique as an arizona sunsetwelcome to tj bednar homes serving the greater tucson area









homes as unique as an arizona sunsetwelcome to tj bednar homes serving the greater tucson area









homes as unique as an arizona sunsetwelcome to tj bednar homes serving the greater tucson area











excellence by design

welcome to tj bednar homes serving tucson, arizona and the surrounding communities.  at tj bednar we focus on providing building services that are unparalleled using quality craftsman, artisans and materials.
at tj bednar, we understand that pride of ownership is important to you. you need a quality home builder that can be trusted not just to do the job, but to do the job well.
we understand how stressful the process of building can be. this is why we work directly with our clients to ensure that was is being built is more than just a house; we build relationships.
we believe that building your home should be as easy as it was to dream up in the first place, and we promise to do our very best to make sure that we exceed the expectations of each and every client.












a constant pursuit to be the most eco-friendly builder. period.
since 1976, tj bednar building has worked to bring tucson reasonably priced, high quality, energy-efficient homes. for more than 20 years, tj bednar has participated in and supported tep’s residential new construction programs. bednar was an early adopter of new energy-efficiency standards and techniques, and was the 2015 recipient of the lifetime contribution to residential energy efficient award.
nobody cares more about building energy-efficient homes in tucson than tj bednar. this is a fact.











a difference you can see

at first glance tj bednar building may look like any other construction company in tucson. but when you take the time to really due your due dilligance, which we encourage every potential customer to do, you will see quite a difference.
we strive to build “one with the environment,” blending our homes into the surrounding landscape. we look to build with colors that you see in the cacti flowers, the greens of the palo verde tree, and of our gorgeous arizona sunsets. we actively avoid the cliche contractors color pallet that you see in subdivision homes.







quality craftsmanship
at tj bednar, you can expect that the craftsman and artisans charged with bringing your home to life are qualified and experienced. we have a long-standing relationship with the majority of sub-contractors who work with us, from digging footers to finish trim, and everywhere in between.




superior materials
the materials that are used to construct all of the houses that we build at tj bednar are made to last in the dry and hot environmental elements that we have in the tucson area. you will never find us cutting corners on the quality of building materials and supplies that we use for any house we build.




open communication
the core to any good business relationship begins far before the plans are drawn up. it starts with developing rapport with customers, listening to their needs and creating solutions that exceed their expectations. this is what we do at tj bednar with every client we work with.











you deserve something beautiful

at tj bednar homes, we understand that pride of ownership is important to you. you need a quality home builder that can be trusted to do the job well. we understand how stressful the process of designing and building can be, especially when working with builders that put themselves first. that is why we’ve spent the last 45 years building custom homes for arizona residents that bring to life the dreams and desires of our clients. you deserve a beautiful home, and you deserve to enjoy the process.

call us now











a place to call home…
tucson is a community rich in culture, rich in history and is one of the most welcoming communities you will find. nationally ranked as one of the best places to live in america by several respected sources, tucson also has one of the highest concentrations of highly-ranked public schools. in addition, the university of arizona calls tucson home, and wildcat sports is always ranked among the best teams in the nation.
looking for some authentic mexican food? how about some amazing fairs and festivals throughout the year? or maybe you are the extreme outdoor type looking for the next rock to climb or trial to traverse. yep, tucson is home to all of that and more.
many in business and industries call tucson home as well. from giants in the defense industry to a growing network of home-based businesses, and everywhere in-between, tucson has it all.
there really isn’t anything that tucson can’t offer for folks from up-and-coming young families to those looking to scale back and retire. at tj bednar homes, we are here to help you with any of your residential building needs, whether you choose to live in one of our established communities or are looking for a new, custom home.
so many people and places call tucson home… how about you?
 







our homes

here are a few examples of the unique and exquisite homes that we build at tj bednar building. each home reflects the amazing beauty of the surrounding landscape and incorporates color patters that help blend in with the environment while maintaining unique architectural appearance.























view more photos



 












tj bednar homes is a licensed general contractor for the state of arizona.

copyright ©  | 2025 tj bednar homes. all rights reserved



 address:7606 n lacholla blvdtucson, az, 85741
 telephone:(520) 293-7203
 email:tjbednarhomes@gmail.com

followfollowfollow









another construction website designed by 



 














