


the magic & illusion of terry murphy





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close





 
the magic & illusion of terry murphy



 
 

 


the magic & illusion of terry murphy
bio
stage magic / illusion events
stand up magic events
award winning strolling / walk around / comedy up magic events
birthday party celebrations
 festival / fundraiser / motivational performances
*new*  live performances - video
client portfolio
customer appreciation
customer feedback
entertainment destinations 
availability / booking information





 



    
        welcome! the purpose of this web site is to acquaint you with the magical talents of master magician, terry murphy, formerly from shorewood, il. your local telephone directory yellow page listing, under magicians, modestly defines the 20+ year expertise of this extraordinary performer.he is a local assembly past president of the society of american magicians, a member of the international brotherhood of magicians, and the houdini organization of wisconsin. each of these organizations has recognized him for his award winning magic.terry is one of the most popular professional magicians/illusionists in the midwest.  he is the author of "clouds with silver linings," lecture notes for magicians, regarding the business of restaurant magic highly recognized in the magic community, a lecturer and motivational speaker.  in addition, he is also referred to as "chicagoland's #1 magician." each page contains information relating to a particular performance or venue and the value of it to you. browse through each page to determine the type of entertainment which best accomodates your wishes. you may choose your selection by simply clicking it on the left.   visit facebook  http://www.facebook.com  search for chicagoland's #1 magician 




for booking information contact (815) 782-5255 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. daily     or send an e-mail
 




if you would like a "hocus in focus" newsletter detailing current events of "the magic & illusion of terry murphy", it would be my pleasure to send you one. just submit your name & address to me via e-mail and i'll produce one in your home or office mailbox. thank you!
click here for recent client reviews near the bottom of the page.

   robert p has submitted the following review                client review       very, very professional! on time and great communication before, during and after. great show - you will not be disappointed! terry did a show for our annual office christmas party and everyone loved it. he is definitely chicagolands #1 magician in our book!               client ratings       robert gave you the following star ratings based on your service at their event (1=lowest, 5=highest):     professionalism: 5 of 5 quality of service: 5 of 5 ability to handle special requests: 5 of 5 willingness to recommend to a friend: 5 of 5 overall satisfaction: 5 of 5 
    
mystically entertaining at a fundraiser in the joliet harrah's casino dining room

to send an email click here !



 




 
 


 


"you'll be thinking about terry's next performance before the show is finished!"  the magic & illusion of terry murphy contact (815) 782-5255 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. daily









