
















business profesionals








































































business profesionals






























































































wednesday, october 31, 2012







manufacturing salaries






the composite highest-income practitioner reported in this field 
(salary plus cash bonus and/or cash profit-sharing) is the president "b"
 of a manufacturing firm (defined as a chief executive officer who has 
little or no financial interest in the firm).  the firm manufactures 
automotive parts/accessories, food/beverage/tobacco products, chemical 
& allied products, or machinery & heavy equipment; has 1,000 or 
more employees; has a total annual revenue of $100,000,000 or more; and 
is headquartered in or near denver/colorado springs, houston, memphis, 
minneapolis/st. paul, modesto/stockton, dallas/ft. worth, indianapolis, 
boston, new york city, or dayton, or outside a metropolitan area studied
 in idaho.  however, while the median president "b' has a total annual 
income of $214,966, the highest-income individuals reported are 
presidents "a" (having a financial interest in the firm) and make well 
over $30,000,000.

far
 toward the other end of the income spectrum, assemblers "d" have a 
median income of $20,418.  sometimes earning under $14,600, the 
lowest-paid employees in this group are employed by firms that 
manufacture building materials; have $1 million to $4.99 million in 
total annual revenue; have 5,000 to 9,999 employees; and are located in 
or near greensboro/winston-salem, raleigh/durham/chapel hill, dallas/ft.
 worth, or charlotte, or outside the metropolitan areas studied in 
texas, north carolina, or florida.

these composites represent the 
briefest possible "boil-down" of the voluminous data provided regarding 
current salaries and cash bonuses and/or profit sharing, and numerous 
demographic variables provided by 343 firms on over 54,000 managerial, 
supervisory, sales, engineering, technical, clerical, and blue-collar 
employees in 187 benchmark jobs which resulted in the eight-volume 
survey report, compensation in manufacturing, 24th edition - 2004, 
sponsored by the national association of manufacturers.

copies of 
the entire eight-volume report are available for $1,250.00 from abbott, 
langer & associates, inc., dept. art, 548 first st., crete, il 60417
 (telephone 708/672-4200; fax 708/672-4674; www.abbott-langer.com)
  also available is compensation in smaller manufacturing firms (under 
250 employees) for $595.00.  each volume of both reports may be 
purchased separately.  also available is findpay-mfg04 (a computer 
program which permits the user to determine pay levels of each survey 
job on the basis of two or more variables simultaneously).

it 
would be an exercise in futility to attempt more than a superficial 
overview of the survey results in this summary.  however, some overall 
data regarding compensation can be presented herein.  in addition to the
 incomes of the benchmark jobs already discussed, the median total cash 
compensation nationally of some of the other jobs included in the survey
 report is:

chief legal officers - $181,200

vice presidents of manufacturing/production - $135,375

chief marketing & sales executives - $133,835

chief corporate financial officers - $130,066

vice presidents of manufacturing/production engineering - $112,274

research & development managers - $90,377

engineering department managers/superintendents - $89,232

chief human resources executives - $80,849

plant managers/superintendents - $78,595

product/brand managers - $75,789

design managers - $74,347

facilities managers - $68,198

cost accounting managers - $67,161

sales engineers - $67,000

manufacturing engineers - $66,477

production managers/superintendents - $65,730

quality assurance/control managers - $64,890

computer programmers - $61,963

purchasing managers - $61,805

warehouse managers - $54,000

general production supervisors - $49,781

general accountants - $48,725







posted by



bendot




at

2:09 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, october 16, 2012







situational marketing






there is a nuclear-strength "secret" weapon that 90% of 
self-employed professionals are missing out on as they try to build 
their businesses. it's amazingly simple, amazingly powerful - and - 
amazingly overlooked!
it's called "situational marketing," and it can revolutionize your business.
as
 professionals in service industries, we live, eat, and breathe ideas. 
we live flying in the stratosphere, soaring with angels, shooting with 
stars. we think in terms of big ideas and processes. when we talk about 
what we do, we love to describe how things work in our field and 
theoretical explanations of how to fix problems.
the trouble is 
that the vast majority of our potential clients don't live in the world 
of ideas. they live on the ground. they think about getting their kids 
to school. they worry about being laid off from work. they struggle with
 getting their own businesses to work better.
people have very 
short attention spans. most people are aware of a very small number of 
acute, practical problems that are driving them crazy. they want 
solutions, they want them to be quick, and they want them now. they 
don't have the bandwidth for a lot of exposition.
self-employed 
professionals like coaches who try to sell "realizing your potential," 
"getting where you want to go," or "creating the life you want to live" 
really have a problem. most people might think those are nice ideas, but
 they have to think so hard to figure out what that means for them that 
they'd rather go home and balance their checkbook. even if they might be
 intrigued, they are thinking something like, "it would be nice to work 
on that right after i deal with my employee turnover problem."
other
 professionals who try to sell "accurate accounting services" or 
"high-quality graphic design" face a different but related problem. 
those are commodities in the minds of their potential clients. such 
language goes in one ear (or eye) and out the other. ten minutes after 
finding out about you they have forgotten all about it.
it's a 
well-known fact that people buy what they want rather than what they 
need. your marketing needs to be about the client: the client's 
situation, the client's feelings, the client's problem, and - finally - 
the solution you will provide for the client.
i was talking with a
 struggling self-employed woman the other day. she asked me what kind of
 coaching i do. i said, "i work with business owners who are tired of 
having their marketing efforts fall flat." she said, "oh my god, that's 
me!" i asked her, "do people's eyes glaze over when you tell them what 
you do?" she said, "yes! they do! i need you!"
she was excited 
when she heard my marketing statement! she instantly heard herself in 
the description. it indicated to her that i know her situation and 
probably have the perfect solution. this is what situational marketing 
does for you.
good situational marketing has several important qualities. it is:
· clear and specific - the listener hears themselves exactly in the message
· emotional - it elicits a response in the gut or the heart
· communicated in the words your clients actually use themselves
· easy to remember
· unusual in a way that really makes it stand out.
start
 with a careful examination of your unique talents and strengths. then 
examine the situations your ideal clients face and listen to the words 
they use to describe them. ask yourself what they say to themselves as 
they're driving to the office or brushing their teeth at night. when you
 find a match between the work you are passionate about doing and a 
problem your clients are aware that they have, you have struck gold. you
 know what to say, and you know what products and services you need to 
develop in order to help them. you know you can help them because their 
problem is really rooted in an area of personal growth in which you are 
an expert. and your ideal clients actually become excited to talk to 
you!
here are some more examples of situational marketing:
· people who secretly wish they'd get laid off so they can go do what they really want to do
· single working moms sharing custody with a jerk
· contractors who are tired of worrying where their next job is coming from
· business owners who wish their employees would stop bickering and do their jobs







posted by



bendot




at

2:09 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, october 8, 2012







business lessons from history






    harry truman stated, "the only new thing in the world is the 
history that you don't know."  truman spent many years studying the 
history of those who preceded him. his study paid off. truman today is 
regarded as one of america's greatest presidents. the reason history is 
important is because we live in a cause-and-effect universe. similar 
choices produce similar results at the individual (micro) level and at 
the national (macro) level. history is the story of choices made, and 
the results of those choices.  lesson one:  look for what worked and 
what didn't work, and why  you can use history like a case study in 
business school. example: mark twain became a partner in a publishing 
company, webster & co., which published the " personal memoirs of u.
 s. grant." twain also obtained the rights to pope leo iii's authorized 
biography. the first book became a best seller. the second sold poorly. 
 both publications seemed like good ideas. twain assumed that purchasing
 the pope's biography would be required reading for american catholics. 
it wasn't. at that time many working-class irish and german catholics 
couldn't read and those who could had little discretionary income for 
purchasing books.  grant's memoirs became a literary and financial 
triumph because it was written by a popular president who had just died,
 it provided an insider's account of the civil war, which was a 
fascinating topic for millions, and it was beautifully written. (see 
fred kaplan, "the singular mark twain." ny: 2003, doubleday, pp. 422, 
423) lesson two:  there is magic in thinking big  ted turner is the 
biggest-thinking individual i have ever known personally. he literally 
changed the world with cnn. changing the world is exactly what he 
intended to do. i was an on-air host and producer at tbs when cnn was 
being planned. but i had no idea how big ted was thinking.  and where 
did ted turner get his inspiration? from history. one of turner's 
favorite characters as a youth was alexander the great, who is reported 
to have wept because there were no more worlds left for him to conquer. 
 an in-depth study of history can raise your aspirations.  when you 
discover what others have been able to accomplish under adverse 
conditions and often with few advantages, you may hear a voice inside 
that says to you, "i can do something significant too." "make no little 
plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood." the quote is from daniel
 h. burnham. here's a thumbnail sketch of the man behind the quote.  
burnham, who's the subject of erik larson's beautifully written new book
 "the devil in the white city," was the man who made the chicago world's
 fair happen. he was director of works, world's columbian exposition, 
1893. burnham and his partner john wellborn root designed some of 
chicago's earliest skyscrapers. his plan for chicago was used for many 
years, and is considered a classic example of city planning. the book 
"time tactics of very successful people" contains an entire section on 
how high achievers make plans.   for information about obtaining this 
book, go to 
http://www.achievementdigest.com/timetacticsofverysuccessfulpeople.html 
lincoln's log lincoln still influences decisions. christie hefner, 
chairman and chief executive, playboy enterprises, recently told a new 
york times writer that she had learned an invaluable leadership lesson 
from lincoln.  here is a quote from that interview: "in leadership, it 
isn't about what you say; it's about what the other person hears. if you
 articulate well, like lincoln, you have a tendency to think: 'i've made
 myself clear.' but the point is, lincoln realizes, what did the other 
person hear?" lincoln is generally thought of as a politician, which he 
was, but his vocation was the law. he served about 1500 days as 
president and 23 years as a lawyer. during that time he tried 
approximately 5000 cases, an average of about 200 a year. in the huge 
eight judicial circuit of central illinois, lincoln had the largest 
single caseload. during his career, lincoln was involved in 15 murder 
cases. of those, four men were found not guilty (one by reason of 
insanity), two were indicted but not prosecuted, one escaped during 
trial, six were convicted on the lesser charge of manslaughter, and only
 two were found guilty and sentenced to hang. (lincoln legal briefs, 
july-september 1996, no. 39)
a
 quaint note has survived from one of lincoln's civil cases in the 
1850s. "if you settle i will charge nothing for what i have done, and 
thank you to boot. by settling you will likely get your money sooner, 
and with much less trouble and expense." (journal of the abraham lincoln
 assn., vol 16, no. 2, pp. 4, 5) lincoln understood that compromise is 
necessary in everyday life. "persuade your neighbors to compromise 
whenever you can," he wrote in a lecture for lawyers. "point out to them
 how the nominal winner is often a real loser--in fees, and expenses, 
and waste of time." learn about how lincoln communicated from the 
recently released  dvd "lincoln on communication."  it is widely used as
 an instructional manual in leadership and communication programs, but 
it also is valuable for self-study. it comes with an instructor's guide.
  for information about obtaining this valuable resource, go to 
http://www.achievementdigest.com/lincoln%20on%20communication.html    
another lincoln resource is the book "the words lincoln lived by."  for 
information go to 
http://www.achievementdigest.com/thewordslincolnlivedby.html    the book
 is available as a spoken-word audiocassette.   for information, to 
http://www.achievementdigest.com/inspirationalwords.html quantity prices
 are available. one of our readers ordered 200 copies to give to 
customers and prospects.   this article is excerpts from the achievement
 digest   www.achievementdigest.com(for a complimentary subscription, go to www.achievementdigest.com and follow the prompts.)
gene griessman, ph.d.  editor and publisher  www.achievementdigest.com


    gene griessman, ph.d. is editor-in-chief of the achievement 
digest--www.achievementdigest.com 
[http://www.achievementdigest.com]--and is an executive coach and a 
much-sought after public speaker for conventions, conferences, and 
retreats.  he has interviewed some of the most famous people in the 
world asking the question:  “what makes people great?”
his list 
includes ronald reagan, ray charles, david rockefeller, sandra day 
o’connor, jack nicklaus, hank aaron, ted turner, julie andrews, aaron 
copland, jack lemmon, billy joel, and tennessee williams and many 
others.
griessman often appears on television and radio, and his 
award-winning programs have aired on wcnn and tbs.  for years he was 
host of “up close” on tbs, the superstation founded by ted turner.
he
 has written and co-authored seven books, plus a one-man play on abraham
 lincoln.  he has performed twice at historic ford’s theatre and at the 
lincoln memorial.
his book “time tactics of very successful 
people” was featured in reader’s digest and is now in its 24th printing.
  he is also author of “the words lincoln lived by” and “the 
inspirational words of abraham lincoln.”  his latest cd is entitled “99 
ways to get more out of every day” and his latest dvd is “abraham 
lincoln on communication.”
he has taught at the college of william
 and mary, north carolina state university, auburn university, and 
georgia tech.  he has served as a fulbright professor at the national 
graduate university of pakistan and as a visiting researcher at the 
national agrarian university of peru and the university of new south 
wales in australia.







posted by



bendot




at

2:07 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, october 1, 2012







how to create a mission statement






    creating a mission statement can help you focus your business 
effort and do a lot of good in bringing your workforce together behind a
 common theme. the key to success is not just creating a mission 
statement, it's living the mission statement.
a
 mission statement identifies the major purpose that you fulfill when 
providing products and services to customers. your mission statement 
should:

include the reason for your business
identify your firm's unique 'value added'
reflect your firm's core business activity
provide a focus
identify the purpose you fulfill

step one -- develop your mission statement by identifying:
stakeholders - those people who are directly affected by the 
company's successes and failures. stakeholders could be employees, 
internal customers, organizational customers, external customers.
products and services - items that you produce for your customers. 
products and services might include consulting, training, products or 
services for individual use, products or services for business use.
value added - the key advantage you provide over the competition. 
why would a customer come to your company for service? what makes your 
company special?

step two -- construct a first draftthe [your company name] meets the [your products and services] needs of [stakeholders] by [value added].
step three -- refine the mission statement
is
 it too wordy? is it brief and to the point? will employees remember it?
 would it make sense to your stakeholders? is it a true mission 
statement and not a goal? does it inspire your organization? does it 
describe your business focus and effort? is it unique?
step four -- make it visible
post the mission statement for easy review by all employees and customers.
step five -- live it!
this step will be easy if you've involved your entire group in the process.








posted by



bendot




at

2:06 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, september 24, 2012







enjoy procrastinating, and get the job done anyway - 7 steps






1. choose a task you have been meaning to get done but never seem to 
get around to doing. you must be able to see and touch something that 
represents this task to you. it could be a note about making a phone 
call or a file folder containing everything you need to start writing a 
report, or a stack of material you have been meaning to file.

2.
 pick up the object, the note, the stack, the paint can...whatever it 
is.  preferably pick it up 10 times a day;  but at least once a day.  
hold it and look at it.

3. say aloud the following words. "i don't
 want to...(fill in the blank with words similar to these the 
following)...call this  client (specify his/her name), fill out this 
form, write this  check to (specify the name)." "nobody can make 
me...(say again  what you are not doing.)" "i will do...(say what it is 
once more) when i am damm good and ready to do it!"

4. pay 
attention to your creative (or resistant) thoughts as you do this 
process. laughing, giggling, or stomping your feet during the process is
 okay too.

5. repeat this process daily for at least 5 days -- unless of course you complete the task before then.

6.
 if the job still isn't done by now, you certainly know why it isn't 
done and/or what resources you need to do it. decide whether or not you 
will actually do the task.

7. do it, ditch it, or delegate it appropriately.

this
 works because procrastination is often a sign of ambivalence. part of 
you does want or needs to do the task, but another part of you, usually a
 silent part, does not want to do it.

giving the resistant part of
 you a chance to speak, as well as acknowledging that you have the power
 to complete the task when you are ready resolves the impasse.







posted by



bendot




at

2:05 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, september 17, 2012







hidden traps for life partners who work together






neither couple i describe knows the other couple, but their stories are strikingly similar. 

                                                                              

craig and warren are both recently retired executives. craig's wife,
 marcy, owns and operates a website design firm.  warren's wife, sharon,
 owns an exclusive gift shop.  both businesses are successful, and each 
woman finds business ownership personally satisfying and rewarding.  
both women requested couples coaching for similar reasons.  their 
husbands were interfering in their businesses. 

 

craig and marcy were newlyweds.  it was a long distance romance, and
 they both were delighted when his retirement allowed them to be 
together.  his unspoken plan was to help her with her business so that 
she could work less, and they could spend more time together.  her plan,
 also unspoken, was to continue to develop her business in order to sell
 it in a few years and fund her own retirement. 

 

craig enthusiastically earned his certification in web design.  he 
found the new information fun and refreshing after years of heavy 
corporate responsibility.  marcy was delighted that he was busy and 
happy, until he started to help her with her work.  she found his 
suggestions insulting. it was her business, she was the expert, and she 
supervised many designers and negotiated profitable contracts.  now he, a
 novice, was trying to tell her what to do! 

 

warren and sharon did talk to each other about their plans and 
goals.  warren felt that his expertise could be put to good use in 
sharon's business.  he convinced her, against her "better judgment," 
that expanding the business would create long term benefits for both of 
them.  she decided to go along with his ideas.

 

they made plans together, expanded their capacity, hired several new
 employees, and warren started pressuring everyone to be more 
productive.  sharon began to hate going to work.  she had loved the 
personal contact with her customers,  but now she spent most of her time
 managing employees and trying to keep warren calm. 

 

both women knew they were angry about their husbands' interference, 
baut neither could communicate about it effectively.  each was trying to 
balance keeping the peace, supporting their husbands and taking care of 
themselves and their businesses.  each time the women tried to discuss 
their own discomfort, their husbands would logically explain that they 
were only trying to help their wives. 

 

during our sessions we uncovered the hidden assumptions and 
discussed them.  when each man discovered the cause of their respective 
spouse's feelings they was astonished to learn about the negative 
effects of genuinely trying to help their wives. 

 

neither of the men had thought much about how they were going to 
find a meaningful way to fill their time after retirement, and simply 
picked up what was convenient--their wife's business.  as the women 
learned to protect their own boundaries, a new conversation emerged. 
 each man needed to explore their own options for finding their own 
fulfilling activities.







posted by



bendot




at

2:04 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, september 10, 2012







the boss didn't understand why his staff wasn't reading his mind






many people believe that everyone sees the world exactly the same way
 as they do.  this is never true and was the source of much turmoil in 
dr. jacob's office.

when the job isn't getting done

"they never seem to get any work done on time, but they complain that they're being underutilized."

dr. jacob, a chiropractor, was talking about his office staff.

"i
 have to do so many things myself that they could do for me, but they 
don't.  they just don't seem care about what i want.  i just don't 
understand.  i pay them well and they need their jobs."

as dr. 
jacob's frustration increased, he explored the idea that he had hired 
inappropriate people in the first place.  he reflected that if only he 
could find the proper leverage he thought he could make them do what he 
had hired them to do.

leverage to dr. jacob meant the proper combination of rewards and threats.

guidelines may be necessary

when
 i asked about what guidelines the staff was given to do their work dr. 
jacob admitted that he let them set up their own procedures with very 
little input from him.  he communicated his expectations very vaguely, 
because he himself hated to be told what to do.

dr. jacob thought if he were "nice" to them, they would like him and work hard to assure the success of the office.

unclear expectations produce a schizophrenic experience for the boss and his staff

dr.
 jacob only got angry when they didn't meet his admittedly non-specific 
performance expectations.  when he got frustrated enough, he would 
insist that his rules be followed; telling his confused and demoralized 
staff exactly how to do what he expected.  they were constantly 
seesawing between unclear expectations and over-detailed instructions 
that discounted their intelligence and experience.a

giving others what you need for yourself may not work

dr.
 jacob argued when i suggested that he needed to create clear guidelines
 for his staff and then leave them alone to do their jobs.  he was sure 
his staff would hate him and quit if he did that, and he firmly believed
 they would never get any work done without closer supervision.

dr. jacob believed that everyone in the world hated structure as much as he did.

when
 i explained that most people need and want structured guidelines in 
order to feel safe and happy, dr. jacob was surprised.  he explained how
 he had been forced to follow rules for most of his life and cherished 
his present freedom.  he assumed that everybody else felt exactly the 
same way he did.

give your staff what they need to produce results

he
 experimented with the idea that some people felt nurtured by structure.
  warily, he started telling his office manager only the outcomes he 
wanted including necessary completion times.







posted by



bendot




at

2:03 pm



2 comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2012

(12)





        ▼ 
      



october

(4)

manufacturing salaries
situational marketing
business lessons from history
how to create a mission statement








        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



august

(4)









about me




bendot



view my complete profile











































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























