











































	
        
        ottawa police service



















skip to content





emergency: 911



careersfile a reportcontact us



en
fr


safe exit















ottawa police service




contact us










reports and requests
                    toggle reports and requests menu
                  alarm registrationcollision reportingcompliments and complaintscontact uscourtdestruction of fingerprints and photographsfile a reportpaid duty and eventsrecord and background checksrequest a copy of a police reportvictim support unitcommunity safety and crime prevention
                    toggle community safety and crime prevention menu
                  community police centrescommunity safety and well-beingcrime preventionprojects and publicationsscams and fraudtraffic and road safetywater and boating safetynews and updates
                    toggle news and updates menu
                  community safety data portaldemonstrations and protestsdisciplinary hearings and decisionsin-car camerasmedia contactsmissing personsnews and eventsour ottawapersons to identifyrewardsunsolvedwanted personscareers and volunteering
                    toggle careers and volunteering menu
                  careers - sworn and civiliancommunity equity councilstudent and youth opportunitiesvolunteeryouth advisory committeewho we are
                    toggle who we are menu
                  about uscontact usequity, diversity and inclusionin the communityleadership teammedia contactsour historyottawa police service boardottawa police service galaprojects and publicationssections and units










how can we help?


search









news and updates
view all news and updates



loading news feed...







file a report
do not use this system if you are operating a vehicle or wish to report information anonymously.record and background check
start your online records check now!collision reporting
if there are injuries, call 911 immediately.community safety data portal
the community safety data portal is designed to provide an overview of police activity to the community and encourage community engagement by providing transparent and easily accessible information that is of interest to ottawa residents. careers - sworn & civilian
we encourage you to look at the opportunities available on this website to see what may suit you.contact us
call 911 for crimes in progress and life-threatening emergencies.




2025 draft budget focused on service enhancements, increased staffing and district policing modelunsolved





community safety data portal
the community safety data portal is designed to provide an overview of police activity to the community and encourage community engagement by providing transparent and easily accessible information that is of interest to ottawa residents. 
explore the community safety data portal 
 



contact the ottawa police service
for emergencies, please dial 9-1-1
for non-emergency calls or for general information, do not dial 9-1-1. use the appropriate number below
telephone: 613-236-1222 (non-emergency)
tty: 613-232-1123 
service for the deaf, deafened and hard of hearing.
view more information
report online














stay connected with the ottawa police service
sign up for e-news, events and alerts





















ottawa police service
p.o. box 9634 station t, ottawa, on k1g 6h5
phone: 613-236-1222 (non-emergency) tty: 613-232-1123 service for the deaf, deafened and hard of hearing.





resources

accessibilitycontact usprivacy policysitemapwebsite feedback






stay connected





twitter






facebook






instagram






youtube






linkedin










© 2025 ottawa police service

by ghd digital
































browser compatibility notification



it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.








