






retrotherm | sonaspray, sonakrete, and k-13 insulation














































menuhomeproductssonakretesonasprayk-13 closetech datasonakretedrywall finishing specsleed rating documentsonakrete leedacoustic chartsurface prepsonakrete submittalvoc testingsonakrete msdssonakrete specsno asbestossherwin-williams problock closesonasprayadhesive msdsindustry specificationscustom sonaspray/durak specssonaspray submittaldrywall specificationspsi light reflectancecustom sonaspray specsleed rating document closek-13adhesive msdscustom k-13 specsk-13 acoustic chartfactory mutual fire testk-13 materials msdsk-13 submittal“r” you getting what you “r” paying forunderwriters labs testunderwriters labs certificatek-13 sweets catalogue closemsdsisoprimeprotek 13sk 2000 additivesk 2000 adhesivesk 2000 fc adhesivesk 600 adhesivesk fc adhesivesonaprepsonaspray fc k-13uk 100 adhesiveure k close closecontact







our materials are derived from 80% post-consumer recycled contentlearn more!70% noise reduction.
unbeatable aesthetics.
unlimited possibilities.learn more!learn more!form - function - aesthetics
noise reduction for
large spaceslearn more!relied on for over 30 years
applied up to 5-inches thick
on virtually any substrate




who is retrotherm?formed in 1983, retrotherm provides spray applied cellulose treatments to solve the thermal and acoustical needs of new and existing construction. with over 50 million square feet applied to date, retrotherm has become the world's leading applicator of spray applied cellulose. through stringent quality control and customer service, retrotherm consistently outperforms the competition without sacrificing quality and commitment to the customer. all projects are personally supervised and performed, assuring the customer of instant resolution to questions, concerns, changes in scope of work, and possible problems. over the years, this involvement and dedication to our customers has become one of the most important aspects of our success.
 
sonakreteproviding noise reduction of up to 75%, sonakrete is an ultra premium, high performance, class 1 fire rated acoustical plaster like finish system.
highlightsexceptional acoustical performancesmooth attractive finishrecycled fibers - leed pointsclass i fire ratingdurable & paintablecost-effective alternative to plaster finishesavailable in your custom colormore info
sonaspray "fc"designed for large coverage areas with aesthetics and durability in mind, sonaspray is a class i fire rated noise reduction material well-suited for all types of ceiling decks.
highlightscontrols noise in large spacepleasing and durable finishrecycled fibers - leed pointsclass i fire ratingreplaces unattractive sound panelspassive in appearanceavailable in your custom colormore info
k-13relied on for over 30 years, k-13 is a spray-applied insulation product tailored to your specific project requirements for insulation (r- value) and noise reduction (nrc).
highlightsinsulation and noise reduction in onecan be installed up to 5 inches thickclass i fire ratingexposed finish - no additional finishes requireddurable, seamless insulationimpressive bond strengthrated as a thermal barriermore infoleadingapplicator
with over 50 million square feet applied to date, and holding the world record in production rates, retrotherm has experienced every insulating and noise reduction challenge.
0 million +sq. ft. applied







            1-800-905-3730          
home
products
tech data
contact




 
 












