


cam sigler




	untitled 1













home
rods
reels
flies
lines & backing
leaders
accessories

fish stories
tackle tips
photo galleries
history
contact








bluewater products
back open for business!
please check out changes/revisions to selections of products currently available


mega marlin fly

mega marlin fly - visit our flies page for details
 




bill boyce field testing in guatemala
we at the cam sigler company want to make sure you get exactly the 
		right products and information to make your fishing trips more 
		successful. please feel free to contact us by phone or e-mail with any 
		questions you might have. we're happy to share our knowledge and offer 
		suggestions about what might improve your trip.
for example: tandem flies may work better at a given destination or 
		time then a single rigged fly. maybe you are not interested in igfa 
		records and want to fish a longer shock for a higher catch rate. we have 
		that info and are glad to share it with you to make sure you order the 
		correct product from us.
cam sigler co.
cam sigler company develops and markets the highest quality fishing 
		gear, mainly fly-fishing for big game fish. our products are available 
		at many fine retailers. if you're having a problem locating some of our 
		products, you can contact us directly and we will be glad to help you 
		out.
field tested - fish proven
one of the qualities that sets our company apart from the competition 
		is we develop our gear based on our fishing experiences and what we know 
		we need to have great fishing trips. we also listen to comments we get 
		from other active fishermen like you, who tell us what is wrong with the 
		gear they are currently using and what they'd like better. and of 
		course, we fish with our gear. a lot. that's why we're in this business. 
		we know exactly how well it works and we can tell you, it works superbly 
		or it doesn't say cam sigler.
contact us
please go to our contacts page for information on how to contact us.
thank you!







copyright 2011 cam sigler




