







mini & standard labradoodles for sale | gleneden virginia labradoodles













































































































              gleneden
            

            available puppies
          

            cavadoodle puppies
          

            upcoming litters
          

            parents
          

            about us
          

              faqs
            

            testimonials
          

            contact
          

            mini labradoodle
          

            medium labradoodle
          

            standard labradoodle
          

            therapy/service dogs
          



            abstract (white markings) labradoodle
          

            blonde labradoodle
          

            chocolate and white parti labradoodle
          

            apricot labradoodle
          

            chocolate labradoodles
          

            chocolate merle labradoodle
          

            black labradoodle
          

            blue merle labradoodle
          

            red labradoodle
          
















































glenedenavailable puppiescavadoodle puppiesupcoming littersparentsabout usfaqstestimonialscontactmini labradoodlemedium labradoodlestandard labradoodletherapy/service dogs











abstract (white markings) labradoodleblonde labradoodlechocolate and white parti labradoodleapricot labradoodlechocolate labradoodleschocolate merle labradoodleblack labradoodleblue merle labradoodlered labradoodle









scroll


















loving labradoodle puppies.






    submit a puppy application
  



gleneden labradoodles:  a tradition of excellenceat gleneden labradoodles, we are devoted to raising beautiful, healthy, and affectionate labradoodle puppies and making them available to responsible dog lovers. we have been raising exceptional puppies, in a loving family environment, since 1998.  gleneden doodles are well-socialized before going to their forever home. we place puppies one at a time, taking into consideration the suitability of the prospective home. our breeding dogs are ofa certified and embark tested to ensure the excellent health and temperament gleneden labradoodles is known for. 














chocolate







blonde







apricot







personalitywhat people love most about gleneden labradoodles is their wonderful, family-friendly disposition. labradoodles are social, active, and intelligent dogs. along with adorable looks, our clients describe their labradoodles as wonderful companions who are smart, loving, healthy, and joyful. view our pet parents’ testimonials to see and hear more first-hand experiences.  



size labradoodles typically weigh between 20 to 70 pounds at maturity. there are a host of factors, including diet and exercise, that can influence growth and development, so we cannot forecast nor guarantee adult sizes.mini labradoodles are 20-35 pounds.medium labradoodles are 35-45 pounds.standard labradoodles are 50 and up.









abstract (white markings)







chocolate and white parti







chocolate merle







puppiesour labradoodle puppies are weaned from their mother by eight weeks of age, at which time they are ready to go to their forever home. both male and female labradoodles have similar family-friendly temperaments. neither sex is harder to house-train than the other, and both are equally intelligent and affectionate.  labradoodles are often an excellent breed for allergy sufferers. if you are concerned about dog allergies, we can provide you the opportunity to come to gleneden to test your allergies around our puppies. 



 colorgleneden labradoodle puppies can come in cream, blonde, black, cafe au lait, chocolate, apricot, red, parti and merle. we always do our best to help fulfill the color wishes of our customers however, nature also plays a role in the color of our puppies.  









black







blue merle







red








    submit a puppy application
  



looking for a goldendoodle? we invite you to visit gleneden goldendoodles, which is owned by becky and bill hahn, son of judy hahn 












gleneden puppies



adoption and health



main image










email : hello@labradoodles.com





hello@labradoodles.com


hours




 









