




irishtune.info irish traditional music tune index














tune searchsign in or join  to see your:     home   playlists   practice machine   stats   friends   albums   preferences   sign out

irishtune.info
irish traditional music tune index.  alan ng's tunography

tune search and finder start here if you have a tune title.
album search and finder start here if you know what album the tune is on.
or find recordings by musician or instrument.

sign in or join my.irishtune.info

frequently asked questions


this index identifies all distinct irish tunes based on musical comparison of all tunes across 1,008 albums and 67 tune books.
  
kind words about irishtune.info
support this site
  


reports, charts, graphs

top session tunes
top 20 session choose tune typeairsbarn dancesflingshighlandshornpipesdouble jigsslip jigsmarchesmazurkaspiecespolkasreelsschottischesset dancessingle jigssingle reelsslidessongsstrathspeyswaltzes
top 100 tunes: the 100 most-recorded tunes.
top ten choose tune typeairsbarn dancesflingshighlandshornpipesdouble jigsslip jigsmarchesmazurkaspiecespolkasreelsschottischesset dancessingle jigssingle reelsslidessongsstrathspeyswaltzes (most recorded)
top ten tunes of the choose decade1920s1930s1940s1950s1960s1970s1980s1990s2000s2010s
discography: which albums are in this index?
best session-tune albums: albums offering the most session tunes.
most-popular albums: which albums are most widely owned?
favorite albums: subjective chart of my favorite cds.
bibliography: which tunebooks are in this index?
best session tunebooks: books offering the most session tunes.
untitled / gan ainm tunes in books
rhythm distribution: among all musically distinct tunes.
rhythm distribution in session tunes: among session tunes.
rhythm distribution in recordings (all): in the indexed recordings.
rhythm distribution in recordings (in fully irish albums): in albums.
rhythm history: a graph of changes in tune-type distribution in recordings over the past decades.
recordings per year and per decade: graphs of the historical distribution of my recorded tune sources.
structure of reels: a chart of the varieties of lengths and structures of reels.


top tune lists

top 10 airs
top 10 barn dances
top 10 flings
top 10 highlands
top 10 hornpipes
top 10 double jigs
top 10 slip jigs
top 10 marches
top 10 mazurkas
top 10 pieces
top 10 polkas
top 10 reel
top 10 schottisches
top 10 single jigs
top 10 single reels
top 10 slides
top 10 songs
top 10 strathspeys
top 10 waltzes
top tunes of the 1920s
top tunes of the 1930s
top tunes of the 1940s
top tunes of the 1950s
top tunes of the 1960s
top tunes of the 1970s
top tunes of the 1980s
top tunes of the 1990s
top tunes of the 2000s
top tunes of the 2010s
top 20 session airs
top 20 session barn dances
top 20 session flings
top 20 session highlands
top 20 session hornpipes
top 20 session double jigs
top 20 session slip jigs
top 20 session marches
top 20 session mazurkas
top 20 session pieces
top 20 session polkas
top 20 session reel
top 20 session schottisches
top 20 session single jigs
top 20 session single reels
top 20 session slides
top 20 session songs
top 20 session strathspeys
top 20 session waltzes



publications
irishtune.info publications presents significant work by various individuals.
see also my tips for learning irish traditional music.


how is this index useful?
this non-profit site aims to be especially useful for both experienced and novice players of traditional irish music as well as for musicologists. it appears to be unique in the world for its accurate identification of recorded sources of irish traditional music. at this point in time, the site offers you at least the following uses:

locate commercial recordings of a tune, given any one of its titles.
locate transcriptions of a tune in a book, given any one of its titles.
discover whether the tune you are listening to or looking at is known under other titles.
find out whether multiple tunes recorded or printed under a given title are actually the same tune or not.
identify unnamed tunes on a recording. every tune indexed here can be found even if you only know the track title, such as "sliabh luachra polkas" or "light jigs." just use the tune search and finder page to search for the track title.
identify printed tunes that have no title or are only identified as "gan ainm" in a book: untitled / gan ainm tunes in books.
view a more accurate table of contents of your recordings. i have discovered that a significant fraction of commercial albums have inexcusable errors in labeling their tracks and tunes, especially due to non-musicians being responsible for preparing the albums and their later reissues.
select useful albums and books to purchase. you can use either the album search and finder or the reports of best session-tune albums and best session tunebooks.
learn the background history of a tune.
prepare written documentation of a tune's history of appearances on commercial recordings, such as when writing liner notes for an album.
find out if there is a known composer for a tune.
study the typical repertoire of an irish traditional musician.
build custom-fit tune sets for set dancing, by using the bar counts given for most of the dance tunes.
build tune sets based on key changes, by using the mode identifications given for most tunes.
track your personal repertoire and that of your friends.
improve your playing.


for more frequently asked questions go to the faq page.
note that "traditional irish music" is another order of words to use in web searches.


your privacy rights.
© 2000–2025 alan ng. this site and its underlying database was created and is maintained for the benefit of the world's community of irish traditional musicians by alan ng, sorry, you need javascript on to email me.
. in return i only ask that you cite your source when you use information from this site. you can also easily provide direct support to this non-profit project. this front page was last changed in some way on 18 january, 2025. the underlying tunography is updated constantly.
questions? comments? please use the easy feedback form. thank you!





