


voicewave, phonetree, dialogic cards, emergency notification





















  
 
   
  


 














  










 
                      dialogic cards ® 






click
                                  for

                        dialogic

cards ®




talking 
                technology
                international, inc.
tti's 
                products are available in kit form and ready-to-go turnkey packages. our products are full featured and cost effective
                 and  quickly pay for themselves. with over half a million ports installed in more than 100 countries our
                computer telephony systems manage billions of calls each year. 
lead 
                generation
with auto dialer lead generation systems from talking
                technology it is possible to rapidly contact thousands of members, customers
                and potential customers on a regular basis. our  systems
                are used regularly by  churches,
                schools, athletic groups, scouts, doctor's offices, hospitals and medical centers and  government agencies.  
                powervoice and phonetree systems free up employees and volunteers,
                allowing them to become more productive while our equipment handles repetitive functions. 
talking technology also provides high quality telemarketing 
                leads to target customers. our data is 
                sorted by state/province, area code and zip/postal code.
custom autodialer scripts
talking technology writes custom autodialer scripts. we confer with you to ascertain your needs and come up with a professionally written script that will generate responses. 
computer 
                telephony
 talking technology's dialogic ® computer telephony
                 products interface with standard analog telephone lines, hybrid
                 key systems, private branch exchanges (pbxs), t1 and voip lines. we
                 offer competitive prices on:
dialogic  
                telephony cards ® 

 our line of analog and digital boards,                ctbus cables and as well as the popular multiple-port
                dialogic d/4pciuf, d/4pciufw, d/4pciufeq cards.
 










"specialists 
        in international sales and support" 







questions 

sales 
          quote 




 company 
          | products|  support |  legal


 -- email: sales@tti.net 
            -- phone: (510) 339-8275 --
-- copyright © 2019
            by talking technology international, inc.   all rights reserved
        --
          
        -- the dialogic ® name is a registered trademark of dialogic corporation and is used by permission --
donut











