




norcal collie rescue


























norcal collie rescuenorcal collie rescue is a nonprofit corporation* founded by collie lovers who are dedicated to taking responsibility for collies at risk in northern california.  collies come to rescue from many sources, including animal shelters, death of the primary caretaker, people whose health has changed, breeders, divorce and many other circumstances.our volunteers take in and rehome collies in california, north of the tehachapis. if you are in southern california, please contact southland collie rescue. ncr will not ship collies or place them out of state, but we do collaborate with collie rescues adjacent to our area of coverage.please note - norcal collie rescue does not place border collies.  they are a different breed from a rough or smooth coat collie.  please contact norcal border collie rescue or border collie rescue of northern california to adopt or rehome a border collie.please visit our about ncr page to learn more about our organization.

other collie organizations helping rescued collies in california:












a non-profit 501(c)(3) organizationserving northern californiaand surrounding areas



























































if possible, would you consider donating a small amount more to cover paypal's service fee?



* norcal collie rescue is california non-profit public benefit 501(c)(3) corporation c2798651 ein 20-3381549.    your donations are fully tax deductible.

website developed and maintained bywebsite to the rescue




get a free quote, and we get a donation!

how to donate: send your donations directly to ncr:norcal collie rescue274 redwood shores pkwy. #210redwood city, ca. 94065make checks payable to norcal collie rescue thank you!!donate through paypalnorcal collie rescue offers you the convenience of donating through your credit card. you will receive a tax donation receipt once your billing comes through to us from paypal.













volunteers needed

click here to learn more



if possible, would you consider donating a small amount more to cover paypal's service fee?








on august 14, 2024 ncr received the sad news that our very 
own kathleen smith had lost her long battle with cancer. she 
was a treasured, hard-working volunteer for norcal collie 
rescue for many years, which included fostering dogs and 
holding the position of area coordinator for santa cruz county. 
she was also a multiple-dog adopter herself. in addition to 
donating her time for ncr, she worked with other dog rescues 
and raised awareness for the disease that eventually took her 
life.

click here for her obituary

she was far too young and she will be missed by all who knew 
her.

picture is with cassidy & sundance











tribute to kathleen smithjune 18, 1962 to august 14, 2024

collie fun day 2024

collie fun day, on september 28, was once again a huge success! this is an event that our ncr family looks forward to every year. unfortunately, we missed the last few years due to covid, so we were especially excited for this year's extravaganza. many kudos to lisa mckenna and her event committee in pulling this off!   and, of course, our profound appreciation to lauren and dirk caudill for once again hosting this event at their lovely home.in attendance were over 100 people and almost 70 dogs (all collies except for a few shelties) throughout the day. the amazing thing about collies is that they all seem to recognize each other and get along! while the best part of the day was watching all the happy collies romping freely on this beautiful estate and getting caught up with friends, there were also collie games and relay races and lots of great stuff to buy. (all collie-related of course!) our silent auction was hugely popular, with almost every item sold at over starting price. most of these items were donated or crafted by our volunteers and patrons and this served as an excellent fund-raiser for our rescue. our refreshment stand with sandwiches, snacks, and even some home-made lemonade was a hit with the people. and the dog treats were greatly appreciated as well by the canine component! 





to top off the day, every family went home with a custom-labeled bottle of red wine, donated by barbie liebeck, owner of shangra la de da winery and a discount coupon for pet food express. 

we took a lot of photos and videos. go to this link to view them and download as you'd like:https://photos.google.commore photos and videos are still coming in as we've asked everyone who attended to upload theirs as well. if you were at the event and haven't yet uploaded your photos and videos, please go ahead. 



























here's just a few of the photos:

click here for more photos

ncr would like to take the opportunity to make the ncr family and friends aware of the collie rescue foundation (crf).  crf came into existence in 2005 due to a large seizure of dogs from a collie hoarder.  local collie groups did not have the financial means to help all of the dogs that needed medical attention and so crf was founded.  crf has helped many collie groups across america since then, including ncr, for which we and the collies are forever grateful.  crf is funded by membership and donations.  an annual membership is as little as $25.  to become a member or donate:  https://collierescuefoundation.org/product/memorial-tribute-donation/the following article about crf appeared in the collie club of america fall bulletin 2024:crf-helping save the innocent.pdf


