
isuzuperformance







isuzuperformance has become distinguished as the world's top 
manufacturer and supplier of performance parts for isuzu, geo storm, 
asuna sunfire, and lotus elan m100 cars, and we now bring that excellence 
to owners of all makes and models of cars, but we still offer nothing for trucks or suvs.

click here to enter 
isuzuperformance extensive online catalog of products for isuzu, geo storm, asuna 
sunfire, and lotus elan m100 cars


click here to enter the 
isupage; isuzu automotive performance tuning page; comprehensive source of 
information on tuning, hotrodding, modifying, and customizing isuzu automobiles.


click here to enter the 
iperformance online catalog of products for domestic small cars - - cavalier and sunfire - -


automatic torque biasing differentials
click here 
to enter the tracmax website.

order
form

placing an order is quite easy.  simply print up a copy of the 
order form
page, 
and mail it along with payment for the products you wish to purchase to:

isuzuperformance
8400 craighill dr.
st. louis, mo 63123
usa

we accept checks and money orders.  make checks or money orders payable 
to bill's inc., isuzuperformance, or quaife usa.
orders paid by money orders process most quickly and require no time to clear.  checks 
can take up to 14 days to clear and orders paid by check can not be processed 
until the check clears.
concerning checks and money orders written from canadian and overseas banks:  
please make absolutely sure that they are made payable in us dollars.  all checks 
and money orders must be drawn from a bank with offices in the us.  we can not 
accept checks drawn from banks that do not have us offices.  checks and money orders 
must have routing numbers so that they can be processed through the us office of 
the bank.  there is a $25.00 collection fee for each check and money order that 
are drawn from banks which do not have us offices or that do not have routing 
numbers to allow for processing through us offices.

we do not accept credit cards.  
credit card companies charge retailers 5% of each purchase to pay for the 
use of that card, in addition to the fact that they do not make 
payments with each card use, but rather in large lump sums.  if isuzuperformance
were to accept credit cards, we would have to raise our prices 
significantly, and this would adversly affect your dollar's purchasing 
power.
never send cash through the mail.
make orders payable only in us funds.  for current exchange rates, 
check yahoo finance currency 
exchange and kurt's 
currency exchange
orders can not be cancelled.
it would be a good idea if you would email us to let us know that
you are sending in and order to let us know what items we should be ready 
to ship for you.  we will email you if there is any problem with filling 
your order.
in order to keep prices down, in most cases, we order the product from 
the manufacturer or distributor after we recieve your order.  this 
way, we do not have money tied up in costly inventory and the storage of 
that inventory, and we can pass those savings on to you.



isuzuperformance
8400 craighill dr.
st. louis, mo  63123
usa

bills@isuzuperformance.com
please check our faq page.
please check our ebay faq page for ebay related 
questions.

hours: monday-friday 10 am-5 pm central time




isuzuperformance sponsors
the isuzuweb
the international organization of isuzu car enthusiasts



isuzuperformance supports
the isupage

disclaimer


prices subject to change without notice.
products may only be returned if the item is found to have a 
manufacturer's defect.  no returns will be made for any other 
reason.  no returns without prior authorization by bill's.  
returned merchandise must be unused, unaltered, undamaged, and unmodified, in the 
exact condition as it arrived to the customer and in the original packaging.
the purchaser is solely responsible to verify that the part that 
they order will in fact fit and function on the vehicle that they 
purchase the product for.
any returned product must be unused, in it's original 
packaging, accompanied by all enclosed warranty paperwork, and shipping 
must be prepaid.  returned product will be repaired or replaced at the discretion of 
isuzuperformanceor may receive store credit only at the discretion of bill's, no refunds.
no packages shipped "postage due" or "cod" will be accepted for any reason.
damage in shipment is not the responsibility of isuzuperformance and in such 
cases, the customer should contact the shipper immediately and file a 
damage claim.
isuzuperformance expresses no warranty beyond the warranty extended by the product 
manufacturer and no isuzuperformance employee or spokesperson has the right to extend or 
imply any warranty upon any products.
all liability is limited to the part and isuzuperformance  is not responsible for any labor costs, 
installation or removal costs, any related parts or any other parts damaged by the part 
in question, or any other costs, damages, or expenses.  repair or replacement is at the 
discretion of isuzuperformance and only after the part in question has been returned freight prepaid 
for inspection and only if inspection finds that the problem is with the product and not 
caused by abuse of the product, improper installation, damage by the shipping agent, or 
any other reason.
bill's, it's owner, it's employees, etc. have no affiliation or 
endorsement by or with isuzu, chevrolet, geo, lotus, or any other auto 
maker.  the use of the aforementioned names and their associated emblems is 
purely for informational and identificational purposes. 

the use of some of the above listed products may affect the warranty 
status of your vehicle or the vehicles emissions.  the purchaser is solely 
responsible for consulting their owners manual and the manufacturer of 
their vehicle and the local and state authorities to check on these 
concerns.
some items sold by isuzuperformance are for use only on show or race vehicles which are 
never to be used on public roads or highways.
bill's, it's owner, it's employees, etc. is not responsible for any 
possible injury or damage caused by the use of the above listed 
products.  the purchaser assumes sole responsibility for this.  anyone 
who is not mechanically inclined is strongly urged to seek a professional 
to install the products which they purchase.  isuzuperformance does not offer 
installation services, but we are happy to answer any questions, though 
the purchaser assumes sole responsibility for their own actions based on 
those answers.



isuzuperformance is a wholely owned subsidiary of bill's inc.
bill's, it's owner, and it's employees have no affiliation to
isuzu motors america, inc. or isuzu motors, ltd., japan, chevrolet,
general motors, usa, geo, asuna, opel or lotus.
no affiliation or connection with, or sponsorship or approval by, isuzu 
motors, general motors, chevrolet, geo, asuna, opel, lotus, or any other 
automaker is intended or implied. 
the word "isuzu" is used purely to identify and describe the topic of
discussion, which is automobiles manufactured by isuzu motors, ltd.,
japan.
the words "chevrolet", "geo", "asuna", "opel" and "lotus" are used
purely to identify the topic of
discussion, which is automobiles manufactured by isuzu motors, ltd.,
japan, for resale by chevrolet, geo, and asuna.
the words "impulse", "piazza", "storm", "sunfire", "i-mark", "spectrum",
"gemini", "stylus", "elan m100", "117 coupe", "aska", "bellett",
"bellel", "kadett", "trooper", "rodeo", "amigo", "jackaroo", "asso di
fiori", and "ace of clubs". are used purely to identify the respective
topics of discussion, the model of automobile which the context refers
to.
the word "isuzuperformance" is a registered trademark of bill's.
all art work and logos used on the isuzuperformance internet catalog website and 
all related web pages
which are the property of bill's  inc. are 100% original works of
art, created by the owner of isuzuperformance, specifically for use on  the isuzuperformance 
internet catalog website, 
and are copyrighted.  any similarity to any pre-existing logos is
purely coincidental, and is in no way construes any affiliation with any
organization or company which uses a similar image as their symbol.
any attempt by any company or organization to censor or limit the
content of isuzuperformance or the views expressed there in, will be met with
extreme opposition.  those taking such action should strongly consider
the service provided by the isuzuperformance in popularizing isuzu, chevrolet,
geo, opel, asuna, and lotus products, and increasing the inherent resale
value of those products by aiding the owners of those products in keeping
their automobiles running in good working order and in aiding
those owners in performance tuning and customizing those automobiles to
enhance their enjoyment of those vehicles, the publics' perception of
those vehicles, and the overall popularity of those vehicles.  by
supressing the bill's, any group that would seek to limit or censor the
isupage would be directly damaging the reputation of isuzu, chevrolet,
geo, opel, asuna, and lotus, and damaging the public perception and
popularity of those companys' products.
isuzuperformance reserves the right to publish, in part or whole, all 
correspondences, legal or otherwise, concerning the content of any part 
of or all of the isuzuperformance. there will be no exceptions. by 
contacting the owner or employees of the bill's, the correspondor forfiets 
any right to prevent the correspondee from publishing that correspondence.







© 1997-2016 isuzuperformance.com.  all rights reserved.



