



software qa and testing resource center













softwareqatest.com

      © 1996-2024 by rick hower



home/toc
faq 1
faq 2
lfaq
resources
bugs list
about







software qa and testing resource center - table of contents

faq1 - 
software qa and testing frequently-asked-questions part 1


what is 'software quality assurance'?
what is 'software testing'?
what are some recent major computer system failures caused by software bugs?
does every software project need testers?
why does software have bugs?
how can new software qa processes be introduced in an existing organization?
what is verification? validation?
what is a 'walkthrough'?
what's an 'inspection'?
what kinds of testing should be considered?
what are 5 common problems in the software development process?
what are 5 common solutions to software development problems?
what is software 'quality'?
what is 'good code'?
what is 'good design'?
what is sei? cmm? cmmi? iso? will it help?
what is the 'software life cycle'?





faq2 - 
software qa and testing frequently-asked-questions part 2


what makes a good software test engineer?
what makes a good software qa engineer?
what makes a good qa or test manager?
what's the role of documentation in qa?
what's the big deal about 'requirements'?
what steps are needed to develop and run software tests?
what's a  'test plan'?
what's a 'test case'?
what should be done after a bug is found?
what is 'configuration management'?
what if the software is so buggy it can't really be tested at all?
how can it be known when to stop testing?
what if there isn't enough time for thorough testing?
what if the project isn't big enough to justify extensive testing?
how do distributed multi-tier environments affect testing?
how should web sites be tested?
how is testing affected by object-oriented designs?
what is agile software development and how does it impact testing?




lfaq - 
software qa and testing less-frequently-asked-questions


why is it sometimes hard for organizations to get serious about quality assurance? 
who is responsible for risk management? 
who should decide when software is ready to be released? 
what can be done if requirements are changing continuously? 
what if the application has functionality that wasn't in the requirements?
how can qa processes be implemented without reducing productivity?
what if an organization is growing so fast that fixed qa processes are impossible?
will automated testing tools make testing easier? 
what's the best way to choose a test automation tool?
how can it be determined if a test environment is appropriate?
what's the best approach to software test estimation?




resources - 
other software qa and testing resources


top resources
software qa and testing-related organizations/certifications/conferences
links to qa and testing-related magazines/publications
general software qa and testing resources
agile testing resources 
test automation resources 
mobile testing resources 
web qa and testing resources
web security testing resources
web usability resources




bugs list - 
a listing of more than 190 major computer system failures caused by software bugs. 







home/toc
faq 1
faq 2
lfaq
resources
bugs list
about






about 

the software qa and testing resource center and its author


information about the author's consulting services

 
send any comments/suggestions/ideas regarding this web site to: 
rickhower@earthlink.net


© 1996-2024 by rick hower
        
last revised: june 30, 2024




