





virginia beach truck lift kits located in norfolk - eastern truck & accessories
 














































 









skip to content
 







757.461.2600



6320 e. virginia beach blvd norfolk, va 23502
















												service you can count on
											



757.461.2600























home
about

the shop
the staff


products

suspension
wheels
tires
performance
lighting
axle drivetrain
recovery tow
exterior accessories
interior accessories
jeep accessories
misc accessories
road hazard warranty program


photo gallery

chevrolet
dodge
ford
jeep
nissan
toyota
shop trucks
other vehicles
offroad adventures
events
shop & showroom
video gallery


get it done

get a quote
schedule an appointment


join our team

job openings


events
testimonials
contact us






 








 
084img_2380img_3135img_2918551035 



 





 







our services
we provide products and services including lift kits, suspension work and accessories for your vehicle.
learn more




  







get a quote
fill out our easy online form to get a quote today!
get pricing




  







monthly specials
treat your car right by taking advantage of our monthly specials!
see specials




  







our location
we serve all of hampton roads from our convenient norfolk location.
get directions




 










    
lift kits for any jeep, truck, or suv!
 
the premiere offroad & accessory store!
serving hampton roads and beyond since 2002
for reliable, friendly service that you can trust, come visit eastern truck & accessories in norfolk, virginia. we are your one-stop shop for truck and off-road accessories.
our showroom offers you the unique opportunity to visualize our products on your vehicle. we also align your vehicle, guaranteeing that it drives straight and smooth. to speak with a member of our experienced team of professional truck servicemen, call eastern truck & accessories at (757) 461-2600.

our list of services and products includes:

suspension
wheels
tires
performance
lighting
axle/drivetrain
recovery/tow
exterior access.
interior access.
jeep access.
misc. acess.

partner with our enthusiastic professionals
when you bring your truck in for service, put it in the hands of professionals who are specially trained to work on your particular vehicle. our team members are all extensively trained and experianced in providing you with a fully customized vehicle. make your new truck your own! upgrade with suspension, wheels and tires. protect with floor mats, rock sliders and more. we can help you find products that best fit your individual interests and needs.
transform your truck to match your unique vision
eastern truck & accessories provides high performing, innovative additions for your personalized truck. our professional and knowledgable sales staff evaluate your vision and turn it into reality. whether you want a suspension lift installed, personalized lighting or exhaust upgrades. we can provide you with the trustworthy service you need. don’t entrust just any repair shop with the care and keeping of your truck! our technicians specialize in trucks! honing our skills so that we can help you turn your vehicle into one you will love to drive. take pride in your truck! make it one of a kind with eastern truck and accessories.
call our shop today at (757) 461-2600 to learn more or to request a free price estimate!











how may we help you?


first namelast nameemail*

phone*message*5 + 3 =*captcha

 











 











                                    why choose eta?                                


family owned & operatedfree estimatesstate of the art equipmentlifetime free re-tighten 






















home
about
products
photo gallery
get it done
events
testimonials
services
video center
contact us
specials
blog
job openings
 





eastern truck & accessories 
located at 6320 e. virginia beach blvd 
norfolk, va 23502
view map 








call today 
757.461.2600







keep in touch


















							© 2018 all rights reserved.						

privacy policy
site map
accessibility statement
 











 


























