















chapmanrichards.com - salt lake city real estate    

























properties ▾

featured properties


home search
home valuation






our agents






























utah real estate for sale





find a home
sell with us



















  















buy with us





sell with us





our site is mobile





our agents












listings currently available!













who we are




the best way to buy and sell in salt lake city and its surrounding communities.


our team is dedicated to putting our experience and local knowledge to work for you in all steps of your real estate transaction, from start to finish. find out why chapman-richards and associates is one of the most respected companies for buying and selling along the wasatch front.we deliver the very best service, because you deserve no less.
 
 










our testimonials
see why our clients love working with us.


<
>










featured properties


previous
	   |
	  next






view all listings here!

















neigborhoods



 bountiful homes for salebountiful62 listings cottonwood heights homes for salecottonwood heights31 listings draper homes for saledraper69 listings herriman homes for saleherriman200 listings holladay homes for saleholladay64 listings kearns homes for salekearns17 listings lehi homes for salelehi252 listings magna homes for salemagna89 listings midvale homes for salemidvale64 listings murray homes for salemurray91 listings park city homes for salepark city382 listings riverton homes for saleriverton167 listings salt lake city homes for salesalt lake city414 listings sandy homes for salesandy109 listings south jordan homes for salesouth jordan271 listings taylorsville homes for saletaylorsville49 listings west jordan homes for salewest jordan175 listings west valley city homes for salewest valley city99 listings











			blog
		












				receive new listings in your inbox
			

are you interested in buying a home?look no further than working with  real estate experts.





















verify: please enter numbers below into the white box below the numbers.

 
				





by registering you agree to our terms, privacy policy and the receipt of email and text messages from time to time.  to unsubscribe from email simply click the "unsubscribe" link on the bottom of any email sent.  to opt-out of text messages reply to any message with "stop".  data rates may apply.







			contact us
		


thank you for visiting our website.  we take great pride in offering superior service to our clients.  if you're in the market to buy or sell a home please give us a call, we'd be happy to discuss your needs and provide advice at no obligation to you.
our website provides you with access to all listings available on the mls system regardless of who the listing agent or brokerage may be.  listings are updated frequently throughout the day giving you the information you need, when you need it.
if you haven't registered on this site yet please take a minute and sign up.  we'll send you new listings and price changes so that you can stay ahead of the market.  and if you'd like to know what your home is worth, please click here.
please enjoy our website and let us know if you have any ideas for improving it.


contact us






open houses
presented by chapman-richards & associates
please visit our open house page to view the beautiful listings that we will be showcasing soon!





learn more about our military on the move program
























				get in touch
			



email






phone number










address





social media















site map
property search
new listings
price changes
favorites
home values
home loans
contact




			© proagentwebsites.com


terms & conditions
privacy policy
fair housing
dmca
accessibility










