new orleans restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in new orleans by diningguide
homeaboutcontactnew orleans restaurantsmobile versionadd your restaurant (free) suggest a restaurant dining search bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > new orleans home pagenew orleans restaurantsrestaurant posts“exquisite new orleans cuisine near the warehouse district”“a dynamic community gathering place, public service is a casual-yet-sophisticated restaur…”posted by: public service“the first name in oysters”“felix's restaurant & oyster bar serves fresh oyster and seafood dishes along the lakeshor…”posted by: felix's restaurant & oyster bar“new orleans first healthy hawaiian poke restaurant”“the first poke restaurant located in new orleans and even louisiana, poke loa is a locall…”posted by: poke loarestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“don't get the fried seafood plater!”ron, king george - “not much seafood on this platter, mostly fries (which were …”said about: bourbon house“real cajun food”member, rick vickers, miami - “in new orleans on vacation and wanted to get away …”said about: bayou delight restaurant“good food & prices”member, rick, miami - “only been reopened a few weeks. they have outside seating …”said about: bucktown burger & fish co.we welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)
welcome to metroguide.network's new orleans diningguide, 
a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan new orleans, louisiana.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find new orleans restaurants by location or cuisine.

new orleans restaurants -- renowned for "lagniappe" as a little something extra -- go out of their way to put the "bons" in bons temps -- french cajun for good times. crescent city culinary styles are every bit as distinct as big easy architecture and music. yet categorization can be elusive, with both acadian ("cajun") and creole frequently blending into a fusion of flavor defying comparison. cajun sustenance comes from the bayou country of southwest louisiana, whereas creole dishes are a cosmopolitan blend from africa, europe and the caribbean. louisiana cooking as a whole is dominated by multicultural overlap extending back 300 years, heavy on french persuasion from before and after the 1789 revolution. spicing up the historical mix are underlying influences from native americans, and more recently creeping into the melting pot are tastes of italy, germany, eastern europe and now asia. resulting is an entirely new dimension in taste sensation, especially for fresh catch from the wetlands and gulf of mexico. among myriad specialties, new orleans' creole signature dish is gumbo, made with shrimp, crabs, crawdads, or a mix of meat and sausage (often cajun andouille), where stock is thickened with native american file spice, okra and tomato. jambalaya, a spicy mix of seafood, sausage, spice and rice, is new orleans' version of spain's paella. sauce piquante is a tomato-based stew with turtle, rabbit, or alligator. entrees featuring crawdads are popular whether presented in high-end enclaves as crawfish etouffee, or in earthier quarters as mudbug stew. new orleans has a stellar line-up of icon restaurants and celebrity chefs. it was at the famed brennan's where flaming rum spooned over bananas and vanilla ice cream were first concocted to become bananas foster. when new orleans chef paul prudhomme transformed the long-time cajun favorite of blackened redfish into a world-wide craze (creating big easy supply / demand challenges), chefs everywhere took to blackening chicken, veal and just about everything they could stuff into a skillet. however varied the new orleans dining scene, no visit to the crescent city could be considered complete without a stop at the riverside café du monde, established in 1862 as a french market coffee stand and open 24/7, except for christmas and hurricanes. here chicory-flavored café au lait in serviceable mugs tastes all the richer when accompanied by those little square creole pastries called beignets, fried to crusty perfection and -- in true lagniappe style -- dusted like snow with powdered sugar.

diningguide new orleans is part of metroguide new orleans, offering guides to events, shopping, hotels, attractions and more for the entire region.

diningguide has additional southern louisiana restaurant information at diningguide baton rouge. 

new orleans dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan new orleans 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown new orleans
restaurants in the business district and downtown are generally located just to the west of the french quarter 

·new orleans
dining options in various areas throughout the city and surrounding metropolitan area 

·garden district
centered on st. charles street, this lovely district is located on the west end of downtown 

·new orleans airport
restaurants in cities near the airport: kenner, metairie and other nearby towns 

·french quarter
the world-famous french quarter, bordering the mississippi river, is home to classic new orleans restaurants and bars 

new orleans dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
americanamerican - casualasiancafecajunchinesecoffeecontinentalcreoledelicatessendinerfine diningfrenchfrench fine diningfusionhealthy - naturalinternationalitalianjapanesemediterraneannew worldpizzeriaseafoodsteak
to return to the diningguide new orleans home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at new orleans restaurantsalyssa edwards american drag performer… performance house of blueswed 4/30/25 eric bellinger r&b / soul music performance… music - soul / r & b house of bluessun 2/23/25 geoff tate's operation: mindcrime pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal house of bluestue 4/1/25 molchat doma pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal house of bluessat 1/25/25 phantogram alternative music performance… music - alternative rock house of bluesmon 1/27/25 the wrecks pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal house of bluesthu 5/22/25 « top of pageadjacent links:diningguide baton rougediningguide biloxi - gulfportrelated links:diningguide alexandriadiningguide lafayette, louisianadiningguide monroediningguide shreveportother links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide dallasdiningguide houstondiningguide jacksondiningguide tupelometroguide.network > diningguide > new orleans home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide new orleans are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionsmore locations...



new orleans restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritescobaltla carretacafe du mondep.f. changs china bistrolandry's seafood housejohnny trauth's seafood bistro7 on fultonmr. john's steakhouseolivier's creole restaurantcajun cabincopeland'sapplebee'sburger kingolive gardengumbo shop


