













hometown car wash



















































































 

                  car wash: (330)644-2140 pet care: (330)819-5242
                












deals & savings

monthly wash clubs
app savings
car wash deals


locations

akron/green

automatic car wash options
self service wash options


greentown
mogadore
uniontown


self service pet wash
fundraisers
gift cards
our story
 


search for:



 












 
hometown car wash monthly wash clubhometown-car-wash-akron-greentown-mogadore-hartville-ohioqcslide3qc-app-ban-qrqc-ban-2022qcslide4 



 











			akron/green		






			greentown		






			mogadore		






			uniontown		





								akron area’s premier car wash. monthly plans available. 





			learn more		








hometown car wash wants you as a long-term patron and our aim is to provide you a level of service that exceeds your expectations. if we succeed, please tell a friend or leave us an online review. if we fall short, please tell us and we will make it right!





			learn more		








we offer self-service pet wash
stations at our akron location.





			learn more		




hometown car wash is a local, family owned business that pays attention to every detail so you can have the cleanest car around! we have four well-lit, clean locations to serve you, and they are all within a 15-minute drive of one another. 
hometown car wash is the most versatile akron car wash with the choice of soft touch, touch free and self-serve wash options. in our touch free and self-serve bays, we offer the versatility of washing virtually any vehicle under 96 inches wide by 94 inches tall...even accessorized vehicles. with our 24/7/365 access, our touchless automatic wash and soft touch options are always available for your convenience. looking for a truly premium car wash experience for your standard manufacturer equipped vehicle? visit akron's premier car wash and its soft touch automatic wash bay where options like automatic wheel cleaning, armorall extreme shine wax, and rain-x are available. 
with our mobile app you'll have access to savings and bundle deals! bundle deals allow you to buy four (4) car washes and get one (1) free! you can purchase washes through the app and simply scan your phone as you drive up. also be sure to look in community magazine for coupons and other offers! 
our aim is to serve you beyond your expectations. if there is a feature or service you believe would be valuable to our customers, please contact us at any of our locations and let us know. hometown car wash prides itself on serving the southern summit county and northern stark county area. we live here and are proud to serve here.



						most versatile wash facility in akron						

 













mogadore hometown car wash
75 n cleveland ave
mogadore, oh 44260

uniontown hometown car wash
13090 cleveland ave nw
uniontown, oh 44685

greentown hometown car wash
10268 cleveland ave nw
uniontown, oh 44685

akron/green hometown/quick clean car & pet wash2500 mayfair rd
akron, ohio 44312-5408
car wash: (330) 805-5573
email:  hometowncw@gmail.com
 





                	copyright ©  hometown car wash                
powered by the imagination of | the propulsionfactory






deals & savings

monthly wash clubsapp savingscar wash deals back
locations

akron/green

automatic car wash optionsself service wash options back 
greentownmogadoreuniontown back
self service pet washfundraisersgift cardsour story

				× close panel			































