



north carolina law firm - ward and smith, p.a.


















 















skip to main content














our team

practice areas

careers

news + insights

locations


webinarsonline payment




 



 



pause video


halt the chain reaction
protect your business with our insurance guidance 





zoning + land use planning

community associations


professional licensing

personal injury + wrongful death


privacy and data security

name, image, and likeness

view all practice groups

jump to content


reliability, responsiveness, and teamwork are the standards that define ward and smith, p.a. our firm's core values and devotion to client satisfaction transcend preconceived notions of how a law firm works, and we are proud to demonstrate the expansive nature of how our attorneys implement these ideals. at ward and smith, your legal matters are handled with attentive intelligence by attorneys who work together efficiently and effectively across practice areas. dedication to the practice of law and commitment to each and every client is our collective mission. 
learn more about us 
find an attorney 

 the latest from ward and smith





attorneys clint cogburn and bill durr to present at asap business o…
read more  




build success: save the date for ward and smith’s 2025 constructi…





save the date: ward and smith executive breakfast on business succe…






avery locklear to participate in lcfhra's 2025 attorney panel





ecu health coo to headline february's greenville-pitt county chambe…



kind words
“amy wooten's wise counsel, confident demeanor, and strategic plan are all the elements that obtained our desired result.”
- sammy anderson

kind words
“allen and tyler are terrific. not only do they provide consistently informed advice but they make it their mission to get to know their clients. at our first meeting, they drove 4 hours simply to talk to us face to face. it's that personal touch that makes a difference and they are truly dedicated to their clients goals and objectives.”
- thomas cutler

kind words
“i can't speak highly enough about how confident i am when will oden is involved in our cases.  he has spent many days with me over the years to make sure i am comfortable with the facts and potential questions.”
- valerie beck, cih, csp | pcs phosphate

kind words
“i can't even tell you how much i appreciate lee and the calm and professional manner that he handles and resolves each challenge.  he is an asset to the firm and the legal profession!”
- paula corbett

kind words
“i have never worked with professionals more focused on our company and our employees' best interests.  their clear and detailed way of sharing their legal knowledge helps us make the right decisions.”
- steve hughes, landfall

kind words
“charles and lynwood did an exceptional job for my family.  i felt completely comfortable with their skills and opinions during a difficult time.  both were instrumental in helping us through it.”
- chris gauquie

kind words
“tyler and allen provided reliable, well-rounded commercial and regulatory counsel in the early innings of our company. they have their finger on the pulse of the industry, which enables them to provide business and legal advice, and make valuable introductions to service providers and potential business partners. ”
- oscar s. hackett, open book extracts president and ceo












subscribe to ward and smith



email address




















search: keywords



about us
contact us
review us

call us at 800.998.1102

online payment






 

we are your established legal network™
offices:asheville, beaufort, greenville, new bern, raleigh, and wilmington, north carolina
© 2025 ward and smith, p.a. all rights reserved. disclaimer | terms of use | privacy notice | accessibility
law firm web design by new media campaigns

 






