


god, religion, and the meaning of life





















  
				







 



 

forpersonalhelp.com   the meaning of life ad majorem dei gloriam a wide variety of life's toughest problems  are answered in the fourteen pages of our site. links and previews are below.    we offer personal, confidential and free email advice and help.  email me direct, from your own email, at editor@forpersonalhelp.com.   i know this isn't as easy as a pop-up form, but those are very unreliable in new browsers.  “whatsoever you do for the least of your brethren,” said christ, “you do for me.”  that is the whole key to our personal relationship with god, in his own words.  that is really everything. prayer  does it work? 
  

why does god ask us to pray?does he always answer our prayers?





 


  what is the meaning of life?it is our second chance...it is simply sharing our food and our blanket ...
the little-understood paradox is this: the only way we can be happy ourselves is... 







 is there a god?

 
no one can prove to you the existence of god, as in a mathematical proof. but you still will be able to be certain of his existence... 
por favor, oprima aquí para una versión en español de esta página. 




 



  interesting questions and answers
  what happened to all those who lived before christ... what if aliens are real?  are witches real?


 

 

being a christian
  

how do i know  if christianity is right?... the whole thing is a lot easier than you think.  you do not have to accept...






 



  why does god allow suffering?    why do bad things happen to good people?... i have suffered all my life...why can't we be like angels, and be happy all our lives...
una versión en español  


 



  why does god send his children to hell? 
  
this problem has troubled christians for two thousand years... the church has never said that any specific person is in hell, not even judas...


 


for the smaller church: free music

beautiful hymns and masses that play on your own  keyboard.  145 hymns and 3 masses, as midi files, free to any church.  professional quality.  easy approval from your local bishop.
 click here for full details.



 


 



  how can we cope with death?


  my beautiful daughter has died.  how can i go on? how can god permit this...



 



  is faith more important than good works?    faith is not something that we... we do not do good works because ...




 

 

  evolution, and other ideas of interest
  
we believe that the purpose of the bible is to...   was mankind created by a slow process of evolution, as fossils indicate...




 



the teachings of christ 

  
these are the actual words of christ... "feed the hungry. give drink to the thirsty... love your enemies, get rid of all anger..."                  
 




 

 

  a brief history of christianity
  
from the beginning, god had included freedom in creation's plan...



 

 

  our catholic faith
  
"why should i be catholic? can't i be a christian just by believing in the holy bible?" 
...for the first thousand years, there was only one church that ...        


  


 

 

  everyday living help
  
1. the problem of loneliness  
2. should new mothers go to work?
3. the best time to do anything  
  ...and many more topics.        


 


explanations of selected subjects



1.   conflicting opinions about what the bible means 

2.   original sin 



 

to bookmark our site, click on the button. 



  we also offer personal, confidential and free email advice and help.please write to us.   write to me direct, from your own email, at editor@forpersonalhelp.com.i know this isn't as easy as a pop-up form, but those are very unreliable in new browsers.
| cope with death | evolution and ideas | being a christian | why is there suffering? | who is in hell? | questions | faith | 
					 | return home | the meaning of life | is there a god? | prayer | teachings  of christ | our catholic faith | music | 
		

 



 





copyright © 2019, american life helping institute.
				all rights reserved.


