







tu-tor tricks - professional magicians event








































skip to content





 top bar






phone860-279-5210 
emailclarencewitte@trickstutorials.com 
address2969 hart street, east hartford
open hoursseptember 8-10






facebook
instagram
linkedin
 











phone860-279-5210 
emailclarencewitte@trickstutorials.com 
address2969 hart street, east hartford
open hoursseptember 8-10







facebook
instagram
linkedin
 











tu-tor tricks
professional magicians event





menu



home
about event
program

day 1
day 2
day 3


blog
contacts
 






search




search for:




















 




magician training 


this is a one-day practical course to continue the magic. there will be many exercises in misdirection, dramatic and deceptive structure. we will look at magic theories, apply them and…continue readingmagician training














why you should attend our event










a unique and incredible show

you will witness incredible tricks and illusions performed by talented artists with skill and elegance










amazing fun and relaxation

you can enjoy a spectacular show, share your impressions and emotions with other guests, and discuss what you’ve seen










interactive experience

you will have the opportunity to become an active participant in the show and interact with the magician














 




about event



we have many years of experience in organizing events for magicians in all forms; lectures, one-day workshops, week-long seminars, books, training films, online training and more. mostly for experienced performers,…continue readingabout event










event speakers






 


ollie edwards







 


justin barfield







 


mark heckman







 


melvin hall







 


richard leathers







 


sherri russ











reviews of previous events













 



janice curran 


i am simply delighted with the performance of the professional magicians at this event! their incredible tricks and stunts were simply breathtaking. i couldn’t take my eyes off the stage,…continue readingjanice curran








 



samuel robards 


at this event i was immersed in a wonderful world of illusions and tricks. the professional magicians demonstrated their art with such skill and elegance that i was simply left…continue readingsamuel robards








 



joanne poole 


the event was amazing! they created an amazing atmosphere and knew how to keep the tension in the hall. each of their tricks was stunning and unexpected. they also interacted…continue readingjoanne poole








 



russell voss 


the event was absolutely fantastic! the speakers were able to create a unique atmosphere of mystery and magic, which simply captured everyone present. their tricks were incredibly inventive and amazing.…continue readingrussell voss















event program








 



day 1 june 30, 2023

time: 16:00 – 20:00 opening of the event: gala show: break: session:illusion and image









 



day 2 june 30, 2023

time: 3:00 p.m. – 6:00 p.m. focus master classes: forum and discussion: evening show:









 



day 3 june 30, 2023june 30, 2023

time: 4:00 p.m. – 9:00 p.m. session: final show: award ceremony: closing of the event: in addition to the main program, during all three days of the event an exhibition…continue readingday 3






















 
blog 


famous magicians  

october 2, 2024october 2, 2024witte clarence 

there’s hardly anything more thrilling than witnessing a magic trick for the first time. your eyes can hardly believe it, and the excitement ripples through the audience. for centuries, magic…continue readingfamous magicians 












 
blog 


how do you become an illusionist? 

february 7, 2023june 30, 2023witte clarence 

tricks, magic and illusions are attractive because of their mystery. magicians often arouse amazement, they are admired and feared at the same time. …continue readinghow do you become an illusionist?












 
blog 


top best magicians in the world 

october 21, 2022june 30, 2023witte clarence 

while studying theater at the university of california, jonathan met charlotte, who was attending dance and gymnastics classes at the same university where the young illusionist was studying.…continue readingtop best magicians in the world












 
blog 


interesting facts about magicians and their tricks 

august 18, 2021june 30, 2023witte clarence 

the first known document that mentions illusionary art is the ancient egyptian papyrus vestkar, named after the owner of the collection where it was originally kept.…continue readinginteresting facts about magicians and their tricks















brands that trust us.







appliance repair charlotte. 6am - 8pm, every day.







looking for the best deals on temu? get exclusive discount codes from dziennik and save big on your favorite products. shop smarter and enjoy unbeatable savings today!







to select my preferred seat on the flight, i always check the airplane seat map before making my reservation.









add a touch of mystery to your social media presence with free story instastalker, a service that offers a secretive way to view and engage with instagram stories. ideal for magic enthusiasts who appreciate the art of illusion and wish to explore instagram with an air of mystery and privacy.








unleash your inner mixologist with cocktailfanatico, a blog that celebrates the art of making cocktails. the author generously shares beloved cocktail recipes and delivers impartial reviews of bar equipment including jiggers, shakers, cocktail sets, strainers, and juicers







questroom, an acclaimed escape room in los angeles, delivers immersive adventures with intricate puzzles and captivating storylines for unforgettable group experiences.












salesforce marketing cloud is cloud-based software platform that allows business to manage, and automate their marketing efforts.
















quick linkshome
about event
contacts
privacy policy
 

programday 1
day 2
day 3
 

we’re on social networksfacebook
instagram
linkedin
 


phone number: 860-279-5210e-mail: [email protected]location: 2969 hart street, east hartford
 






				copyright © 2025 tu-tor tricks  
 







scroll up












