


web city office towers 3d world


















  leap into the virtual reality of...

      web city office towers 3d world
tm




modern day virtual atlantis for
new age business & space travel






home
atlantis
cybrqbit™
my avatar
my business
my world
contact
web3d world portal - new era began 


hrs ago











 

























3d world registration & access






















happening now





 [-] hide
from sub-atomic particles to outer space.








the stars await you into the realm ofthe gods and extraterrestrial life.



'the beginning is the end is the beginning'



                                                            
                                                            we are aligning ourselves with the world's scientific data and research in the fields of space exploration
                                                            and extraterrestrial life among other important subjects. this information is used in the planetary system implementation at office towers. 
                                                            the ultimate object of the game part of this world, is to discover and learn the truth about 
                                                            sensitive matters and evolve collective thinking. each time you successfully access a higher game level, you selectively become in contact with 
                                                            others that have attained a similar level of achievements, by joining shared social spaces, the purpose of which to increase the signal to noise 
                                                            ratio. here it is not mass quantity that matters, instead, we want to cut through the information overload and misinformation that is generally 
                                                            taking place. the cherry on top is the ultimate knowledge sphere of social interaction, thus, our logo, which we call the neosphere. find it and 
                                                            you'll know you are getting close. your last challenge will be to get inside and unlock a secret social dimension feature you can be sure to appreciate. 
                                                            and it doesn't have to end there. this will actually be the beginning of new understandings, discoveries and passion for the true meaning of life. this 
                                                            journey will take us beyond galactic stars, into the omnipotent realm of the gods themselves, moving our souls into a new kind of human race, until the 
                                                            cycle has come full circle.
                                                                   
                                                            








 [+] show
what if atlantis existed today and in the future?







its people, its places, 
               
                                                                 its knowledge, aspirations, spirituality and philosophy. what could atlanteans do that is beyond our 
                                                                 reach? how deep in space could they go or knew about? all of these questions and more are not only what
                                                                 we want to explore, but directly experience in this world. we
                                                                 create here a renewed and modernized atlantean civilization to allow us to do just that,
                                                                 using scientific data in a 3d online virtual world game. since this is a global endeavor, atlantis is 
                                                                 the chosen location because of its historic and geographic neutrality. the office towerstm
                                                                 3d online world is where the groundwork is taking place. we believe that part of the future of space
                                                                 exploration is in 3d virtual worlds and online virtual world games. as such, one of our ultimate goals is to build a virtual 
                                                                 spaceship that will allow space travel faster and far beyond any possible physical means.  
                                                                 you can watch stephen hawking's videos on the second floor of the entry 
                                                                 building for inspiration. could virtual reality allow time travel? since virtually anything is
                                                                 possible in cyberspace, where will this quasi-omnipotent expression of imagination power take us?
                                                                 
                                                                 be sure to read the  atlantis destiny 
                                                                 narrative so that you may better understand its origin and direction. 
                                                                 







 [+] show

do something useful in a social & serious game world.







 
                                                                 
                                                                 office towerstm is a virtual business game and social world that transcends time and space, wishing for a 
                                                                 better kind of human race. our goal is to evolve this universe  
                                                                 into a game-like, multi-level business trade, time travel and space center; a place we can play,  
                                                                 live and work all at the same time. even if you are not into games, you can 
                                                                 use strictly as a virtual business and social world. there is enough room for everyone,
                                                                 including instant private chat whenever you like. office towers is primarily a virtual world, but we are adding game elements 
                                                                 to make the experience interesting to more people.
                                                                 
                                                                 this is a user-owned economy, where you can start a business or expand yours further to make real money.
                                                                 imagine your virtual enterprise much like a real-life organization, complete with 
                                                                 administrative, management, sales, accounting, legal, marketing and human resources 
                                                                 departments. worlds, scenes and objects can be 
                                                                 added and linked to create a thriving economy of goods, services, and most importantly, 
                                                                 communications and relationships. our premise is that, it is not the individual properties of objects that have value, 
                                                                 but the quality of the relationship that they have with each other that creates value.
                                                                 
                                                                 you do not need to be a web developer, programmer or designer to be here but, if you are so inclined, that is even better.  
                                                                 online virtual worlds and virtual 3d game worlds are essentially computer applications, therefore, before investing yourself in one, it is important 
                                                                 to understand the underlying technology so that your virtual time will be well spent now and in the
                                                                 future. do not corner yourself into a dead-end scenario toy world, no matter how large or popular any 
                                                                 particular service appears to be. instead, there needs to be a clear progression path that is aligned with computer evolution and 
                                                                 web standards, so that you do not end up outgrowing an obsolete virtual space, thereby forcing you to start over again down the road.
                                                                 
                                                                 think of the old buildings, where you will arrive in the world, as the old part of town. use the teleport or gain access 
                                                                 to higher game levels to see other developments and more affluent neighborhoods. you can make your own levels too, or, if 
                                                                 you prefer, go underground where the rule is... there are no rules.* either way, the choice is yours. how you will survive, 
                                                                 or die, in this world, really is up to you.
                                                                 
                                                                 * terms of service apply.












background and technical information






 [+] show

office towerstm is built on a solid foundation.











                                                                                              
                                                                 designed using open standards web3d's iso   
                                                                 approved vrml and x3d graphics, while scripted with the popular javascript language on the client
                                                                 side, plus the c language, perl, php and sql on the server side to ensure usability and long term viability for state-of-the-art features and 
                                                                 portability. this is without mentioning bs contacttm 3d stereo scene rendering, support for collada, and the ability to 
                                                                 view html objects, flashtm movies and youtubetm videos 
                                                                 right into the world. there is no need to reinvent the wheel. you can use professional 
                                                                 tools such as 3d studio maxtm and a variety of other commercially or freely available 
                                                                 applications such as bs editortm, blendertm, 
                                                                 vivaty studiotm, x3d-edit and many more to create your own interactive chat 3d scenes and objects. 
                                                                 in addition, you can use free avatar studiotm to make an avatar that includes
                                                                 a facial photograph of yourself to keep it all human. it is good
                                                                 to know that the technology will be around a long time, and is not something that 
                                                                 will be over as soon as the 'next-big-thing' comes up, because there
                                                                 will not be anything that is as real, mature, complete, interactive and down-to-earth as this; not for a long while, unless 
                                                                 of course, we are actually being taken over by aliens. but more on that later...
                                                                 
                                                                 if all this jargon is confusing you, don't be. there is plenty for
                                                                 you to do and see regardless. have fun. get involved. learn and build your future 3d social empire, right here, in a way that makes sense and 
                                                                 maybe even help save the planet and countless lives.
                                                                 
                                                                 






 [+] show

office towers'tm development history goes back to 1997.







                                                                                              
                                                                 this 3d world has come a very long way, but the technology we
                                                                 used then (vrml) is still being developed worldwide (now x3d) and the best interactive 3d available today; largely in use by 
                                                                 corporations, academia, governments and militaries. a mature technology that constantly
                                                                 improves upon itself to remain at the leading edge of 3d online worlds on the web. a technology that has passed the test of time again and again.
                                                                 now that computers are more powerful and bandwidth is more abundant, 3d worlds are bound to become the natural evolution of social media networks, 
                                                                 social networks and social networking sites. and it's all open standards, not sand-boxed, incompatible novelties that have 
                                                                 little connection to internet technologies. we do not want you to lock yourself into closed proprietary systems that will lead you
                                                                 nowhere in the long run. rather, stay in control of your chat 3d space, integrate it with your web site and social network, 
                                                                 even run it on your own server(s) if you prefer, connecting to other worlds 
                                                                 via the x3daemontm network server and our world teleport. 
               
                                                                 
                                                                 














nasa







latest news


nasa tv


video gallery















what's new



                                             follow us on:  
											   











feb 08, 2022
						* * * happy 25th anniversary!!! * * * the web city office towers 3d world was born in 1997 and celebrates  
						25 years of continuous existence in 2022. a heartfelt thank you to all of the people who have contributed to it
						in so many different ways, big and small. without you, this virtual world with all of its features would not 
						have been possible. we own it together and should be proud of our achievement. countless other virtual reality 
						worlds have come and go, but still here we are standing, even in the face of enormous adversity and technology 
						evolution. may we continue this journey for many more years into the future... 
						
mar 27, 2021
						work is underway to provide a new method for experiencing web city office towers 3d world. while there have been
						delays, we would like to reiterate our commitment to support x3d open standards in this endeavor.
						
apr 01, 2020
						introducing cybrqbit, the new atlantean virtual currency.
						
mar 27, 2020
						it is possible to use newer versions of the google chrome browser if you have the 
						ie tab 
						extension installed (however, sound does not work using this method).
						
mar 10, 2020
						the 32-bit windows version of the open source pale moon web browser is now supported. 
						pale moon is an efficient and customizable goanna-based fork of the firefox browser. you now have 2 choices of web browser to access the 3d world.
						
feb 27, 2020
						efforts are being made to modernize the operation of the virtual world. meanwhile, it can still be
						operated for free using contact 8.0 in stand-alone mode or in combination with internet explorer on windows
						for added functionality.  
						
sep 10, 2019
						the office towers world is branching out corporate strategy game play to deep state 
						world corpwarz. while both worlds will co-exist, corpwarz will be a darker, 
						more ruthless version. visit corpwarz.com and 
						see links to social media for further details as they come in. 
						
apr 08, 2019
						the x3daemon preload setup page has been updated. 
						it is possible to load the office towers 3d world using ms internet explorer on windows, or directly 
						with contact 8.0 in browserless mode.  
						
jan 13, 2019
						this vr world was born in 1997, built on a solid technical foundation. others 
						come and go, but the office towers are proudly standing strong. bumps in the 
						road are nothing we can't overcome. let them burn money, while we  wait for 
						the dust to settle. there is a big future for us..

						
oct 21, 2018
						  please be aware that major web browsers no longer support npapi plugins. it remains
						  possible to use the virtual world with contact v.8.0 in stand-alone mode
							  (instructions provided on the loading page), but chat
						  will be limited to public only, and sound/music may not play at this time.  
  						
apr 04, 2016
							since google chrome no longer supports npapi plugins, we are looking into realigning
						  office towers' position. meanwhile, you can still use contact with other web browsers or as a standalone 
						  viewer (browserless operation - more details are on the loading page).
						
jun 13, 2015
  						our server upgrade is now complete. enjoy!                                                   
  						
mar 19, 2015
  						for added security, performance and reliability, we are currently upgrading and migrating all of our web properties and 
						  systems to private servers. our goal is to gradually make this transition as seamlessly as possible during the next several 
						  weeks. while no service interruptions 
						  or malfunctions are anticipated during this process, should they occur, please rest assured that it is only going to be temporary.
  						
feb 20, 2014
						  one female and two male avatars have been added. why almost a year since last update? that's because we have been working hard on the
						  alienxsyndicate virtual band. find info and updates at alienxsyndicate.com

mar 8, 2013
                                                  new users can now easily register to office towers 3d world via facebook. (this feature is currently disabled)

jan 17, 2013
                                                  a new virtual conference hall has been added to the world teleport.                                                  
                                                  
dec 21, 2012
                                                  get paid to play: redeem your game scores for world credits.                                                  
                                                  
nov 22, 2012
                                                  are you an investor? if you ever think of investing in 3d technology you need to know this.                                                  
                                                  
nov 15, 2012
                                                  a new subway station and game levels, like the underground, are now available. 
                                                  
oct 17, 2012
                                                  scores can now be redeemed for world credits. the more active you are the better your score.      
                                                  
oct 11, 2012
                                                  brand new subscription levels are now available. start your 3d virtual reality business today.           
                                                  
oct 5, 2012
                                                  an alien invasion is underway. check out the new aliens in the avatar selector.     
                                                  
aug 13, 2012
                                                  added blinking cursor to text entry fields. fixed bug where secret weapons were wrongly displayed in teleport worlds.
                                                  fixed virtual motors' boardroom furniture level of details (lod). fixed youtube videos which were no longer visible 
                                                  due to url query string changes at that company.    
                                                  
jan 18, 2012
                                                  avatars watch nasa youtube at virtual command center - 2012
                                                  new video on youtube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glrvddnmqgm

jan 12, 2012
                                                  we've just added a cool new youtube/flash command center to the teleport. you can now see and control up to 12 video presentations at the same time.    
                                                  
dec 14, 2011
                                                  the inworld avatar selection and login scenario has been reworked to facilitate easier access to third party worlds.    
                                                  
nov 21, 2011
                                                  new inline frame allows world owners to add x3daemon registration form to their own site. click my world for details.  
                                                  
oct 19, 2011
                                                  new progress bar when world is loading and improved login dialog for better user experience.  
                                                  
oct 6, 2011
                                                  we have just released a new youtube video. see it on this page and vote for it if you can. 
                                                  
aug 26, 2011
                                                  added in-world youtube videos. this can work with contact stand-alone, and with firefox, chrome or safari. 
                                                  
aug 4, 2011
                                                  added monitoring system to detect and deal with busy server and network latency. 
                                                  
jul 28, 2011
                                                  began adding bots to guide and assist users with various endeavors. 
                                                  
apr 21, 2011
                                                  added frame rate and cpu performance checks and warnings to prevent underpowered machines from accessing upper levels instead of crashing. 
                                                  
apr 20, 2011
                                                  apple safari version 5.0 or above is now supported. 
                                                  
feb 10, 2011
                                                  added screen radar hud to show local and remote avatars' position. 
                                                  
feb 3, 2011
                                                  it's official, both versions of avatar studio (1 & 2) generated avatars and gestures are now fully supported. create your own custom avatar or use
                                                  one of thousands of existing as2 avatars. you may even use a facial photograph of yourself for your personalized avatar. several new avatars were
                                                  added to the avatar selector.                                                  
                                                  
jan 20, 2011
                                                  added city life sounds and street traffic.
                                                  
dec 30, 2010
                                                  added instructional hud to assist avatar selection. added name tag and re-sized chat bubbles.
                                                  
dec 23, 2010
                                                  added text driven gestures. improved hud.    
                                                  
dec 16, 2010
                                                  removed 13 years old plaza building. the vacant space will be allocated for parking. letting go of old memories to make room for new ones.    
                                                  
dec 9, 2010
                                                  public group bubble chat upgrade for improved readability. better sound files management to help preserve bandwidth. home page update.  
                                                  
nov 25, 2010 
                                                  well! this section is new for a start. you can expect to see here frequent updates about the world's happenings, additions and features. 
                                                  
                                                  to begin, we thought it would be nice to briefly describe the general features so far to give us a reference point.
                                                  so here it is:  
                                                  
                                                  by now, obviously, everyone who has visited the world knows, this is a multiuser 3d world with chat, avatars, buildings, cars and various
                                                  other moveable objects. multiuser (mu) means that when an avatar moves in the world, all of the other users will see that 
                                                  avatar moving on their own computer screen too. in a similar fashion, we describe as shared-objects (so) anything in the world that moves or
                                                  operates the same on all computer screens when one user or avatar moves or operates it. features that have not yet been made multiuser, 
                                                  while still functional on a single user basis, will be described as single-user (su).
                                                  
                                                  there are avatars available to choose from the avatar selector, all of which support gestures (such as 'waive hello', 'bye', 
                                                  'laugh', 'sit', 'dance', etc.) to some degree.  
                                                  
                                                  to date there are about two dozen office buildings, each with several floors and offices. there are also
                                                  dedicated buildings such as the shopping mall, a plaza, a command center, a teleport building, a car dealership with offices, a club,
                                                  a theater, a farm house, and various other utility buildings, all of which can be entered by avatars. some of the buildings also have su 
                                                  elevators. there are numerous other constructions in the periphery of the world such as pyramids, a mansion, a college and university, etc. 
                                                  that cannot be entered. (press the 'map' button at the bottom of the screen once in the world to see a map of the world.)  
                                                  
                                                  most of the vehicles in the world can be driven by avatars in su mode. some vehicles are so but can only be driven by their respective owners. 
                                                  an alarm will sound if you attempt to enter them. there is no collision detection so be careful how you drive. click 'show instructions' at 
                                                  the top right of the screen once you are in the world for details on how to use vehicles and other world features.
                                                  
                                                  the world also has su moveable furniture that can be operated (ex.: open/close drawer, swivel chair, move furniture, etc).
                                                    
                                                  there is a mu teleport that can be used to switch worlds. there are currently 8 worlds to choose from. some of the worlds are outside of
                                                  office towers while others are part of it. click 'my world' above to submit yours. you can see and chat with avatars that are in the same 
                                                  world as you. bubble chat is available in public chat.
                                                  private chat groups are available in the chat frame on the right side of the screen when the world is viewed with a web browser (see below
                                                  for details). simply enter the name of a group you would like to use (press the 'options' button at the bottom
                                                  of the screen once in the world). 
                                                  
                                                  all of the worlds are affected by sunlight and/or moonshine depending the time you stay online. there are stars, the moon and a space station.
                                                  some other places and features are not described here because they are intended only to be discovered by those who achieve the
                                                  required levels. having said that, there are currently 5 levels in the main ot world. in addition, the world uses longitude and latitude
                                                  coordinates and is situated near the azores islands, which explains the time zone displayed in the chat frame. 
                                                  
                                                  we have begun placing music and sound files. you may enable/disable sound as desired (see the 'sound' option at the bottom of the screen
                                                  once in the world). expect a small delay when changing selection. sound may be disabled if your available bandwidth is too low.

                                                  















                              
                                             * the names, logos, product and service names, design marks and slogans of 3dnpvei, its subsidiaries, affiliates and divisions are the trademarks, 
                                             service marks or registered trademarks of 3dnpvei or the applicable subsidiaries or affiliates.  
                                             all other products or service marks contained herein are the trademark of their respective owners.
               					     














associations, partners and affiliates.












































©   3dnpvei.com


free gamification 3d social network home modelers vws (vrw), new era of the aquarius business-to-business gamification virtual 3d chat modeler cad systems and synthetic social networker 3d chat world for vr office (virtual reality office game) and vr offices (virtual reality offices) are available in a massively multiplayer virtual reality world, time travel video-game of life officetower is free 3d game on microsoft windows internet explorer, rpg role playing b2b, b2b, vrml interactive multimedia productions, film animation, immersive artificial vr, works with 3d studio max, max 3d the studio in virtual reality office towers and virtual reality social networkers office buildings (vr buildings, vr building) where your atlantis vacation.
massively multi-player with animation and live chat teleportation vw, the aquarius age begins as a multiplayer videogame online sims social enterprise with office role playing game for social interaction, home of the alienxsyndicate multi-player web city office towers free 3d world, web3d multiusers social space, multi-users, vrml javascript programming, audio, video, design, videos, online virtual world game and 3d virtual game worlds online, x3daemon, virtual reality 3d office and offices virtual jobs, 3-d, dimensions panoramas, pda, pocketpc, 3d the largest tele-presence 3d web second life alternative, mmorpg, mmo, mmog, avatar, avatars modeling, language, x3d vrml officetowers business demo, e-commerce, telepresence ecommerce, 3d network professional virtual enterprise initiative


