











 



seattle cityclub – a civic nonprofit – programs & events that improve the civic health of the puget sound region








































































































  



 

















 











about us

board and staff members our history press coverage annual reports

2021 community report 2019 community report 2017 annual report 
jobs, internships, volunteers our partners
our programs

civic cocktail legislative preview civic boot camp washington state debate coalition

2023 seattle city council debates 
year in review youth council
eventscivic resource guidesblogsupport us

sponsorship
contact us

e-newsletter
log in 









watch video 
							2019 year in review 
							watch or relive cityclub's annual event engaging the biggest issues of 2019 with community leaders. 
							 


register now 
							civic cocktail, wednesday, nov. 6 
							city council election analysis and how voters shape seattle. 
							 


register now 
							civic boot camp: economy and equity 
							discover how seattle's economy is growing and impacting marginalized communities. 
							 




















click here 
 


 


 


 


make a gift 
							 






for our events
register here
support our mission
donate now
sign up and
stay informed








our programs











civic cocktail
civic cocktail is a monthly program featuring lively discussions with community leaders, policymakers, and journalists about critical civic issues impacting the puget sound region.


learn about civic cocktail >


year in review
year in review is an annual seattle cityclub tradition where we reflect on the previous year’s pressing issues and significant headlines, revisit predictions, and see how events changed or stayed the course.


discover year in review >














washington state debate coalition
we know that a healthy democracy and a strong community depend on active, informed, and interested citizens. together with our partners, the washington state debate coalition hosts free, nonpartisan, publicly accessible political debates for some of our most important local and statewide offices.


discover debates >


legislative preview
our legislative preview has been a signature seattle event for decades. the forum features the top leadership from the washington state legislature on both sides of the aisle. 


learn more about legislative preview >








upcoming events






05
mar
2025
wednesday - 6:30 pm-8:00 pmpublic safety forum: seattle city council’s perspectives and plans (civic cocktail)




02
apr
2025
wednesday - 6:30 pm-8:00 pmtransforming transportation: light rail expansion and infrastructure challenges (civic cocktail)




07
may
2025
wednesday - 6:30 pm-8:00 pma prescription for the future: artificial intelligence and healthcare




04
jun
2025
wednesday - 6:30 pm-8:00 pmhousing and homelessness: crisis management and longterm solutions (civic cocktail)




10
sep
2025
wednesday - 6:30 pm-8:00 pmeducation at risk: solutions needed to move forward (civic cocktail)




01
oct
2025
wednesday - 6:30 pm-8:00 pmchasing climate resiliency: clean energy innovations and regional goals (civic cocktail)




a look back at 2023










thank you to cityclub’s presenting partner









 








 seattle cityclub is a nonpartisan, 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization improving the civic health of the puget sound region by providing programs that bridge politics, sectors and generations to inform and engage residents and community leaders.
view policies

 




 

 







copyright © 2021 seattle cityclub





 







×
your ticket for the: home


















title
home


usd



























close
print




















































