






tannerite™ – reactive rifle targets
















































































 skip to navigation
skip to content

 

menumenumy accountdealer registrationcheckoutcart 


search for:

search


 
 
menu
menumenuhomeall products

rifle targets

1/2 lb targets1 lb targets2 lb targets.22 rim-fire targetspropacksshop from our collection of your favorite tannerite propack cases.salespecialty targets

tannerite gender reveal target 
 
accessories

apparelarchery 
gifts
retail locationsfaq's

faq’sshipping and returns
about us

about tannerite™ sportsgiving backcontact uslegal
newslettercustomer login

dealer login
giveawayhome
shop
customer login
dealer login
giveaway
contact us
 



$0.00 0 items



 











welcome to tannerite
the original binary reactive rifle target
what’s boomin?
get ready for spring with our most popular reactive rifle targets!
shop best sellers

free shipping on orders over $150
congrats!! it’s a ….. boomin baby! get tannerite™’s gender reveal boom box here!rifle shooting. shot indicator. target practice.

click for boomin good fun!buy tannerite™ targets direct!


tannerite™ 2 pound extreme range target ~ single 2 pound target

$18.99
add to cart



white lightning™ rim-fire target – 15 shots

$46.99
add to cart



tannerite™ propack 2lb – pp2x5 – case of 5 targets

$90.99
add to cart



ten 1/2 lb tannerite™ targets – hp10

$50.99
add to cart
buy tannerite™ best value targets:shop all targets and accessories
shop 1 lb targets
shop 1/2 lb targets
shop 2 lb targetsimitation is the highest form of flattery…
unfortunately our competitors don’t follow the same guidelines for safety and quality.hats and shirts and gifts!
shop our new apparel and gifts website at www.tanneritesports.com!
welcome to tannerite sports apparel and gifts.


baby, it’s getting cold outside!


shop tannerite apparelfind tannerite near me








status












distance range

radius:  km









 0




category







loading...











×
directions






















×
get your directions


from:



to:



show distance in

 km                

 mile                


get directions








×

locate your geoposition







locate















quick facts…








 what type of round do i use?		 
 

 

to reliably initiate, tannerite™ brand targets need to be hit solidly with a transonic (ital) round. a transonic round is one going 2,000 feet per second or faster. all other things being equal, larger diameter bullets work better than smaller ones..
 
 
 






 common rounds		 
 

 




.223/5.56mm nato (the common ar15/m16 or ruger mini-14 round)
5.45x39mm (the ak-74 round)
6mm remington
.243 winchester
.270
7.62x39mm (the ak-47 round)
7mm remington magnum
.300 savage
.308/7.62mm nato
.30-06
.300 remington magnum
.338 remington magnum
.50 browning (the .50 caliber machine gun round)



 
 
 






 shelf life		 
 

 

tannerite™ brand targets are meant to be stored in a dry, room temperature location and can last about 10 years!
 
 
 






 range distance		 
 

 

place ¼, ½, and 1 lb targets down range at least 100 yards before shooting. place 2 lb targets 200 yards down range before shooting.
 
 
 






 usage		 
 

 

legal use of these targets is as a shot indicator only. do not mix over 2lb per shot.
 
 
 















 what safety information should i be aware of?		 
 

 


treat all binary targets with respect. misuse of binary targets could result in serious injuries or death
to ensure a homogeneous composition, be sure to use the mixing container that’s included with every tannerite™ brand binary rifle target purchase and shake well to achieve uniform mixing
place ¼, ½, and 1 lb targets down range at least 100 yards before shooting. place 2 lb targets 200 yards down range before shooting.
we recommend elevating the target above the ground to reduce the amount of flying debris
remember that the legal use of these targets is as a shot indicator only
mix the targets at the range and shoot them immediately. do not transport, store, or sell the mixed composition unless you have the appropriate explosives endorsements
always wear ear and eye protection
be sure to use in a remote area only and respect the adjoining property owner’s right to tranquility
do not use target in locations where a general fire order is in effect and do not use target near combustible materials
as always, respect local noise ordinances and always use tannerite™ brand binary rifle targets as directed by the manufacturer
please store at room temperature in a dry location
never place these targets inside, on top of, or under any metal, rock, or other surfaces that could produce flying debris or sparks, or within another object.  this is dangerous and constitutes improper use of the product.

 
 
 






 coupon restrictions		 
 

 

*shipping exclusions apply
free shipping site-wide applies to standard ground shipping and handling within the u.s., excluding hawaii, alaska, and the u.s. territories. we do not ship to p.o. boxes.
discounts do not apply to sale items or deals, such as multi-packs or volume deals, or gift cards unless otherwise noted and cannot be combined with any other offers.
for more information, check out faq page
 
 
 




tannerite outlet store



 
 








			© tannerite™ 2025
							
privacy policybuilt with woocommerce.					



my account 

search 

search for:

search


 


cart				0









site maintenance will take place feb 1 - feb 6. please check back soon or visit a local retailer for your boom. dismiss





































