


  







shop - home - frasada






































































































×


login

username or email address *



 password  *













click for register ?


lost your password ?








×

register

email*



password*













click for login ?




 




























contact ussign uplogin



 





 






...








skip to content
salon services

hairchemicalcolor
spa services

spa packagesspa for menfacialsmassageshands & feetwaxing
buy gift cardsabout us

frasada e-clubhours & directionspoints for considerationemploymentshare your experience







...
























 


 


 


 























 a luxurious salon & day spa experience to escapefrom everyday stresses




instant giftsmore




testimonialsmorefeatured specials!the best spa in oceanside!frasada has been deemed “the best in oceanside” four years in a row! “thank you” to our wonderful and talented staff!voted best of long island 2 years in a row!thank you for once again voting frasada the best spa & best bridal hair on long island! we are extremely proud of our amazing team! book on-line or call 516 766-7076 to experience the best of long island! about usfrasada was created to provide a haven from your busy lifestyle. it is a place to discover the inner you, restore your well-being and pamper yourself in every way. this has been frasada’s goal for the past 12 years and we intend to keep on providing our guest with superior quality of services and customers service for years to come.read moretestimonialgracious as usual love my haircut arlina rocks. i never have a problem styling my hair bc the cut is so great.barbara kenney8/27/22i received a gift card as a gift to redeem at frasada. i am more than thrilled with the experience. my schedule is very hectic and the attendants were more than accommodating for me. i absolutely loved the signature treatment that i choose. the foot soak and sauna session was a great treat.  beyond compare
my massage therapist was firm but tender and kept me totally relaxed. i didn’t want to leave at the end. the staff was so kind, even the operators that weren’t working on me took the time to say hello and see that i was taken care of. i loved the fact that it was all new and i will definitely be buying my family gift cards this holiday season.cindy loctober 21, 2019i have been visiting frasada salon and day spa for about 6 years. every visit is a mini-vacation and a sincere pleasure. i have never been disappointed in the spa services or products. the products are all top notch and the staff is always kind, accommodating and the spa technicians are skilled and truly amazing. i have been fortunate enough to visit spas all over the world and i am so pleased and happy to have frasada in my neighborhood. frasada is excellent in every way; i highly recommend their aromaplasty facial and deep tissue massage. enjoy!christy snovember 19, 2019was there with my girlfriend jennifer and we got side by side massages with marie and barbara. our first time there spa was clean, staff friendly, and marie and barbara couldn’t have been more professional and they have hands of gold. we will definitely be back!sara mjune 5, 2019i got a pregnancy package for my birthday but gave birth before i could redeem it, so i called the spa and they worked with me and created a personal package for the monetary amount of the certificate. i got a chocolate body massage among other things and it was amazing. i am going to book another appointment very soon. the staff was professional and friendly, i enjoyed my conversation while getting the massage. check it out yourself before you decide to go or not go based on reviews. i think being in the atmosphere will have a positive impact on your decision.mallori pfebruary 4, 2019 went for the signature massage. the massage was great; therapist was professional and did a wonderful job. we got to hang in the sauna with a foot soak for a half an hour after which was super relaxing as well. i would definitely recommend.danielle mapril 7, 2018 i was referred to frasada salon for a brazilian by my cousin. i was nervous because it had been a while but melissa did such an excellent job and made it as pleasant as possible. i was nervous as i am used to hard wax but the strip wax wasn’t too bad and she was very through and really did an excellent job . this will be my new spot for brazilians!nicole snovember 3, 2019my wife surprised me with a hot poultice massage from fresada for our 1 year anniversary. i am usually very picky about who i get massages from and have been going to the same person for over 4 years. i like to try new things so i figured i would give it a shot. marie ended up giving me my massage and she did a wonderful job. she explained everything she was doing and even gave me a pointers for home. the spa was very clean and was not that busy, but i did go in the middle of the day. i definitely would go back just for marie.jaredaugust 19, 2018i went to frasada twice this past summer (my first times there) & i must share with everybody that both experiences were excellent. not only were the treatments i received top notch but the staff was very friendly & gabby went out of her way to make sure that everything was perfect for me. i drove 40 miles to get to frasada each time & it was worth every mile (and there are other spas a lot closer to me.) if you’re deciding which spa to visit, do yourself a favor & go here. it’s well worth it!bradley sseptember 29, 2018  














 
  

 

 
  

 

 
book now

 

 
  

 

 
  

 
 
frasada e-club enjoy many great benefits
by joining the frasada e-club!


 

leave this field empty if you're human: 

 

address 2785 long beach rd.
oceanside, ny 11572
email: frasada@optonline.net
ph: 516-766-7076

 

hours sundays- 10:00 to 5:00*
mondays- closed
tuesdays- 9:00 to 5:30
wednesdays- 9:00 to 5:30
thursdays- 10:00 to 9:00
fridays- 9:00 to 6:00
saturdays- 9:00 to 6:00

 







© 2018 frasada. all rights reserved.

website developed & maintained by sj innovation llc



























				our spring sale has started			

you can see how this popup was set up in our step-by-step guide: https://wppopupmaker.com/guides/auto-opening-announcement-popups/


			×			





				our spring sale has started			

you can see how this popup was set up in our step-by-step guide: https://wppopupmaker.com/guides/auto-opening-announcement-popups/


			×			





				our spring sale has started			

you can see how this popup was set up in our step-by-step guide: https://wppopupmaker.com/guides/auto-opening-announcement-popups/


			×			




 



































































































