




 







automotive performance camshaft production manufacturer | camcraft cams








































































camcraft cams








  (828) 681-5183







custom camshaft supplier
about

showcase


selecting a cam

catalogs & links


articles
profiles
contact









the power to win!


				camcraft cams is an innovative camshaft design and production company. camcraft is a full service camshaft grinder, offering new and reconditioned camshafts and related parts to engine rebuilders and racers throughout most of the united states, canada and puerto rico.
			










custom camshaft supplier


way back in 1983, the camcraft cams business began as a division of r&r automotive. initially, we specialized in supplying medium and large engine rebuilders up and down the east coast with reground automotive camshafts for their rebuilt engines. today, we’ve grown into a leading automotive performance camshaft production manufacturer with customers scattered throughout the u.s., canada, and puerto rico.
camcraft cams is proud to offer the services of a world-renowned camshaft designer and consultant who has over 45 years of experience when it comes to serving the racing market. we’re also proud of the fact that we’re the only manufacturer to offer a catalog devoted to antique performance cams. it covers flathead fords, nailhead buicks, y black fords, 348 and 409 chevys, and more. we offer a catalog for factory performance cams as well.
give camcraft cams a call at 828-681-5183 if you’re in need of an automotive performance camshaft production manufacturer.






 




latest news



why choose camcraft performance cams?

by: camcraftcams-admin
								camcraft cams began in 1983 in easton, md under charles reichard owner supplying reputable engine builders on the east coast with reground automotive camshafts for…								

read more




tuning your camshaft for maximum power

by: camcraftcams-admin
								by charles reichard (written for oval track racers) most stock car racers have been faced with trying different cams in their cars and not seeing…								

read more




maintaining your engine crucial to cam performance

by: camcraftcams-admin
								as your car accumulates mileage, maintenance is essential to ensuring your engine doesn’t quit. gaskets dry out, leaks and holes appear and belts stretch. making…								

read more











camcraft performance cams
						442 phillipsville loop
						canton, nc, 28716
						phone: (828) 681-5183
						toll free: (800) 426-2261
						fax (828) 681-5185
					

contact us



name*email*

phonemessagewould you like to receive future emails?*


yes



no
emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ



						innovative camshaft design and production
					






© 2025 camcraft cams. | sitemap






camcraft cams
custom camshaft supplierabout

showcase back
selecting a cam

catalogs & links back
articlesprofilescontact

				× close panel			






























 
