
fundraisers.com: giving- your guide to the world of fundraising

  













about us
awareness calendar
ideas
cause celebrities
giving people
products
services
resources







































february
awareness calendar:
national wear red day, national heart month, national childrens dental health month, national girls & women in sports day, national eating disorders awareness week   
> more causes




veteran's :
america is founded on the principle of freedom, justice, and liberty  
for all. our nation's soldiers protect our country and its ideals.   
we honor the men and women of the armed forces who have kept our country safe. take a moment to remember their sacrifice and  
make a donation to a charity that serves them.
 >gary sinise foundation




fundraising tips!

event
fundraising ideas, how to reach your financial goals, getting your fundraiser noticed 
>read more



fundraising tools you need!

auction
services, cause marketing for fundraisers, grant resources, and >read more










advice on how to form a tax exempt non-profit
corporation and >read more 


volunteer
match

is
your group in need of volunteers? are you an individual looking for a
way to give back to your community?

>check out volunteer match!



poker cares is a network of poker and fundraising experts who care to make a difference in the community.find out how you can organize a charity poker tournament. > read more 









nten aspires to a world where all nonprofit organizations use technology skillfully and confidently to meet community needs and fulfill their missions.

> read more




right now someone is saying something on social media that might make or break your brand. do you know what it is? thousands of press releases hit the inboxes of difference-makers every day. how can you stand out from the crowd?
> get marketwired!



sabre design & publishing
where your art is in good hands








seeking new sources of money, charities get
in on poker craze



how small biz gives back



betting on poker: charities turn to
tournaments



cashing in when the chips are down:
charities, nonprofits ride the wave of poker popularity



fundraisers get creative: special events help
school and community



gaming: everyone wins playing for charity























"freedom and security are precious gifts that we, as americans, should never take for granted. we must do all we can to extend our hand in times of need to those who willingly sacrifice each day to provide that freedom and security. while we can never do enough to show gratitude to our nation's defenders, we can always do a little more."
- gary sinise

help support their programs!
 read more 








yellowstone's star teams up with tunnels to towers to help america's heroes.

actor cole hauser and tunnels to towers ceo frank siller celebrate the new year and discuss their partnership on the 'all american new year' fox special.

the mission of the stephen siller tunnel to towers
foundation is to honor the sacrifice of firefighter stephen siller, who laid down his life to save others on september
11, 2001. they also honor our military and first responders who continue to make the supreme sacrifice of life and limb
for our country.

stephen's life and heroic death serve as a reminder to us all
to live life to the fullest and to spend our time here on earth
doing good – this is his legacy.

read about the amazing work the foundation has funded
and get involved now!





































top cookie dough fundraisers:


$0 down, no-risk
up to 52% profit
free brochures
premium quality
incredible selection
proven best seller

 sell cookie dough!





candy bar fundraisers:
$1 & $2 sellersminimum order 1-case
up to 65% profit
get more candybar info



healthy fundraising snacks:
$0 down
50% profitall items only $10
24 tasty snackstop quality
fundraising with snacks




hottest selling snack in fundraising! 
the delicious mixture of the salty pretzel with the sweet chocolate and crunchy toppings is sure to satisfy all cravings and is a top seller!

pretzel rods






get 20% free on scratch cards!


scratch cards:

up to 100% profit!
hassle-free fundraiser
custom logo and name
$50 in coupons for your supporters
30-day financing
easy from start to finish
see scratch cards







quote candle fundraising:
$0 down 50% profitno up-front cost
inspirational quotes8 fabulous scents
made from premium wax

candle fundraising


















home   about us   
cause awareness calendar    cause celebrities   giving people    products   services   resources   contact
  this website contains features about fundraising ideas, products,
causes, people, services, resources and news. this page and its contents are ©digital maven llc
all rights reserved.  






