











wire and cable manufacturers  | encore wire corporation















 











jump to main menu
skip to main content

















main menu







                            products                        


                                    expand products sub-navigation
                                





                                    products and specifications                                



                                    new products                                



                                    product catalog                                



                                    features and benefits                                



                                    tools and resources                                



                                    encore wire university                                






                            industries                        


                                    expand industries sub-navigation
                                





                                    greenconnect                                



                                    healthcare                                



                                    data centers                                



                                    airport expansion                                



                                    oil & gas                                



                                    transit                                



                                    school construction                                



                                    wastewater treatment                                



                                    power generation                                






                            sustainability                        


                                    expand sustainability sub-navigation
                                





                                    environmental, social and governance                                



                                    scrap purchase program                                






                            encore difference                        


                                    expand encore difference sub-navigation
                                





                                    campus tour                                



                                    innovations and value packaging                                 



                                    partnering with us                                



                                    projects                                



                                    articles                                



                                    submit an idea                                






                            contact                        







                        where to buy
                    





about us
careers



 

 











wiring you for success.


watch the heart of encore wire
 





the best of everything

                superior-quality wire and cable. industry-leading delivery times. and “whatever it takes” customer service. that's what you get with encore wire. since 1989, we've been providing innovative solutions that drive our partners' success.            
discover the encore difference






close | ✕









project successes
every project is unique.  you can depend on encore wire for top-notch service, quality, innovation and response times.  we remain laser-focused on helping you achieve your goals by delivering american-made products at the fastest speeds in the industry.

learn more














sustainable solutions
we believe in clean energy. that's why we built a full line of quality wires and cables for environmental sustainability projects, including solar, electric vehicles, battery storage, wind, and utility transmission.

learn more














proudly made in the usa
we engineer, manufacture, and ship the finest products in the industry - and do it all right here in america. at our 3.5 million-square-foot campus in mckinney, texas, every department works in sync to boost quality and speed delivery. our unique self-reliance is good for our company, our partners, and our nation - now more than ever.

learn more about us














training
your new training resource for wire & cable solutions.  enhance your knowledge with the latest content.

learn more















                    powering your performance                

we're your single source for residential, commercial, and industrial wire and cable. through our state-of-the-art quality control facility - the encore wire techlab® -  we ensure that our products are built to the highest standards. and through smarter packaging, we help you achieve maximum productivity onsite. 










                                the reel payoff®                            

                                put the industry's first self-spinning wooden reel to work for you. the reel payoff® allows you to pull on or off the pallet with no additional tools.                             









                                cyclone barrel pack®                            

                                by letting you pull straight from the barrel without extra tools, the cyclone barrel pack® helps increase productivity while reducing labor costs.                            









                                the pullpro®                            

                                pull lighter, straighter and faster. our pullpro® is easy to set up and weighs less than 30 pounds, increasing flexibility and safety.                            









                                mc barrel pack                            

                                our mc barrel pack uses a smaller container with 10% more footage than our competitors, which means longer lengths and less scrap.                            









                                the reel deal®                            

                                customize your wire the way you want it with the reel deal®. it offers a single pre-loaded, compartmentalized wooden reel, reducing setup time and making pulling easier.                            









                                the reel payoff® premium                            

                                encore wire's new reel payoff® premium is more durable and even easier to maneuver!  designed with large projects in mind, the rpp® has a decreased overall pulling tension and is designed for increased usage, which means even more pulls!                            






                            previous
                        



                            next
                        














we do more than make wire.we solve problems.









it's what we do

                our job is to keep the power on in hospitals because lives depend on it, lights on for friday night games and devices charged to keep families connected. at encore wire, we work as a single team because we know we can have a greater impact together.             
want to make a difference too? join the team.
















1329 millwood road, mckinney, texas 75069

phone: (972) 562-9473
fax: (972) 562-3644









































                        products


products and specifications


new products


product catalog


features and benefits


tools and resources





                        sustainability


environmental, social and governance


scrap purchase program





                        encore difference


campus tour


innovations and value packaging 


partnering with us


projects


articles


submit an idea





                        about us


our history


our values


corporate giving


patents


investors





                        careers


our culture


benefits







                        privacy policy                    












© 2025 encore wire corporation all rights reserved.



 




