



our mother of sorrows: prayers and meditations












welcome to the web site for the mother of sorrows cd! 
our mother of sorrows: prayers and meditations is a collection of beautiful meditations on the sufferings of our blessed mother. this 2-cd set contains the seven sorrows chaplet as well as the seven dolors rosary. many graces are attached to their recitation, and the beautiful music and included meditations are a wonderful way to pray "when you have time" and "when you don't."
disk one contains the seven dolors of the blessed virgin mary set to meditative latin chant, and include seven musical selections related to the sorrows of our lady. the meditations are soothing and conducive to deep prayer and contemplation - over an hour in all!
disk two contains the chaplet of our mother of sorrows, the seven dolors of the blessed virgin mary for a happy hour of death, and seven musical selections related to the sorrows of our lady. these are conducted in english. each set includes 2 cds and a lyric booklet. 
listen at home, in the car, at your bedside, while doing the dishes or folding the clothes - easily incorporate prayer into your daily life and keep in mind the sufferings that our lord and our lady endured for our salvation. it really brings our fallen nature into perspective and helps us to focus on the great price that was paid, even for our "little" venial sins! nothing can be a greater encouragement to avoid near occasions of sin in the future. 
you can buy the cd from our web site (the set's retail price is $19.95 + $6.95 s&h) or find it at your favorite catholic goods store. 



 click here to hear a sample




 

click the button below to purchase the cd   
          ($19.95)


 

















 




 
vendor inquiries are welcome.
contact us




ihs enterprises
                post office box 802 
                bartlesville, ok 74005 
             



 
powered by catholic web services
copyright 2005-2022, ihs enterprises. all rights reserved.






 



