



      gustav stickley furniture arts & crafts furniture mission oak furniture - reproductions and antiques
    











homerecent additionsabout ustestimonialsreproductions
bedsbookcasesbuffetscabinetscarpets and rugschairscoffee tablescomputer tablescustom workdesksdining chairsdining tablesdressersend tablesentertainment centersfoot stoolsinlaid pieceslamp tablesmirrorsmorris chairsnightstandsrockerssettles and sofassofa bedssofa tablesantiques
bookcasesbuffetscabinetschairsdesksdining chairsdining tablesdressersend tablesfoot stoolslamp tableslightingmetalwaremonterey furnituremorris chairspaintingspotteryrockerssettlesstained glass windowstextilesthirty six original grueby tile friezestiles





specializing in the works of greene & greene, harvey ellis, rohlfs, d`arcy gaw, roycroft, l. &. j.g. stickley , stickley brothers and charles stickley, gustav stickley, limbert and dirk van erp.
         custom reproductions and antiques.










we have been prominent dealers (and passionate collectors) of
antique arts and crafts furniture and accessories for over 35 years. the addition of fine quality
mission oak reproductions to our business grew from requests from clients for furniture
forms that did not exist at the turn of the century, such as; king size beds,
coffee tables and custom entertainment centers.



comments from our clients







purchasing from voorhees craftsman is green - 
               whether you're investing in 100 year-old arts & crafts stickley originals or our mission style replicas built to last for the next 100 years and beyond,
               you are using resources responsibly.

            we also have a large selection of original stickley and limbert furniture and contemporary reproduction
mission style furniture and antiques available at our new 5000 sq. ft. gallery in pasadena.
please visit us at :voorhees craftsman 1415
north lake avenuepasadena, ca 91104hours: fri., and sat.
12-5pmopen once a month or by appointment.  please call 626-298-0142.
click here for a map.

arts & crafts furniture
toward the end of the nineteenth century the age of industrialization had replaced craftsmanship with factory assembly lines mass producing victorian style furniture. in reaction to the highly ornamental, poorly made work, arose a reform known as the arts and crafts movement and, ultimately, a new "american style" focusing on integrity of structure and simplicity of form.
stickley furniture and craftsman furniture
gustav stickley, his brothers l & j.g. stickley and roycroft, and limberts furniture company were among the finest of the arts & crafts period furniture makers. they believed ornamentation should exist only as an emphasis of the construction, teaching that beauty lay in those forms and materials which make for simplicity, individuality and strength. their desire was to provide for the homeowner functional designs made of natural woods (primarily oak) to give them a restful, pleasing and warm environment.
contemporary mission style furniture
although arts and crafts reproduction furniture had been available for several years, many of our clients had difficulty finding furniture comparable to their antiques in materials, construction, and finishes. our success in helping our clients complete their environments, coupled with the diminishing supply and escalating prices for many desirable forms, led to the expansion of our line of contempoary reproduction furniture.
we welcome custom furniture orders and invite you to be a part of the creative process. changes in size and design can be made to any piece in this catalogue in order to meet your needs. we also make mission style sofa beds in queen and king sizes, many styles of dining tables, computer and lamp tables, stereo and entertainment centers, china cabinets, bookcases, nightstands, billiards chairs, and other styles of settles.





 


 please e-mail or call us at 1-626-298-0142 to order or to discuss any questions you may have.custom sizes and design changes are available, at an additional cost, and may require more time.
                            email : steve@voorheescraftsman.com.
                            all images & other content on this site, including, but not limited to, logos, text, and graphics is the property of voorhees craftsman antiques / voorhees craftsman workshops and is protected by united states copyright laws. 







