








currency forecast - forex advisory services | kshitij.com
























toggle navigation










premium services 

morning briefing
daily rupee update
daily forecasts

long-term forecasts

forecasts overview
dollar rupee forecasts
crude oil forecasts
us treasury forecasts
euro-dollar forecasts




hedging


brave forecasts. braver accountability.
hedging policy. we tell you what works.
kshitij hedging method (khm)
want to improve? measure your neer.
hedging without forecasts is blind
a 12-month forecast is more reliable
a natural hedge can lose you money
options are not worth their cost
it has been cheaper to leave imports open
kshitij imports are cheaper than open imports even
systematic is better than discretionary
khm measures both actual and opportunity profit and loss
kshitij hedging method (khm) is the secret of forex wellness
fx retail





free services 

economic calendar
graph gallery
colour of money
currency data
converter


testimonials

our company 

about us
our team
our advisors


contact us


follow kshitij                   
            
























❮
❯







morning briefing
graph gallery
colour of money
economic calendar









currency forecast
specialized in longterm currency forecasts with expertise in usdinr backed with a strong performance history. check out
our forecasting track record



dollar-rupee forecasts: quarterly, monthly (with a unique benchmark), twice daily major currencies, emerging market currencies
free 15-day trial
                










hedging advice
personalised consulting, currency forecasts and advise for corporations, fund managers and individual investors.



the kshitij hedging method is a unique strategy aimed at minimizing forex loss.
see our hedging strategy performance
request a call for consultation










are you an importer/ exporter?
volatility of markets should not impact the stability of the basics of hedging! 



                    take this hedging quiz
            







                who is using kshitij?
                



                who is using kshitij?
                



















"our company has substantial exposure to forex risk. kshitij has a very structured operating procedure of hedging which they discuss with us in weekly fx review meetings giving us a clear picture as to where we stand in our covers and exposures, which is very systematic. it gives us a lot of comfort in the forex aspect of the business. - p d bagla, jt. president, dcm shriram industries ltd., new delhi"


clients | 
                    testimonials




what's new?


jan'25 dollar-rupee forecast


                        our january '25 dollar rupee quarterly forecast is now available. to order a  paid copy, please click here and take a trial of our service.

feb'25 eurusd forecast


          in our jan-25 edition (18-jan-25, eurusd @ 1.0287), we expected the euro to come down towards parity by mar-25 while below 1.0450 and then rise to 1.06 by dec-25. in actuality, the eurusd stayed above 1.025 and rose to 1.0534 ...
                click to view

feb'25 us treasury forecast


             assuming greater chances of a slowdown rather than a recession, we project the us10yr to rise towards 5.25% (may-25), followed by a dip towards 4.55% (jul-25) and then another rise back towards ...
                click to view

feb'25 crude oil forecast


          in our last report (10-jan-25, brent $76.95), we expected brent to remain between $80-60 region with an initial test of $80 in jan-25 itself before falling to $60 by jun-25. thereafter the price was expected to rise slowly in the second half of the year. brent rose to a high of $82.63, past our range top of $80, but has fallen back below $80 from there. ... click to view












indian rupee market |
                        long-term forecasts | 
                        economic calendar | 
                        graph gallery | 
                        colour of money | 
                
                    free data | 
                    testimonials | 
                    about us | 
                    contact | 
                    site map




                copyright © 2024 kshitij. all rights reserved.
            













