

making wills/writing wills (uk) - england and scotland -
iht avoiding inheritance tax, discretionary trusts

















 making english
wills, scottish wills
service, welsh (uk) wills. making a will. how to make a will,
information on iht. making wills online, how to
make online diy wills, writing and
avoiding inheritance tax service plus
power of
attorney.
wills can be an emotive subject. this uk based will service
site was conceived to answer the many questions people have about
making a will or writing english, welsh or scottish wills. if you
subsequently decide that you need a qualified willwriter to help with
will writing services, we can put you in touch with a local, qualified
uk wills consultant. we currently have will writers in 89% of uk postal
districts, either listed by advert or on our national database. avoiding inheritance tax
(iht) is now an important part of estate
planning; we can also provide important advice on this matter, as well
as writing discretionary will trust clauses.









  
 


 wills advice (uk) |
freephone 0800 018 0670
brown street ::
tulliemet :: pitlochry :: perthshire :: ph9 0ny

 




















wills can be an emotive subject. this uk based
will service site was conceived to answer the many questions people
have about making a will or writing scottish, english or welsh wills.
if you subsequently decide that you need a qualified will writer to
help with will writing services, we can normally put you in touch with
a local, qualified wills consultant. currently we have will writers in
the majority of uk postal districts listed on our database.
all consultants offer a cost-effective wills
service at your home
or office; alternatively, we can offer wills by post
or online wills (with full support), or if you prefer we can take your
instruction in a telephone
interview. additionally, we can help if you
are the executor of a will and are looking for help.
we aim to offer an independent nationwide service from our database of
consultants whom we insist are members of a recognised professional
will writing and estate planning association.
as will writers and estate planning consultants
many of our clients wish to create wills using discretionary
trusts. there are various styles of
discretionary trusts all of which are a very important part of estate
planning. these trusts can protect assets in the event of remarriage or
for children of a previous marriage etc. we also prepare wills to
protect property against long term care fees.
click on fees
to see our charges at this time.
of at least equal importance to a will are
continuing and welfare scottish powers of attorney.
consideration should be given whilst still in good health, the
consequence of becoming incapable and being unable to administer our
own personal and business affairs. extensive information can be found
at poa.
in these changing times the attitude of the
population has led to an increase in disputes by families over a
deceased’s will and hence the expression the “vulture syndrome”
has evolved.
as part of our service to solicitors, other will
writers and will writing companies we have developed will drafting
software for scotland. branded as scottish
willmaker, solicitors and other companies have
welcomed it as a unique way of producing even the most complex of
wills, along with evacuation of special destination documents, living
wills, powers of attorney and associated letters of correspondence. see
our sister site at www.lssl.org.uk
thank you for visiting. if you find this site
useful, please recommend
us to a friend! 






 






 






 
click here
to see if we have a wills consultant within your postal area
 
 














 

a member of

and estate planning practitioners

 




 










search for wills
advice | do i need a will?
| faq's about wills | privacy | disclaimer | sitemap
| home | site
credits
making
online wills (england) | making
online wills (scotland)








 
web site & hosting by zincweb
internet 2002






