


rowanette blog ring




















    
	rowanette blog ring
	
  






tuesday, march 27, 2007



	 
	 exchange 2007 is up!
	 
    


for the 6th year running, another rowan exchange, this time, celebrating, all the seasons. i've tried to explain all about the knitting exchange here.here are the timelines:27 march - 24 april - gather participants4-8 may - exchange moms send notification of theperson that you will be knitting for9 may -11 july - knit12 july - send out thingies.please logon to the rowan boards for more details.here's a link to members with blogs, joining in. you don't have to have a blog to join in.knitting and threatre - antoniathe silver spider presents  - arianwenghostknitter - chrissieknitless to life - isobelminxxys world  - minxxyknittiotherapy suewye sue knits  - wye sue... and all that stash  - yvonne



posted by alltangledup at 3:31 pm
1 comments






saturday, june 24, 2006



	 
	 if you're joining the ring
	 
    


for new joiners, please don't forget to add the ring code. there are several blogs sitting in the queue that are still missing the codes. i have emailed them to the addresses that have registered.in the meantime, you must visit these new blogs that i have just added today. both are uk based :tusa of knitplosion is working away on loll while cheering on england andcarol of mad for knit has started a christmas stockingand  skumring, a danish blog written in english and get this, there's a lot of lacing happening here.anf if you're up for a contest, visit joanne. she's offering an opportunity to win fair isling on blue moon by the people that brought you socks that rock. contest open until june 30th! good luck



posted by alltangledup at 3:38 am
1 comments






friday, march 31, 2006



	 
	 exchange 2006 is up!
	 
    


the 2006 exchange details are posted!  the theme this year is home and hearth.  details are listed on the rowan knitting exchange forum accessible to members.there's also going to be a recipe exchange this yearyou can participate in either, both or none but i'm hoping to hear from you!xo p



posted by alltangledup at 12:41 am
0 comments






saturday, march 12, 2005



	 
	 let's get together
	 
    


it suddenly seemed like a good idea to set up an rowanette blog ring. i mean why not, i spend all my time trying to keep track of them all.just a few rules (for now).1. blog ring for rowanettes. it's mostly knitting but can be other stuff too (gardening, cooking, etc). as long as there is no objectional material, it's cool. what do i mean by objectional? not sure, but when i see it, i'll know.2. blog can be in any language.3. active blogs only. blog must be updated regularly. by regularly, i mean at least once a month. blogs not updated after 2 months will be banished.4.  please feel free to design another button for the ring, if it please you.  i'm all for creativity and i know that the current button isn't all inspiring.



posted by alltangledup at 3:44 pm
2 comments











about me

name:  alltangledup 

view my complete profile

links

google news




rowanette blog ring
join | 
list | 
previous | 
next | 
random |
previous 5 | 
next 5 | 
skip previous | 
skip next
powered by ringsurf



edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

exchange 2007 is up!
if you're joining the ring
exchange 2006 is up!
let's get together

archives

march 2005
march 2006
june 2006
march 2007









 



