

















our cooperative | burnett dairy














      skip to main content
    














 

main navigation


ourcooperative


our history


co-op services


agronomy


animal nutrition


grain


cash bids


energy


patron login




propane


board of directors


our retail stores


awards


contact us


news




burnett dairyfoodservice


burnettcheeses


burnett dairy


cady creek farms


wood river creamery


fancy brand


where to buy


burnett dairy pizza




deliciousrecipes


onlinestore


searchcareers


scholarshipsdonations


upcomingevents







 


 







our cooperative
burnett dairy cooperative is a farmer-owned cooperative based near grantsburg, wisconsin. founded in 1896, we are one of the few remaining full-service cooperatives producing cheese today. with the guidance of our wisconsin master cheesemaker®, our award-winning cheeses are masterfully made™ with inventive flavors and inspired quality for retail, deli, foodservice and private-label customers.

many of our retail cheese products are sold in grocery stores throughout the united states, online at shop.burnettdairy.com, and at our retail cheese store & bistro in grantsburg, wis., and cady cheese in wilson, wis.

burnett dairy cooperative provides farmers with a full range of agricultural services needed for farm management. we provide agronomy services, fuels, grain, feed, animal health and nutrition services, and a general store with farm supplies.
 



 



our history

take a look at how we got started




 



co-op services

we have a full range of agricultural services needed for farm management




 



propane

propane services for homeowners and businesses




 



our retail stores

come visit us




 



awards

we humbly thank them.




 



news

see what's new at burnett dairy cooperative




 



contact us




















artisan cheeses delivered to your doorstep
our cheesemakers work hard to ensure you can enjoy the highest quality cheeses. now, order online and we’ll bring them right to your door.

shop now









social media


facebook


instagram


youtube




footer menu


careers


donations/scholarships


privacy policy


terms / services


contact us




© 2023 burnett dairy. all rights reserved. 11631 state rd 70, grantsburg, wi 54840 | usa | 1-800-854-2716













