



port orange .com




















 
















 home
sponsors

	  coming soon

local info

	  weather
	  maps
	  real estate
	  schools
	  demographics
	  history

recreation

	  ymca
	  hollywood theaters
	  golf and go karts
	  local golf courses
	  parks
	  cracker creek
	  
shopping

	  pavilion
	  large retailers
	  flea markets

events

	  family days
	  concerts
	  christmas parade

public services
	  city center
	  library
	  urgent care
	  police
	  fire and rescue












port orange
is located about halfway down the east coast of florida, 115 miles south of jacksonville and 60 miles north of the kennedy space center. it is adjacent to south daytona, spruce creek and daytona beach shores. with approximately 53,000 residents, port orange is a beautiful city with balmy year-round temperatures and a wide variety of recreational, business and entertainment opportunities, making it one of the most popular areas of the country. the town’s motto is “unique by choice, not by chance,” and it’s recognized statewide for its high quality of life. the city of port orange is considered part of the south daytona metro area where the palm trees, blue skies and lush foliage combine to create an appealing laid-back, tropical atmosphere. the town was established in 1867 along the banks of the halifax river and maintained a relatively stable population for over a century. in the mid-1970s, dunlawton avenue was extended from the fec railroad to interstate 95, and port orange began to blossom into the thriving community it is today. however, even as it grew into a large metropolitan community, the city managed to retain its resort-like character and hometown appeal. the city of port orange encompasses 26.5 square miles and is made up of 150 distinct “neighborhoods.” the city’s aggressive commercial and industrial development policies have resulted in vibrant shopping and professional facilities along the major roadways, with an easy commute to the quiet, tree-lined neighborhoods that are situated away from the hustle and bustle. port orange is known as being a leader in community design, growth management, environmental protection and public services. careful planning has allowed the city to grow yet has not compromised the natural beauty of the area. 
port orange has a stable and successful business climate, excellent public and private schools, easy access to five colleges and top-notch health care facilities. the town also holds the lowest per capita crime rate in volusia county and has a nationally recognized fire and rescue department. in addition, the myriad recreational activities create an exceptional environment for families to live, work and play. the city of port orange offers diverse opportunities for waterfront relaxation and recreation, abundant shopping and fine dining. there are ten shopping centers and more than fifty restaurants in town, and a historic town center provides a river walk and natural park area. also, port orange is near the confluence of two major interstate highways that provide quick, easy access to the third largest consumer region in the nation. port orange also has one of the strongest housing markets in volusia county, with the majority of homes in the city being less than 25 years old. you can find something for everyone’s taste and budget, from modest homes in safe neighborhoods to custom, luxury estates in gated communities. with a small town feel but a progressive spirit, port orange makes an ideal place for anyone to call “home.” 






 



 




 







 
     











port orange .com



©1997-2025 all rights reserved








