






la academia language and tutoring services









































































home

about us
the la academia team
working with us
testimonials
translation/interpreting


classes timetable
classes for adults

language classes
business language training
learn any language remotely


children’s classes

children’s language classes
primary school tuition
language classes for nursery schools
mfl for primary schools
multicultural days for schools
case studies


gcse and a-level tuition
efl & languages 4 football

english homestays in manchester
football and sports


news
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 














learn a language
and core subject tuition







adults group classes timetable 



children’s lessons & schools



english as a foreign language



football and sports



tuition for core subjects 








welcome to la academia








la academia is a language school and tuition centre just south of manchester, offering expert tuition in french, spanish, chinese, italian, arabic, and all other languages, along with gcse and a-level core subjects, to businesses and individuals of all ages.
we tutor all core gcse subjects, including english, maths, and the sciences, with qualified and experienced professionals who are dedicated to helping you succeed. additionally, we offer language and core subject courses tailored for home-schooled children, as well as industry-focused language courses designed specifically for the football industry.
in addition to our language and academic offerings, we provide tuition in core school subjects, and our classes cater to all levels – from beginner to advanced. we are passionate about teaching and learning, and our aim is to make your educational journey enjoyable and successful.
la academia was established in 2003 and is a family-run business. as linguists ourselves, we understand that learning a language is a labour of love, and we are committed to working hard to help you reach your goals.
you may be a school or nursery looking for french, spanish, or chinese after-school clubs, or for curriculum-based mfl classes for your pupils. you may represent an organisation in need of business language courses for staff working with international clients. alternatively, you might be an individual or a group of friends seeking evening or daytime classes in languages like italian, spanish, french, or chinese – whether for travel, professional development, or personal enrichment.



ace your gcse & a-level exams with expert tuition!



specialised classes in languages & core subjects: math, english, science, and more!









gift vouchers
we are pleased to offer gift vouchers as christmas and new year presents.

subscribe
to our newsletter






email address *




subscribe






subscribe now and receive educational materials, new courses, interesting posts, popular books and much more!







languages for children
our fun, informative and interactive classes are the perfect way for children to boost their confidence and take the first steps towards learning a foreign language. 





gcse and a-level support
la academia helps many students to achieve success in their language exams, preparing them with focused and effective teaching in spanish, french, italian and many other languages.





languages for business
whatever language you want to learn, la academia can help you! we offer you a range of languages and classes, from beginners to advanced, group classes to one-on-one.







sport language support
we work with sports clubs of national and international renown, including tennis, football and rugby. english tends to be the lingua franca for many high ranking sports clubs.





english as a foreign language
many local businesses send their overseas staff to us to learn english skills, or ask us to run efl classes in-house for them. we also teach english to individuals who are living in the uk, but whose native language is not english.













chinese classes

chinese is the most widely spoken language in the world. our chinese classes will help you to converse at beginner level, and we hope also to offer intermediate chinese classes in the near future, as the number of graduates from our beginner chinese classes increases. please call for full details! 0161 491 1444

learn more





french classes

french is the language of romance. it is also spoken by more than 300 million people worldwide, so it is one of the most important languages to learn. however, many of our students are studying for enjoyment, to improve their french for holidays or to acquire a new life skill. please call for full details! 0161 491 1444

learn more





portugese classes

portuguese is the official language of brazil as well as portugal, in fact são paulo, brazil, has more portuguese language speakers than any other in the world. whatever your reasons to learn portuguese, there is no time like the present. please call for full details! 0161 491 1444

learn more







spanish classes

at la academia in south manchester, we have teachers from south america as well as spain, so we are able to explain the differing cultures as well as the variations in the spanish language in our classes. we offer a range of spanish classes, from  beginner to intermediate or advanced level. please call for full details! 0161 491 1444

learn more





italian classes

italian is the mother tongue of nearly 60 million people in the eu (13% of the eu population), and a further 14 million people speak italian as a second language. adding in italian speakers in non-eu countries brings the total worldwide up to more than 85 million. please call for full details! 0161 491 1444

learn more





efl classes

not only do we help people learn any language from across the world, but we also provide comprehensive training in english as a foreign language (efl). we’ve worked with international sports stars new to the uk, business people on secondment and non-english speaking students. please call for full details! 0161 491 1444

learn more













new students
join every week
we have dozens of students who joinus every week!

apply now






testimonials









sophie ellis-colman 
my husband and i have for many years desired a different way of life to the hamster wheel we feel that we are on in the uk. france became the focus of our search and we set out to france to view properties. we fell in love with many during our search but it was the last house that grabbed both of us completely. as we drove into the drive we looked at each other and said “this is the one”. we realised that we needed to start to learn french without delay and so we contacted la academia to look at having private french lessons. la academia was recommended to us by my mother who has been attending spanish classes there. the lessons have been fantastic we are confident at being able to communicate the basics when we arrive in early january. thank you very much to allyson and la academia for your help!

my husband and i have for many years desired a different way of life to the hamster wheel we feel that we are on in the uk. france became the focus of our search and we set out to france to view properties. we fell in love with many during our search but it was the last house that grabbed both of us completely. as we drove into the drive we looked at each other and said “this is the one”. we realised that we needed to start to learn french without delay and so we contacted la academia to look at having private french lessons. la academia was recommended to us by my mother who has been attending spanish classes there. the lessons have been fantastic we are confident at being able to communicate the basics when we arrive in early january. thank you very much to allyson and la academia for your help! 





andy brown 
been coming to la academia to learn spanish for a number of years, they are a friendly and professional team and make learning easy. i have never kept up with a hobby for so long because it doesn’t feel like a chore. i thoroughly recommend them . gracias a todo.

been coming to la academia to learn spanish for a number of years, they are a friendly and professional team and make learning easy. i have never kept up with a hobby for so long because it doesn’t feel like a chore. i thoroughly recommend them . gracias a todo. 





gemma edwards 
la academia is the best language school in the area, they made me feel very welcome and i have made some good friends along the way. tannia is an amazing spanish teacher and everything is so clear and easy to understand. if you are thinking of learning a language, give it a go, you won’t regret it!

la academia is the best language school in the area, they made me feel very welcome and i have made some good friends along the way. tannia is an amazing spanish teacher and everything is so clear and easy to understand. if you are thinking of learning a language, give it a go, you won’t regret it! 





martin lowe 
my daughter has been learning spanish with silvi for 8 years. silvi always makes the lessons fun and my daughter’s development has been phenomenal. she recently worked on a gcse mock exam, several years before she will be taking her gcse’s in school and i was in awe of how well she did. silvi, ruben and all the staff are so friendly and welcoming, i couldn’t recommend la academia highly enough!

my daughter has been learning spanish with silvi for 8 years. silvi always makes the lessons fun and my daughter’s development has been phenomenal. she recently worked on a gcse mock exam, several years before she will be taking her gcse’s in school and i was in awe of how well she did. silvi, ruben and all the staff are so friendly and welcoming, i couldn’t recommend la academia highly enough! 





nadine khanzadeh 
my son had english tutoring with jessica at la academia. she was wonderful. la academia made it so easy. located in cheadle village so easy access. times that suited my son as he gets home late from school. jessica really helped my son understand gcse english and covered things that he was struggling with. i would 100% use la academia again for my other other children. thank you.

my son had english tutoring with jessica at la academia. she was wonderful. la academia made it so easy. located in cheadle village so easy access. times that suited my son as he gets home late from school. jessica really helped my son understand gcse english and covered things that he was struggling with. i would 100% use la academia again for my other other children. thank you. 





micheáilín nic dáibhí 
this is my 5th week now of learning spanish with alvaro. i am loving it and have signed up for my next set of lessons. patience is the key word when learning, and that is received by the bucketful. great value for money and enjoyable learning. great to be doing something fun while learning at the same time.

this is my 5th week now of learning spanish with alvaro. i am loving it and have signed up for my next set of lessons. patience is the key word when learning, and that is received by the bucketful. great value for money and enjoyable learning. great to be doing something fun while learning at the same time. 





rob hughes 
after i took early retirement i decided to learn another language and enrolled in spanish classes at la academia purely based on location. i must say how pleased i have been with our teacher, sonia murillo, and the overall learning experience. i have made some new friends in the classes and sonia makes every lesson informative and fun. my wife and i are going to costa rica and ecuador next february and i can’t wait to practice my new skills.

after i took early retirement i decided to learn another language and enrolled in spanish classes at la academia purely based on location. i must say how pleased i have been with our teacher, sonia murillo, and the overall learning experience. i have made some new friends in the classes and sonia makes every lesson informative and fun. my wife and i are going to costa rica and ecuador next february and i can’t wait to practice my new skills. 





owen carroll 
our business operates in a number of different territories, with complex contractual agreements being sent from one supplier to another in a variety of languages. it’s essential that we have a firm grasp on every aspect of the supply chain, which is where la academia stepped in. without its translation and interpreting service, our business would be extremely disjointed and unable to do business quickly and efficiently. we know we can rely on la academia to translate lengthy and complex documents that help us do business across the world in a streamlined and cost-effective way.

our business operates in a number of different territories, with complex contractual agreements being sent from one supplier to another in a variety of languages. it’s essential that we have a firm grasp on every aspect of the supply chain, which is where la academia stepped in. without its translation and interpreting service, our business would be extremely disjointed and unable to do business quickly and efficiently. we know we can rely on la academia to translate lengthy and complex documents that help us do business across the world in a streamlined and cost-effective way. 





steven newsham 
we set up a subsidiary in germany two years ago. we were a little apprehensive to begin with as none of the team spoke the language. whilst we knew that many of our business partners spoke excellent english, we wanted to stand out from the crowd and make a real impression on the local market. we enrolled the entire team on a course at la academia and within a short space of time we were able to speak to colleagues and clients in a confident way. the business is going from strength-to-strength and much of that is down to our new-found ability to speak the language. the courses really captured our imagination and made it extremely rewarding to learn a new language – even at the age of 43!

we set up a subsidiary in germany two years ago. we were a little apprehensive to begin with as none of the team spoke the language. whilst we knew that many of our business partners spoke excellent english, we wanted to stand out from the crowd and make a real impression on the local market. we enrolled the entire team on a course at la academia and within a short space of time we were able to speak to colleagues and clients in a confident way. the business is going from strength-to-strength and much of that is down to our new-found ability to speak the language. the courses really captured our imagination and made it extremely rewarding to learn a new language – even at the age of 43! 





katarina pypina, 29 
i came to the uk only knowing a few words of english. i struggled, not only to fit into my role at work, but also to settle into the way of life. after completing a course at la academia, my life just turned around. the teachers made me feel extremely relaxed and made sure that every part of the course was fun and engaging. five years on and i feel like i’ve been speaking english for my entire life!

i came to the uk only knowing a few words of english. i struggled, not only to fit into my role at work, but also to settle into the way of life. after completing a course at la academia, my life just turned around. the teachers made me feel extremely relaxed and made sure that every part of the course was fun and engaging. five years on and i feel like i’ve been speaking english for my entire life! 





anthony burn 
i was seconded to china last year, as part of ambitious expansion plans into the far east. i desperately wanted to learn the language and acclimatize myself with their way of life. after initially feeling slightly overwhelmed and nervous, la academia not only helped me grasp the language, but also helped me to understand the chinese culture. twelve months in and i’m loving every minute – i feel confident in my job and i’m embracing every bit of life overseas. it’s all thanks to la academia.

i was seconded to china last year, as part of ambitious expansion plans into the far east. i desperately wanted to learn the language and acclimatize myself with their way of life. after initially feeling slightly overwhelmed and nervous, la academia not only helped me grasp the language, but also helped me to understand the chinese culture. twelve months in and i’m loving every minute – i feel confident in my job and i’m embracing every bit of life overseas. it’s all thanks to la academia. 












latest news
stay up to date with la academia





what if we told you bread makes it more challenging to learn english?

non-natives wanting to learn english beware, because you’re up against an enemy in plain sight! there’s nothing more...



















la academia – wins language school of the year










translation services
looking for translation and interpreting? our sister company accutranslate offers a full range of translation and interpreting services.















followfollowfollow






visit us
rectory court, 13a wilmslow rdcheadle sk8 1dw








email us
info@laacademia.co.uk








call us
0161 491 1444






 










terms and conditions | privacy policy | sitemap


website design and hosting by kyanite 



 

 
 
 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsview privacy statementacceptprivacy statement




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 











save & accept










 







































