



wisdom ministries, dr. nasir siddiki





home • wisdom ministries online















		you currently have javascript disabled. javascript is required to view some elements of this website. click here to learn how to enable javascript.
	

click to watch the live stream in progress...



				home


about us

dr. nasir's bio

our vision

wisdom university


knowing jesus



wisdom churches

wisdom church of houston

wisdom church of richmond

wisdom church of youngstown
wisdom church of san antonio
wisdom church of manilla



media

sermon library
tv listings
free teachings


facebook
twitter
pinterest
conferences













meetings

wisdom conferences
dr. siddiki's itinerary


register



store

featured offers
cds
books
mp3s
dvds



store

featured offers
cds
books
mp3s
dvds



giving

partners



wisdom university

learn more
pastoral scholarship program























left to die
"in a few hours, he'll be dead," the doctor said. "if by some miracle he lives, he'll probably be blind in his right eye, deaf in his right ear, paralyzed on his right side and he may be severely brain damaged from the high fever."click here to watch the amazing testimony of how god healed dr. nasir siddiki.





featured series
"god has a plan for my life and i must discover it."call 1-888-947-3660 or click here to order online now!


wisdom university
click here for more information.

















left to die
"in a few hours, he'll be dead," the doctor said. "if by some miracle he lives, he'll probably be blind in his right eye, deaf in his right ear, paralyzed on his right side and he may be severely brain damaged from the high fever."click here to watch the amazing testimony of how god healed dr. nasir siddiki.





featured series
"god has a plan for my life and i must discover it."call 1-888-947-3660 or click here to order online now!


wisdom university
click here for more information.







upcoming meetings








click here for more upcoming meetings




dr. nasir siddiki
		dr. nasir siddiki is a nationally acclaimed minister, speaker, and business leader who is well-known for teaching on biblical principles of success and financial increase. 

		during his more than twenty-five years of combined marketing and management experience, dr. siddiki directed several new companies to multi-million dollar success stories.

		even more extraordinary was the miracle he experienced after being diagnosed with the worst case of shingles ever admitted to toronto general hospital.  at the age of 34, born into a muslim family, the doctors had given up on him.  they had determined that his immune system had shut down; with 107.6 degree temperature, his body had stopped fighting...  
click here to read more.






















wisdom university
		are you looking to further your knowledge of the word of god? would you like to receive college credits while you study the bible? consider attending wisdom university online and starting or finishing your undergraduate, graduate or doctoral degree at your convenience, and at a reasonable cost.
		
		many years ago god placed in my heart the desire to establish an accredited university, one that would teach nothing but the uncompromised word of god. that vision has been fulfilled! now you can take courses that are 100% word of god. let your life be transformed and prepare to reach your world with the saving knowledge of jesus christ! get started today!
http://www.wisdomuniversityonline.org




 





contact us
			(918) 712-7122
			fax: (918) 712-8807
			drnsiddiki@wisdomministries.org

the wisdom center
			2748 east 15th st
			tulsa, ok 74104
			
mailing address
			p.o. box 4700
			tulsa, ok 74159
		


follow us



























site navigation
home
dr. nasir siddiki's bio

our vision
meeting information
dr. siddiki's itinerary

conference registration



 
live streaming
media login
tv info
partnership info
partnership registration
do you know jesus?
online giving
praise report
prayer request



online store
store home
featured offers
free videos
free magazine
mp3
cd
dvd
books
your account & orders
customer service




			©2014 wisdom ministries. all rights reserved.
			website by math nerd productions, llc. ©2009-2014 math nerd productions, llc. all rights reserved.
		



