



ruyasonic - radio play resources plus scripts, scores and sound design - tony palermo




























[home] [christmas 
plays ] [scary 
plays ] [all my scripts] 
[radio play how-to info] [sound 
effects info] [contact 
us] 





	
last updated: january 13, 2025






radio-play scripts, sound effects, 'how to' info 
tony palermo's ruyasonic - radio drama resources - sparx audio adventures



  
	    
	


by 
anthony e. palermo - radio playwright, sound effects artist, composer
 



						 





i am a radio and stage playwright who employs voice, music, and sound 
effects to create worlds before your very ears. i'm a seasoned (holiday-seasoned!) radio drama performer and educator who hosts this 
information-rich website to share the craft and joy of telling stories via sound. 

i have been doing radio plays  professionally for over 25 years--over 2500 
shows--including for  
public radio, audiobooks, theaters, museums, schools 
and colleges across the world. i'm also known for my sparx audio adventure 
educational presentations. while i live in 
los angeles california, i travel far and wide to perform and teach. 

this 
ruyasonic radio play resources website is one of the most extensive collections 
of do-it-yourself information regarding radio drama and sound effects to be 
found on the internet. btw: ruya means "dream" and this site seeks to deliver 
dreams via sonic artistry.

please note that the scripts, music, and sound design packages featured here are available 
for to license for performances. 

and now, on with the show...
 




 radio play how to's : write, direct, produce, stage, score, engineer and make sound effects
 free downloads of radio play script template, 
	demo scripts, and mp3 tracks
 radio play scripts, music tracks and sound 
	design tracks for sale





-- scripts and 
materials available to license for 2025 productions --


'christmas carol' scripts for radio, stage, and 
remote productions - with pre-recorded music & sound effects


'christmas carol' radio drama script, music & sound effects tracks

'christmas carol' stage-play script, music & sound effects tracks

'christmas carol' one-man-show script and music tracks

'christmas carol' music & sound effects tracks for use with any version of scrooge's story
'auntie scrooge - a backwards christmas carol' radio drama script music & sound effects tracks

a comic, modern "sequel" to dickens' 
	  christmas carol with a largely female cast. 
	  click the link for synopsis and more info.


'it's a wonderful life!' scripts for radio, stage, and 
remote productions - with pre-recorded music & sound effects


'it's a wonderful life!' - radio drama scripts for on-stage or broadcast
'it's a wonderful life!' - stage-play script
'wonderful life!' - pre-recorded music & sound effect tracks — useful for any version of 
	the wonderful life story


christmas 'nativity play' scripts for radio, 
remote, church, pageant, 
and stage productions

 'the nativity play' radio drama script & sound effects tracks 
 'the nativity play' stage-play script & sound effects tracks
 'the nativity play' pageant scripts - narration-only or with dialogue


'the headless horseman of sleepy hollow' scripts for 
radio, remote, and stage productions

 'the headless horseman of sleepy hollow' radio script, music & sound effects tracks
 'the headless horseman of sleepy hollow' stage-play script, music & sound effects tracks
 


 
other radio drama-related features at ruyasonic

 sparx's audio adventure educational assembly presentations on the power of sound effects and storytelling 
 tony's recent radio activities (no longer updated)
 ruyasonic.com faq - information about this website












tony palermo is a radio playwright, 
	professional sound effects artist, radio director, composer, and educator 
	based in los angeles, california.
[produce tony's plays] 
	[hire tony]
a ruyasonic publication. [about 
	us] [contact us] [privacy 
	policy] 
all contents copyright © 1996-2025 
	by anthony e. palermo. all rights reserved.  
for website issues, contact:
	
	webmistress@ruyasonic.com 


