





strategic results

























































		skip to content


strategic results








 










menu

 


services
contracts
clients
about us
careers

















 









innovative strategiesand solutions for  



client success 



services and solutions that drive transformation and build capacity by bringing together the technologies and capabilities needed to help organizations grow and thrive. 


















create. connect. deliver. 











strategic results delivers integrated services and solutions that exceed customer expectations through extensive domain knowledge, effective processes, emphasis on innovation, and our talented, experienced team. 


















what we do 















 



technical support
 and assistance 











we help government agencies assess current operations issues to increase efficiency and effectiveness. 



– return to work/lease consolidation– acquisition services– training and simulation– project management services– program portfolio management 














 



marketing and 
 communications 











offering critical core communication strategies to serve today’s public sector clients. 



– communication services – strategic planning – web development and design – cross-channel marketing planning and execution– full-service writing, editing, and graphic design 














 



information 
 technology 











harnessing the power of data and fostering innovation to create a competitive advantage for clients. 



– data services – big data analysis – statistical design, research, and analysis – public data source integration – dynamic visualization and reporting – data dashboard design 

















learn more about our services






















industry perspectives 















 







safety case book 



our flight safety experts share stories and their experiences to promote flight safety awareness. 






learn more






















 







return to work 



as the covid-19 pandemic drives profound shifts, agencies have the opportunity to return to work by designing the future of work, building on the lessons and practices their organizations executed during the crisis and consolidating leased space. 






learn more

































alliances & partners 











no challenge is out of reach, we extend our expertise through a network of market leaders and innovators. 






view our partners






















contact us 



info@strategicresults.com240 477 5097 strategic results 9711 washingtonian blvd, ste 550gaithersburg, md 20878 






linkedin
 

















our services 



project management servicesacquisition servicestraining servicesdata servicescommunication servicesreturn to work, lease consolidation 














quick links 



contractsservicesabout uscareers 







certifications 



 










 







copyright © 2025 strategic results | read our privacy policy here. | designed and built by tiny oak studio, llc
 
























