



 the history of essiac and rene m. caisse, canada's nurse






















 
who is rene caisse?
  nurse rene caisse helped hundreds, but who was this woman? 
 

what is essiac?an ancient canadian ojibway indian herbal formula is being recognized by many worldwide... 


 
helping patients
  at her clinic in bracebridge, ontario, canada, people came from everywhere to see rene m caisse... 
 

challenging the establishmentit took a determined woman to stare down the legions of medical and government bureaucrats that wanted to shut down her clinic... 


 
essiac today
  rene caisse and her clinic have long since passed, and essiac continues to be used by thousands even today. find out more... 
 

information on essiacif you would like to receive more information on the original essiac and nurse rene m caisse please subscribe to our newsletter. a $20* off coupon is included for your first order. 




tru-pine475 years of canadian pine bark history rediscovered

essiac/tru-pinefor pets



special media presentation "a tribute to nurse rene caisse"dial-up downloadbroadband downloadto view this movie you may need to install windows media player 

tru-pine liquid extract
    the original tru-pine® is made with canadian pine




important notice 





no extensive clinical studies have been performed as yet which would provide conclusive evidence that rene caisse's herbal formula will alleviate, cure or prevent any disease or condition. the purpose of this site is to provide historical information about rene m. caisse and the history of essiac. all excerpts were taken from documented sources. this site is owned and maintained by altramed health products inc. which is an authorized user of the essiac® trademark.
      
 




*disclaimer: information and products shown are not to be used as medical advice and/ or to be used in place of medical treatment of any kind. all information and products are to be used only as a food supplement and must not be used to treat, mitigate or cure any symptom, illness or disease. altramed h.p inc. will not make any medical claims for products listed on this site. information on this site is only for public knowledge. people “know to be careful not to mix medications without consulting their doctor, pharmacist, or health care professional. they need to be just as cautious about combining supplements with their medications," “this product is not recommended for use by pregnant women, nursing mother or children” please conform to this legality.


web site owners shall require written permission from altramed h p. inc. before creating second part internet links to their sites. this is to insure that altramed h p. inc. is not connected to other web sites that are in violation with the canadian health protection board of canada and/or the united states fda. web sites refusing to remove links when asked to do so, may be subject to legal action.
 






home  |  who was rene caisse?  |  what is essiac?  |  helping patients  |  challenging the establishmentessiac today  |  information on essiac  |  questions?  |  comments?  |  awards  |  contact  |  privacy policy
 
© 2023  |  legal notice




