



home



























american romeldale / cvm association, inc.



















 










homebreeder listbreed standardsdp sponenberg articleforms & misc links
















welcome! thank you for wanting to learn more
                        about the nation's rarest and most wonderful breed!*new for january, 2024- members, please note: glm registry retired! 
                        thank you for your wonderfull service, george and lynn.   please visit associated registry and select a american
                        romeldale -cvm work order to get started on your sheep registration.     
associated registry









photo courtesy of foggy bottom boys, ferndale ca








what is a cvm? cvm stands for california varigated mutant, actually a color pattern
                        of a romeldale. this is the term used for a badger faced pattern. glen eidman, a partner of j.k. sexton, in the 60's discovered
                        in his purebred romeldale flock a multi-colored, badger faced ewe. two years later, a twin ram with the same badger face pattern
                        was born. when bred with the original ewe, the resulting off-spring were of the same badger markings. subsequent breedings
                        and additional mutations from his romeldale flock resulted in the california variegated mutant. mr. eidman spent the next
                        15 years developing these sheep. not a single replacement ewe or ram was sold, so that only the highest quality of genetics
                        were used to replace the nucleus. in 1982 the cvm flock, which numbered 75, was sold. they were dispersed among a dozen different
                        buyers throughtout california. since then, cvms have been kept purebred in only a few flocks, while in others, they have been
                        crossed with other breeds. obviously, only purebred cvms from this orignal stock can be registered. please read further through
                        our website, romeldale/cvm sheep are perhaps the best choice for small farms because they have wonderful wool, produce a good
                        carcass, and thrive in even the most extreme weather. this breed does not require a lot of heavy maintance, and they were
                        bred to be resistant to many of the problems that plague other breeds.  





photo courtesy of foggy bottom boys, ferndale ca romeldale/cvm
                        sheep are considered critically endangered by the american livestock conservancy (albc, north america).arca, inc.
                        encourages all prime breeding stock to be registered to conserve this critically endangered breed. registry eligible
                        sheep must trace direct lineage to the orginal sexton flock lines.


please
                        send 2024 membership applications to:arca, inc.c/o leah saltzman10340 tingley lnklamath falls, or 97603 $20.00 annual association adult/farm
                        dues$10.00 junior/farm membership (to 17 yrs. old)(above memberships
                        must own purebred romeldales)$10.00  associate membershipregular
                        registrations          $ 6.00lost registrations       
                                 12.00improved registrations       
                        12.00transfers                                 6.00rush fee                              
                        35.00double normal fees for non-member registrations for questions or to join or renew your membership please
                        email americanromeldale@gmail.com or mail the application and dues to american romeldale cvm association, c/o leah saltzman, 10340 tingley ln, klamath falls,
                        or 97603

































american romeldale / cvm association, inc.






























