










amphenol

































                    products
                

                    markets
                

                    businesses
                

                    sustainability
                


                        investors
                    











                enabling the electronics revolution






                amphenol is one of the world’s largest providers of high-technology interconnect, sensor and antenna solutions.our products enable the electronics revolution across virtually every end market including automotive, broadband communications, commercial aerospace, defense, industrial, information technology and data communications, mobile devices and mobile networks.

markets served












                                            automotive
                                        




                                        amphenol is a leading supplier of advanced interconnect systems, sensors and antennas for a growing array of automotive applications.
                                    















                                            broadband
                                        




                                        amphenol is a world leader in broadband communication products for cable, satellite and telecommunications video and data networks.
                                    















                                            commercial aerospace
                                        




                                        amphenol is a leading provider of high-performance interconnect systems and components to the commercial aerospace market.
                                    















                                            defense
                                        




                                        amphenol is a world leader in the design, manufacture and supply of high-performance interconnect systems for harsh environment defense applications.
                                    















                                            industrial
                                        




                                        amphenol is a leading supplier of high-performance interconnect systems, sensors and antennas for a broad range of industrial applications.
                                    















                                            it datacom
                                        




                                        amphenol is a market leader in interconnect development for the information technology (it) and datacom market, with industry-leading high-speed, power and fiber optic technologies. 
                                    















                                            mobile devices
                                        




                                        amphenol designs and manufactures an extensive range of interconnect products, antennas and electromechanical components across a wide array of mobile computing devices.
                                    















                                            mobile networks
                                        




                                        amphenol is a leading global interconnect solutions provider to the mobile networks market and offers a wide product portfolio, including antennas, connectors and interconnect systems.
                                    









featured stories











                                            we enable the electronics revolution
                                        










                                            read our 2023 sustainability report
                                        










                                            heroes of amphenol 2021
                                        























                                                we enable the electronics revolution
                                            










                                                read our 2023 sustainability report
                                            










                                                heroes of amphenol 2021
                                            








previous



next







products
amphenol is one of the world’s largest designers, manufacturers and marketers of connectors and interconnect systems, antennas solutions, sensors and high-speed cable. our connector and connector system solutions include fiber optic interconnect, harsh environment interconnect, high-speed interconnect, power interconnect, power distribution and busbars and radio frequency (rf) interconnect products. our sensors and sensor-based product solutions include gas and moisture sensors, level sensors, position sensor, pressure sensors, temperature sensors and vibration sensors. our value-added cable assemblies include cable assemblies and harnesses, cable management products and backplane interconnect systems. our cable solutions include coaxial cable, power cable and specialty cable. we also provide combiner/splitter products, flexible and rigid printed circuit boards, hinges and molded parts.
click below to see some of our product solutions. 











                                            connectors
                                        
















                                            cable assemblies
                                        
















                                            sensors
                                        
















                                            antenna solutions
                                        
















                                            power distribution
                                        
















                                            raw cable
                                        
















                                            printed circuits
                                        
















                                            accessories and other
                                        



















        for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.
        here are the 
            instructions on how to enable javascript in your web browser
        .
    







                    about amphenol
                

our company
product news
investor relations
environmental, social and governance




                    resources
                

supplier responsibility
anti-human trafficking & slavery statement
transparency in coverage files
careers




                    customer support
                

product locator
locations
contact us





                copyright 2025 amphenol corporation. all rights reserved.
            

privacy policy |
                terms of use |
                sitemap



facebook
x
linkedin
youtube












