









home - buffyguide.com





















 





episode guide : 


news bytes : 

merchandise : 

the players : 

images
quotes : 

link database : 

forums : 

extras : 

for webmasters 
about : 

mailing list : 

contact : 

site search : 

site map : 

support the site : 

faq

 















 





search btvs on amazon.com — join comixology unlimited to read btvs comics





 

















 









watch




buffy
   on amazon prime video
   on physical media
angel
   on amazon prime video
   on physical media

join amazon prime (includes unlimited streaming of thousands of other tv shows and movies.)

















search btvs on amazon.com



join comixology unlimited to read btvs comics











 










buffyguide.com

welcome to buffyguide.com, home of the complete buffy episode guide, the most detailed episode guide available. we've got loads of features besides the episode guide itself, so take your time and explore. if there's something specific you're looking for, feel free to search the site.





what's the what





anthony head in 'hereafter' on youtube
 — aug. 4, 2013 2:51 pm pdt

anthony head in 'hereafter' on youtube — you can see anthony head (giles) in a short sci-fi film called 'hereafter' free on youtube. check it out here.



nicholas brendon in 'big gay love'
 — mar. 19, 2013 5:31 pm pdt

nicholas brendon's new movie — nicholas brendon has a new movie, big gay love. the movie had a successful kickstarter campaign to raise funds to finish the film with an aim  to start the film festival circuit in summer of 2013. check out the kickstarter campaign and the trailer, or follow the facebook page.



david boreanaz on conan
 — jan. 18, 2013 12:56 pm pst

david boreanaz on conan — here's a clip from david boreanaz's recent appearance on conan, in which he explains tweeting ugly self portraits, making drunken snow angels while wearing long underwear, and how it feels to meet fans with angel tattoos. (may not be viewable in all countries.) click here to watch.



new 'spike' comic miniseries
 — june 2, 2012 4:21 pm pdt

new 'spike' miniseries from dark horse — dark horse will publish a new five-issue miniseries starring spike, beginning in august."having fought to regain his soul after falling in love with buffy summers, the once-terrifying vampire spike is now a bit less fearsome (to humans, at least). on his own adventure, spike is forced to examine the man he once was, the man he is now, and the man he still hopes to become. as master of a steampunk ship filled with loyal, oversized alien cockroaches, spike embarks on a journey to the dark side of the moon, setting into motion an adventure filled with demons, witches, and others who brew new evil in the world without magic!"you can pre-order the spike miniseries at tfaw at 20% off, and pick up all the other buffyverse comics as well.



joss whedon presents 'dr. horrible's sing-along blog'
 — july 18, 2008 7:19 pm pdt

joss whedon presents 'dr. horrible's sing-along blog' — i can't believe i almost forgot to post about this before (in fact, almost forgot to check it out myself). dr. horrible's sing-along blog, a direct-to-the-web musical from joss whedon, premiered this week. shot over six days on a shoestring budget, specifically to be "aired" on the internet, the musical comedy stars neil patrick harris, nathan fillion, and felicia day (vi from ibuffy season seven). dr. horrible began streaming online on july 15th with the debut of act i; act ii debuted on the 17th, and the final act debuts tomorrow, the 19th. all three acts will remain available through july 20th. after that, you can buy it from itunes, and later they'll be releasing a dvd full of extras. so quick, run over to drhorrible.com!



update archives
updates managed by: newspro









items of interest




btvs comics





btvs figures



















 
















this site is completely unofficial!
disclaimer & copyrights — privacy policy








 


