

















ivandoig.com web archive























searchsearch













search



searchsearch















montana state university library
archives and special collections
ivan doig archive - digital collection
ivandoig.com web archive



ivandoig.com web archive














go to ivan doig archive








 go to web archive
 




pinterest








facebook








twitter




 
 


item title  ivandoig.com web archive
producer  doig, ivan
producer  doig, carol
abstract  web archive of the website created by ivan doig and maintained by carol doig after his death to provide information about each of his sixteen published works: this house of sky: landscapes of a western mind; winter brothers: a season at the edge of america; the sea runners; english creek; dancing at the rascal fair; ride with me, mariah montana; heart earth; bucking the sun; mountain time; prairie nocturne; the whistling season; the eleventh man; work song; the bartender’s tale; sweet thunder; and last bus to wisdom. audience appears to be book groups. sections for each book include a synopsis, discussion points, and background notes. there is also "a note to readers" authored by ivan, and an "in memoriam" tribute.
genre  web archives
item format  application/warc
web archive url  https://wayback.archive-it.org/10354/20240701110358/https://ivandoig.com/
related topics
 book clubs (discussion groups)
 books
 novelists, american




more like this






ivan's & carol's letters from london
correspondent:  doig, carol
date created:  1972/1973





carol doig - diary 1973
author:  doig, carol
date created:  1972/1973





carol doig stands on overlook in glacier national park
creator:  doig, ivan
date created:  1965-09
keywords:  national parks & reserves, spouses, trees, bodies of water, lakes & ponds, rocks, mountains





preferred citation
ivandoig.com web archive, ivan doig archive - digital collection, montana state university (msu) library, bozeman, mt, https://arc.lib.montana.edu/ivan-doig/item.php?id=6651
copyright notice
whenever possible, the montana state university library provides information about copyright in our digital collections records. we often do not own the rights in materials, and as such do not grant permissions for their use. permissions and fees may be required from the individual copyright holder for uses beyond what is allowed based on u.s. copyright law (http://www.copyright.gov/fair-use/).
please attempt to determine if an item is protected by copyright and follow any copyright or use restrictions when applicable. written permission from the copyright holder is required for reproduction of protected items beyond what is allowed by fair use or other exemptions. these materials may be used for personal use, research, teaching (including distribution to classes), or any "fair use" as defined by u.s. copyright laws.
for more information please contact digital initiatives at the montana state university library or leila sterman, scholarly communication librarian.
 
 


for library collections that are not accessible, we are committed to providing reasonable accommodations and timely access to users with disabilities.for assistance, please submit an accessibility request for library material.

 
 
 



ask a question 





reserve a table
 





meet with a librarian
 





request copies
 





contribute funds
 








                                 © copyright 2025
                                 montana state university (msu) library






















more information

admissions
current students
faculty & staff
parents & family
alumni





resources

accessibility
contact list
directories
jobs
legal & privacy policy
site index





follow us

facebook twitter youtube instagram linkedin

located in bozeman, mt
for questions or comments contact the ask us desk.
 



















