





association of stained glass lamp artists

























search for:









    all images on these pages are protected by copyright. 
        all rights reserved.  asgla 1998-
        





2018 calendar preview




january
february
march
april
may
june
july
august
september
october
november
december






  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  















about 
membership
contact
board members







the association of stained glass lamp artists whose purposes is to perpetuate, improve, and promote the art and craft 
                            of stained glass lamp construction. 
the association was born in 
                            the mind of carol conti. as a teacher of the craft of stained glass, 
                            she discovered in her students a desire to go beyond glass crafting 
                            to actual "creating" using the medium of glass. she nurtured this 
                            desire, and in the process found that the creative intuitions of her 
                            compatriots blossomed into masterworks through the sharing and support 
                            that is inevitable when like-minded people form an 'association'. 
with the help and encouragement of good friends, this dream was pursued 
                            and the association of stained glass lamp artists was formed. the 
                            first meeting, in 1991, was attended by 30 lamp artists from washington 
                            state. now, in 2013, our membership includes more than 800 artists 
                            from twenty-seven countries and forty-eight states. 









membership is $10.00 per year (cash or check) or $10.30 per year (credit card). asgla membership is renewed annually (january). 
                            you will receive a membership certificate as well as a quarterly newsletters with current updates, tips, and events as well membership in the chat group (optional). 
                            for further inquiries please contact john conti at asgla@comcast.net. 
 payment options 



new membership ($10.30) by credit card, please 
                                      click this paypal button.





 



membership renewal ($10.30) by credit card, 
                                      please click this paypal button.





 



new or renewal by cash or check: please forward 
                                      the $10.00 membership fee to asgla, 5070 cromwell dr. nw. gig harbor, 
                                      wa 98335. 








association mailing address:
association of stained glass lamp artists
                            5070 cromwell dr. nw. 
                            gig harbor, 
                            wa 98335. 
email: asgla@comcast.net
webmaster:
                            john conti: asgla@comcast.net




board members
president: john conti
vice president: steve kanick
treasurer: judy kanick
secretary: steve kanick












