 



welcome to informed beauty!





   


 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





read kat james’ total health cover interview about leptin, her own health journey, and her 17 years of observational research.






leptin pioneer kat james interviewed by better nutrition 






britt beats bingeing, fertility, and thyroid disorders 

  
 
attend a total transformation® program!
 
  





 





 












gain exclusive membership access to kat james' kjs educational archives featuring more than ten years of life-changing, often hidden health news, interviews with health mavericks and inspiring transformation testimonials, and much more. click here for 2023 membership for only $69.



join kat  in 2023 at one of her amazing total transformation® programsget more details here...













view kat james' appearance on pbs
meet kat james and read about her most challenging makeover of all.
click here to see a recent newsletter and success story!




 





what's new? 

join kat july 28th for her 126th 5-day total transformation® in kalispell, mt 
join  kat now for her full curriculum teleprogram from home
 transformation news: obesity, diabetes and social anxiety resolution with jessica bayer. 
live interview: the amazing transformation of 4-yr-old caleb and his dad, timothy 
read kat's  newsletter and learn more about total transformation®
view our total transformation® program and teleprogram cancellation and refund policy here.
 


articles and success stories



biochemistry over bootcamp: kat james cover story


kat featured in total health magazine  
 


mother/daughter tropical transformation
 


articles by kat james 



jenny's menopause makeoverkat q&a: veganism and the kat james method
bedtime stories: two couples' sleep makeovers
kat answers the coffee question, q&a, and paleo coffee recipes
jackie: transformed pcos workout junkie
jon's fibromyalgia journey
jeannie: out of the bottle 
better nutrition's redo you contest winner: after suffering a heart attack a year ago, janet transformed her health and body.
mother of six regains her shape, energy, and health
grandma "gets younger" and beats type ii diabetes
purify your shower for better skin and health
 winner linda philips of myrtle beach shares her transforming experience
why grass-fed meat is good for you (and the planet!)  
the roots of disease 
why i love my vita-mix
a favorite recipe from total transformation® 
extreme alternatives:
                      natural
                      high-end skincare finds

                        talking with your doctor about alternatives 

hair 
                        today, gone tomorrow

under 
                        eye circles

more q & a: kat answers questions on makeup for rosacea, vitamin 
                        c, and perfume ingredients
better than juicing: a new detox elixir for our time 
 
   

 

      the beauty and health approaches presented here at informedbeauty.com are not offered as cures, prescriptions, diagnoses or a means of such. no attempt should be 
    made to use any of this information as a form of treatment without the approval and guidance of your doctor. informedbeauty and its publishers assume no responsibility in the correct or incorrect use of its information. 
     
    copyright © 2023 informedbeauty.com. all rights reserved. reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission is prohibited.   















 
