


homeopathy, delray beach, florida, boca raton, boynton beach, palm beach, homeopath, 










































561-562-8965
steve@homeopathy-cures.com




find answers for your problems  



select from a - g
add adhd
allergies
alzheimers disease
anxiety asperger syndrome
asthma
autism
back problems
bipolar
candida
children's behavioral problems
chronic fatigue
constipation
delayed development
depression
digestive problems
dyslexia and learning disabilities
ear infection
excessive perspiration
fear
fibromyalgia gall bladder problems
grief




select from h-z
headaches
home sickness hyperthyroidism
hypothyroidism
ibs - irritable bowel syndrome
infertility
insomnia
irritability & impatience
learning disabilities
menstrual problems
mental problems
mood swings
multiple sclerosis
osteoarthritis
pms
premature babies
rheumatoid arthritis
shyness and timidity
skin conditions
tmj problems
weight issues
workaholic













toggle navigation









home
learn more
about steve
what does it help
films
find a homeopath
more

other links
site map

























classical homeopathy in south florida













natural health care

who am i ? 
i am a double board certified classical homeopath with 43 years of experience. for more information push the button "about steve waldstein" on the top of the page.

where are you located?

i am in delray beach, florida but our patients are all over the world. if you live too far from south florida just push the button not in florida- we can still help on the bottom of the page to see how we can help you. 

what are you suffering from?
homeopathy can help with a wide variety of problems. to see how it can help with your problem, go to the pull down menu on top of the page and find the page or pages dealing with your problems.

i am a classical homeopath with 43 years of experience. i have often been able to help people who are normally considered beyond help. let me answer some of your basic questions

what is homeopathy? 



a 220 year old system of natural health care. it is based upon the principle of like cures like. that a remedy which produces symptoms in a person can cure a person with similar symptoms. over the years homeopaths have tested thousands of single natural remedies (one plant, one mineral, one animal etc.). 

each one has been given to a group of people to see what symptoms they produce in people. when you go see a homeopath we will take a long time ( 2 hours) to see what exactly bothers you, and who you are as a person (personality, likes, dislikes etc.). we will then research and compare your symptoms to those of the thousands of homeopathic remedies. we will chose the remedy that most matches your symptoms. when we chose it correctly, we will see your health improve greatly.



why do we call it classical homeopathy?
classical homeopathy is real homeopathy. classical homeopaths spend a long time discovering what needs to be cured in you. they carefully choose the one remedy which best matches you. the one that will go to the core of your being and bring health. that will strengthen your body's defense system, that will get to the root of the problem and not cover up problems. there are people who use homeopathic remedies without following these principles. classical homeopathy means those people who do homeopathy correctly. 

can you help me?
just call us at 561-562-8965. we will ask questions to see if we can help you. there is no charge for this 15 minutes phone consult.

what can homeopathy help?
classical homeopathy is beneficial in helping people with a wide variety of problems. among them are add or adhd, allergies, aspergers syndrome, asthma, autism, bipolar, candida & other yeast problems, children's behavioral problems, chronic fatigue, depression, digestive problems, dyslexia & learning disabilities, ear infections, fears or anxieties, fibromyalgia, grief, headaches and migraines, irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) or colitis, infertility, insomnia, menstrual problems, mood swings, multiple sclerosis, pms, rheumatoid arthritis, tmj problems and lots more.

p.s. used by the british royal family for generations.


















here are 3 video's to explain homeopathy.
the first is a 5 minutes brief introduction.








homeopathy: mystery of healing
this next video is a one hour documentary "homeopathy : mystery of healing" it can be rented for 1 week for $0.99 or purchased for $2.99.














an excellent new 87 minute film 
"magic pills: homeopathy promise or placebo?

rents for $1.99 or $2.99 hd or purchase for $7.99 $9.99 hd













famous people quotes
read more





what our patients say
read more





specific problems
read more





not in florida- we can still help
read more












patient portal:

patient forms
appointments & payments









 
  
  
			   copyright â© 2017 by classical homeopathy, inc | website design by pws
			





