






leading workplace well-being programs | american institute for preventive medicine – an apple a day isn't enough
























































 






















home
solutions

small business well-being
health & wellness content licensing

ondemand health library
micro learning courses
monthly wellness communication


healthylife®  coaching

tobacco & nicotine cessation
weight loss & nutrition
stress management
sleep enhancement
virtual well-being visit


health portal

health assessments
health challenges


mental health programs
virtual workshops
comprehensive wellbeing program
medical self care program
student health & well-being
onsite well-being coordinator
custom solutions


resources

catalog download
2024 mental health toolkit
movement meeting toolkit
wellness activity planner
wellness wizard report
self care roi analysis
articles
brokers
support materials
research
demo request


about

who we are
advisory board
leadership team
media
careers
speakers / presentations
events


blog
products
contact
 









homesolutions small business well-being health & wellness content licensing  ondemand health library micro learning courses monthly wellness communication  healthylife®  coaching  tobacco & nicotine cessation weight loss & nutrition stress management sleep enhancement virtual well-being visit  health portal  health assessments health challenges  mental health programs virtual workshops comprehensive wellbeing program medical self care program student health & well-being onsite well-being coordinator custom solutionsresources catalog download 2024 mental health toolkit movement meeting toolkit wellness activity planner wellness wizard report self care roi analysis articles brokers support materials research demo requestabout who we are advisory board leadership team media careers speakers / presentations eventsblogproductscontact  




home















well-being, made easysince 1983 we’ve been partnering with organizations to improve the wellbeing of their population and the culture that supports them. see howtrending resources free downloadmental health toolkitthe most useful resource you may ever download.access nownew programwell-being for small businessthe first of its kind, completely turnkey, outrageously affordable.learn morewhat makes us different?strategy & account managementwe're a customer service company that happens to know well-being better than anyone else. customization  & personalizationyou can create the program of your dreams and your population will experience it just as they should.real resultslet us show you what 40 years of incredible results looks like. learn more popular serviceswell-being portalour portal is the most flexible on the market. designed specifically for your unique organization.find out morehealth librarythe trusted content you've grown to love with a design so beautiful you may forget you're improving health.find out morecoachingwe don't just offer health coaching. we offer effective health coaching.  we've been doing it since 1983.find out more time tested client approved.what clients are saying "having worked in the wellness profession for over 25 years, i’ve learned that there are only a few companies that consistently provide quality products and services. aipm has always delivered on my program needs in a reliable and timely manner."-strategic benefit solutions, alpharetta, ga what clients are saying "quickly approaching four decades as a top box destination for all things related to health and wellness, the american institute for preventive medicine continues to be a solid, dependable and timely resource for everyday consumers and health promotion professionals alike."-blue cross and blue shield of rhode island what clients are saying "aipm exceeded our expectations in product content, quality, and effectiveness as witnessed by the numerous times we receive unsolicited positive comments from our members! "-compass rose benefits group, herndon, va what clients are saying "aipm provides some of the most respected, proven and practical wellness products currently available. their interventions are effective for all populations."-the chapman institute what clients are saying "working with the staff from aipm is like working with old friends. they have the personal touch, exceptional service, and top-quality materials. they deliver what they promise." -pinellas county schools, clearwater, fl our statistics you can join us! 0years in business 0happy clients 0lives enhanced 0mission  



















 


 

main linkssolutions
about
contact
privacy
 

usefulinformation request
catalog download
wellness activity planner
 

contact infot: (800) 345-2476
t: (248) 539-1800
f: (248) 539-1808
e: info@healthylife.com
 










 © american institute for preventive medicine





we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled 


necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.






								functional							


functional
 


functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







								performance							


performance
 


performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







								analytics							


analytics
 


analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







								advertisement							


advertisement
 


advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.







								others							


others
 


other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.













save & accept








































