

magic tricks for beginners - professionals - awesome magic tricks  - magic supply - magic shop - huge selection of magic supplies since 1966



























 



















                we love magic tricks, all magic tricks. we don't specialize in one aspect of magic because a magician should be able to find all the magic supplies  needed in one easy & convenient place.. here.



 


 





supplying awesome magic tricks to beginners & professional magicians since 1966
one order & you'll know why professionals such as david   copperfield & jeff mcbride 
                made us their magic supplies source. 

  free technical support as long as you own your abracadabra magic   tricks.
            
incredible customer service...  

 







 
 




tricks for parties/gatherings
make new friends & be the life of the party 
more...



amaze people at work
entertain & impress co-workers more...


increase earnings with magic 
                entertain your customers & clients more...




 tricks for school
impress & make new friends more...








click for more of our latest additions...




new  magic tricks




star crash
morphing prediction
magic light up bulb - extra bright - uncle fester light bulb - the addams family
transformer 


borrow a ring, you make it vanish. a crystal pendant shatters into pieces - inside is the same borrowed ring! only one ring is used. a reputation maker. more...

a playing card visibly morphs into your friend's selected card!! eye popping visual magic made easy! more...
 
the brightest magic light up bulb available! great for halloween and lots of fun at parties. our model uses a super bright led & provides a brighter light for use under normal light conditions & not just in a dimly lit room. we are the only supplier that includes instructions on how to make our bulb light up in your mouth and ear! more...
an incredible close up trick that will leave your audience floored. covering a coin with your hand for split second, it's gone. or it changes to a half dollar. vanishes/exchanges coins of any currency & metal.  more...










street magic 




click for more tricks you can perform outside...








close up magic




click for more magic tricks to perform right under their eyes!...






deck penetration
bolt of lightning

make anything vanish
bite out quarter


slam an entire deck of cards into a bottle! use almost any ordinary empty glass or plastic bottle. amazingly, impossibly, in clear view, the cards are inside the bottle!!! fully examinable! a reputation maker. more...


one of the best close-up items we've ever offered. uses an ingenious remote control principle! a bolt threaded into a nut visibly unthreads itself right on your spectator's hand!  more...



small borrowed objects vanish at your fingertips! when no one is expecting it  pick up a spoon, fork, napkin, cardborrow a ring, coin, key or watch - and make it instantly vanish at your fingertips!  more...



same effect you've seen david blaine do on tv! borrow a quarter. place it in your mouth and bite on it. you've bitten out a section with your teeth! with a blowing motion, the missing piece immediately reappears!  more... 








ghostly magic




click for more eerie & ghostly magic tricks...








fire magic




click for more fire magic tricks...






ghostly scarf
ghostly match
fire wallet 
          lowest price $24.99
vanishing lit match


the spirit is trapped inside. it escapes, right under spectators nose. 
          exclusive skull design. incredibly easy; reactions are mind blowing. carry in your pocket, do it anytime. more... 
no one else has this but us! borrow a match and make it come to life! nothing is attached to the match. happens within inches of the spectators eyes. easy to perform. really freaks people out. more...

 
you're at the cashier ready to pay. open your wallet - it bursts into flames! re-open - it's instantly filled with cash! i have money to burn! a truly startling effect. more...


friends will be blown away by this. make a lit match vanish at your fingertips! vanishes into thin air! great for use in tricks that use a match or to light a cigarette. more...

 






click for more awesome tricks beginners can do!...




beginner's magic




floating 
          silver bar
color changing 
          magic wand
color changing 
           chips
appearing   flowers


cause a silvery bar, corked tightly in a test tube to dance. floats   out of the tube into the air, hopping around between your hands. flies from one   hand to the other! do it surrounded! 
                  more...
pass your hand over this wand & it instantly changes color! quick, easy & visual. 11" length, with gold tone tips. 
                  more...
display 2 chips which are white, with black centers on both   sides. in a series of magic moves, you transform these to red & the   other blue! stack them together & separate. one   is now yellow & the other green! easy to   do, examinable, do it anytime.  more...
our large size flower bouquet which can appear from   your bare hands, favorite production item, or cloth! get   ready to wow them! bright show stopping colors that captures your audiences attention.              
more...






click for more tricks you can only find here...




exclusive magic

 


bubble bauble
eggs from mouth
dizzy dominoes
psychic forces


a dream like effect. blown bubbles transform   into solid glass!  squish the solid bubble flat! transform the flat   bubble to round again! the solid bubble is placed on your fingertips   & blown into the air! examinable.more...
produce a dozen or more   real eggs (or ping-pong balls) from your own or your volunteer's mouth! most   amazing trick ever seen!  more...


a phenomenal trick. dominoes keep   switching places, even while held in the spectator's hand! friends will be blown   away. everything is immediately examinable. carry it in your pocket &   perform it anytime.more...



manuscript reveals little known secret. performed by many well known magicians.   a mindreading efffect that appears completely impossible, using an ordinary   deck. very easy to learn. our exclusive. more...








click for more large tricks...




stage magic 




jumbo rabbit or 
          animal production die box
coin pail 
          produce coins from air!
deluxe multiplying bottles 
          set of 8


produce a large rabbit, kitten, duck, guinea pig, four doves, or   tons of silks, flowers & production items as your unbelievable climax! largest die box you've ever seen! rave customer   reviews.
              
          more...


pail shown empty. reach into the air & magically   produce an endless supply of coins! coins thrown into pail arrive   with a loud clang. walk through the audience, producing the coins from the   audience's elbows, shoes, head, nose, ears & more! always a crowd   pleaser.
          more...
lance burton performed this on national tv. he paid three times more   than our price! our bottles are superior and more entertaining than the classic "passe passe bottles", with a stunning, knock-out   climax that will make any audience break into wild applause!
more...

 






click for more of the best tricks for kid's audiences...




kid show magic 




magical cats family
fairy tale rabbit house 


exceptional kid show trick - plays for several minutes. a large wood top hat holds your magical   rabbits. one day, you found the rabbits gone & in their place three   magical cats.. as our wonderful story continues. 
more...
finest version available. your kids will shout, scream & laugh! our unique puppet feature makes kids go wild! designed by a disney schooled   professional cartoonist. see all the features here...                more... 

 






click here for more 
                accurate results
               using
                advanced search



















tell your friends
about our site
magic tricks by price



under $5 


$5 to $10 




$10 to $20 


$20 to $30 




$30 to $40 


$40 to $50 




$50 to $100


$100 & up


 





















alphabetical
          
          list of all our
          magic tricks and
          books

category list 
of all our
magic tricks
        and book
magic tricks for
          theatre,
shows & plays




_
this was my first time ordering from your company and i was impressed not only with your professionalism but your attention to customers. i run my own undercover customer service company and you would definitely receive a 5 star rating report from me. i was informed at every step where my order was, when it reached the warehouse and when it would be shipped. i especially liked that you followed up after my purchase arrived. 

                  my grandson is the budding magician and i'm glad that we found your website.

                  i will definitely order again. the photo is of my grandson who loves magic!

                  thanks for the great service,
                  joan farrell 
                  belford, nj




 
 








 







 
we love magic tricks, all magic tricks. we don't specialize in one aspect of magic because we feel magic is limitless and a magician should be able to find all the magic supplies they need in one easy and convenient place... here. we are growing. watch for lots of exciting changes in the near future to better serve you, the magic community. we've got a lot of new magic tricks up our sleeve.



gift certificates - magic kits
 




problems or suggestions with the site please contact:
                       


 

 
 
abracadabra magic
                    125 lincoln blvd
                    middlesex, nj 08846-1060   usa
                    hours: mon fri 4-6:30pm   est 
  information & directions

international customers click the



currency converter
 


here to find out costs in your currency. 
 
tel (908) 731-6785
fax (208) 988-6141




job  opportunities
shipping policies                        



click link above to send a blank 
                        email to receive dealer info




                                           © copyright 2008 umsi incorporated - reproductions forbidden







 

 



















