

















  











smith sales co. auctioneers






























































































































































login/registermenuhomeauctionsauction resultsabout ustestimonialscontact us to register or login, please use the login/register link in the upper-right of this page, or click here.25th spring fever machinery & more auctionstart timeend timepreview  / open house is the week before the auction.

we dedicate the entire week to potential buyers to inspect each item in person. enter auction »view all auctions >>welcome to smith sales co. auctioneers in miles city, mt
heavy equipment auctions • farm equipment auctions • truck auctions • estate & collectors auctions since 1994 • over 400 auctions • thousands of satisfied auction buyers & sellers • online auctions
smith sales co. auctioneers is headquartered in miles city, mt. smith sales co. has been involved with auctions of trucks, tractors, tillage equipment, haying equipment, earth moving equipment, backhoes, skid steers, semi-trucks and a host of other heavy equipment and agriculture equipment since 1994.we offer complete estate service. we offer onsite estate settlement or sell at our auction center. we enjoy selling a wide variety of estate items from coins, firearms, cars, trucks, collectables, furniture & everything else typically found in an estate. we handle the entire process from start to finish.since 1994, smith sales co. auctioneers has been involved in over 425 auctions. we have conducted all kinds of auctions. we especially enjoy the sale of heavy equipment and agriculture equipment – both online and at our 15 acre auction center located in custer county, montana. our 15 acre auction facility hosts two annual heavy and agriculture equipment auctions. our location is just south west of the bakken.we know that buyers and sellers want and need more than just professionally executed auctions. we’ve learned over the years how to properly market our auctions and our equipment, which is why you’ve likely seen some of our ads in publications like rock & dirt, my little salesman, contractors hotline, trader’s dispatch, as well as many other regional and national media. this auction marketing expertise, gained by handling hundreds of auctions, helps buyers and sellers get fair market cash value when using the auction method of marketing.we pride ourselves as being one of the few complete service auction companies in the area. we handle everything from start to finish. we do all the work.we have watched the past few years of growth selling in the online market place. it seems that everywhere you go there is an option for selling equipment. we have found that people enjoy using online auctions; however they still value the importance of dealing with a reputable auction company.we live in the community we serve. our sellers & customers have relied on our dependable service for years. if you’re considering having an auction we would appreciate a chance at your business. we are proud of our past accomplishments & look forward to new challenges.contact usnameemailphone phone number followed optionally by "ext." or "#"messagesendquick linksauctionsuser linkslogin / registerother informationprivacy policyterms & conditions© copyright 2025 • smith sales co. auctioneers© powered by








































































































