

oedilf - the omnificent english dictionary in limerick form

















oedilfthe omnificent english dictionary in limerick formwe are proud to present what we consider to be, on the whole, the absolute finest 5-line aabba poetry being written in the english-speaking world today. we are currently accepting submissions based on words beginning with the letters aa- through ir- inclusive only. current estimated date of completion of the oedilf is 16 feb 2066.

the il- through - ir section is now open!

also, february's annual monthlong valentine's day wsing project is now in progress. check out  this thread for details.

security note: until our web server is upgraded, this site will display a "not secure" warning. this is a low-risk issue as we don't collect any sensitive information (credit card numbers, etc.), however, as a general security practice you should use a unique password for this site and for any site you visit.

 random limerick: only have eyes for someoneat other girls i do not leer;
from fidelity's path i don't veer.
asked, "you love me? yes? no?"
i'm all "yup!" "sure!" and "yo!"
yes, i only have ayes for you, dear.by duncan stevens see notes quote me!find this word or phrase:    in our dictionary.homeabout
limericks by topic
limerick topic map
author showcases
limericks by author

content filter (filter is on)
forum wiki/help log in join the projectwelcome to the oedilf, our online limerictionary!


our primary goal in compiling this dictionary is to write at least one limerick for each meaning of each and every word in the english language. our best limericks will clearly define their words in a humorous or interesting way, although some may provide more entertainment than definition, or vice versa. as an international writing project, our limericks often use local spellings, grammar, punctuation, and rhymes that may not be familiar to all. please keep in mind that what may at first look like an error is more likely to be an appropriate regionalism, correct according to the standards of the writer's homeland. opinions expressed in our limericks are those of the individual authors and/or the fictional characters in their writing and do not necessarily reflect those of the oedilf or its editors.









browse the dictionary




author showcases
browse limericks by topic
browse limericks by author
browse limericks by word: pre-a aa ab ac ad ae af ag ah ai aj ak al am an ao ap aq ar as at au av aw ax ay az ba bb bc bd be bf bg bh bi bj bk bl bm bn bo bp bq br bs bt bu bv bw bx by bz ca cb cc cd ce cf cg ch ci cj ck cl cm cn co cp cq cr cs ct cu cv cw cx cy cz da db dc dd de df dg dh di dj dk dl dm dn do dp dq dr ds dt du dv dw dx dy dz ea eb ec ed ee ef eg eh ei ej ek el em en eo ep eq er es et eu ev ew ex ey ez fa fb fc fd fe ff fg fh fi fj fk fl fm fn fo fp fq fr fs ft fu fv fw fx fy fz ga gb gc gd ge gf gg gh gi gj gk gl gm gn go gp gq gr gs gt gu gv gw gx gy gz ha hb hc hd he hf hg hh hi hj hk hl hm hn ho hp hq hr hs ht hu hv hw hx hy hz ia ib ic id ie if ig ih ii ij ik il im in io ip iq ir 
find this word or phrase:    in our dictionary.

find limerick by number: 
              









member loginmember name:password: remember my login on this computerjoin the projectforgotten password




about the dictionary




131129 limericks, 125987 approved. more statistics.
about the oedilf
how to join the project
the oedilf wiki
documents and related links
world map of oedilf members
are you a student or teacher? please read students or teacher.
syndicate: 
 rss 0.92 filtered view
 rss 0.92 unfiltered view (includes limericks of an adult nature)










recently approved limericks
hot coppers by rusty (limerick #129027)quote me! linkat the pub last night i was in clover,
but today i am hugely hung over:
hot coppers (parched throat)
and a headache, i note,
that's explosive — my own supernova.this is part of an alphabetically arranged collection of limericks, starting with abraham, based on selected entries in the australian slang dictionary, containing the  words and phrases  of  the  thieving fraternity, together with the unauthorised, though popular expressions  now in vogue with  all classes in australia (1895), compiled by victorian police force constable cornelius crowe (1853–1928).

next up is huey.guilelessness by steven kent (limerick #129026)quote me! linkher guilelessness most find appealing:
she says what she means with real feeling.
no trickery here,
for her motives are clear
and there's no secret plan she's concealing.homeland security, department of homeland security, dhs by steven kent (limerick #129025)quote me! linkwe need homeland security, right?
to protect what is ours, we will fight
any foreign invaders,
but language degraders
made homeland security trite.the term homeland security refers to a country's defense of its territory from outside attacks. but in the wake of the 9/11 attacks (2001), the hastily organized department of homeland security (usa) quickly morphed into a vast internal surveillance complex easily capable of violating individual freedoms. today the dhs has more than 240,000 employees and is the third-largest cabinet-level department.hopper, dennis by steven kent (limerick #129024)quote me! linkwhat a wild man! the crazy, the dope
could obscure what he did, and we hope
dennis hopper finds peace
where he is. the release
of blue velvet showed some of his scope.american actor and director dennis hopper (1936–2010) had an erratic but long career in films beginning in the 1950s; some of his most notable roles were in apocalypse now (1979), hoosiers (1986, for which he received an oscar nomination), and easy rider (1969), which also marked his debut as a director. his last film was alpha and omega (2010), for which he did voiceover work. he was known for playing "damaged" characters, and probably none was as terrifying as frank booth in blue velvet (1986). hopper was also an accomplished artist, photographer, and author.growth rate by steven kent (limerick #129023)quote me! linkthe investors are pleased overall
with our growth rate: steep rise and no fall
is the streak we've been on.
it could all soon be gone,
but right now, god, they're making a haul!the growth rate measures (in percentage) the increase in a specific performance metric of a company or investment such as profits, earnings, or dividends; this is tracked over a specific time period, most commonly one year. a decrease carries the orwellian label negative growth.d'annunzio, gabriele by rusty (limerick #129022)quote me! linkd'annunzio dared to denounce
all his foes with much flourish and bounce.
he pounced with machismo,
pronounced with fascismo,
and flounced in white gloves (fashion counts).gabriele d'annunzio, prince of montenevoso (1863–1938) was an italian poet, playwright, journalist, libertine (he boasted about being a rapist), demagogue, fascist (in ideology, oratory and style, although he did not embrace the label), fashionista, war hero, ultranationalist and egomaniac.

in short, according to his biographer lucy hughes-hallett, he was a monster.black-flagging by chuck folkers (limerick #129021)quote me! linkas the race cars are zigging and zagging,
the flagger is doing black-flagging
to the car at the back:
get your ass off the track!
note his finger insistently wagging.when a black flag is waved on a motorsport course to signal a driver, it's never good news. depending on the form of racing and governing body, it may indicate a penalty, disqualification, or mandatory return to the pits.at someone's service by giri (limerick #129020)quote me! linki am glad to be stationed here, sir.
if there's anything, say, on the spur
of the moment, you need,
"at your service with speed"
is my motto. i wouldn't demur.at someone's mercy by giri (limerick #129019)quote me! linkour new boss is a madman, i swear.
we are all at his mercy in there.
our fates, he controls.
rakes us over the coals
when he wants. we're in hellish despair.at short notice by giri (limerick #129018)quote me! linkleave the race, he was told. the frail potus,
despite opposition from flotus,
decided to quit
straightaway. i admit
he moved on from his bid at short notice.this verse is inspired by various news reports that jill biden was unwilling to let joe biden drop out of the presidential race. however, owing to pressure from many people from his own party, he had to make a surprise decision to leave the race and announced it on 21 jul 2024.

potus is the president of the united states, and flotus is the first lady of the united  states.
more recently approved limericks
 
privacy policy© copyright 2004-2025 oedilf. the information on this page may not be reproduced in any form without written permission by the .
all limericks remain the property of the authors who contributed them and are reproduced here by permission.
if you reproduce an individual limerick under the doctrine of fair use or fair dealing, please credit the limerick's author.
site designed by virge and maintained by neilski. contact . 
