 home - log haven            




about usabout uslog haven partnersfrequently asked questionsgift cardscontactemploymentphoto galleryaccoladesdining & menudining & menuwine listpurchase a gift cardweddings & hosted eventsweddings & private eventsbusiness eventswedding galleryabout usabout uslog haven partnersfrequently asked questionsgift cardscontactemploymentphoto galleryaccoladesdining & menudining & menuwine listpurchase a gift cardweddings & hosted eventsweddings & private eventsbusiness eventswedding gallery




about usabout uslog haven partnersfrequently asked questionsgift cardscontactemploymentphoto galleryaccoladesdining & menudining & menuwine listpurchase a gift cardweddings & hosted eventsweddings & private eventsbusiness eventswedding galleryabout usabout uslog haven partnersfrequently asked questionsgift cardscontactemploymentphoto galleryaccoladesdining & menudining & menuwine listpurchase a gift cardweddings & hosted eventsweddings & private eventsbusiness eventswedding gallery
about usabout uslog haven partnersfrequently asked questionsgift cardscontactemploymentphoto galleryaccoladesdining & menudining & menuwine listpurchase a gift cardweddings & hosted eventsweddings & private eventsbusiness eventswedding gallery
about usabout uslog haven partnersfrequently asked questionsgift cardscontactemploymentphoto galleryaccoladesdining & menudining & menuwine listpurchase a gift cardweddings & hosted eventsweddings & private eventsbusiness eventswedding gallery



make a reservation

about usabout uslog haven partnersfrequently asked questionsgift cardscontactemploymentphoto galleryaccoladesdining & menudining & menuwine listpurchase a gift cardweddings & hosted eventsweddings & private eventsbusiness eventswedding gallery
about usabout uslog haven partnersfrequently asked questionsgift cardscontactemploymentphoto galleryaccoladesdining & menudining & menuwine listpurchase a gift cardweddings & hosted eventsweddings & private eventsbusiness eventswedding gallery

nature • nourish • nurturenaturenourishnurturea uniquely enticing restaurantnature is delicious heresalt lake city’s log haven has been a magnet for romance since its inception 100 years ago. in 1920, salt lake steel baron and metropolitan opera member l.f. rains created the breathtaking log hideaway as an anniversary gift for his wife. logs from oregon were shipped via san francisco and hauled four miles up millcreek canyon by horse-drawn wagon. appropriately named “log haven” and built at the base of cliffs and flowing waterfalls, the rains family used the sanctuary as a summer home. the idyllic retreat became a gathering place for many local executives who came to explore the mountains, fish in the creek and sit by the home’s many fireplaces while hatching plans for the future of salt lake city and utah.consistently awarded “most romantic restaurant” by utah publications, log haven has carried on its pioneering tradition as a cherished gathering place. the distinctive dining destination is now a favorite spot for fine dining, weddings, anniversaries and celebrations of all kinds.give an amazing gift to someone special, an unforgettable dining experience.


purchase a gift card


a uniquely enticing restaurantnature is delicious heresalt lake city’s log haven has been a magnet for romance since its inception 100 years ago. in 1920, salt lake steel baron and metropolitan opera member l.f. rains created the breathtaking log hideaway as an anniversary gift for his wife. logs from oregon were shipped via san francisco and hauled four miles up millcreek canyon by horse-drawn wagon. appropriately named “log haven” and built at the base of cliffs and flowing waterfalls, the rains family used the sanctuary as a summer home. the idyllic retreat became a gathering place for many local executives who came to explore the mountains, fish in the creek and sit by the home’s many fireplaces while hatching plans for the future of salt lake city and utah.consistently awarded “most romantic restaurant” by utah publications, log haven has carried on its pioneering tradition as a cherished gathering place. the distinctive dining destination is now a favorite spot for fine dining, weddings, anniversaries and celebrations of all kinds.give an amazing gift to someone special, an unforgettable dining experience.


purchase a gift card

a dining experienceaward winning wine selectionunforgettable weddingsprivate hosted eventsa dining experienceaward winning wine selectionprivate hosted eventsunforgettable weddingsspecial eventsthanksgiving menu
2024


view menu



 

 clark familydinnerclark familythe team at log haven was incredibly accommodating.  despite some troubles with wheelchair access that led to a brief delay in dinner (on our part), the staff took the steps necessary to accommodate the delay.  everything was presented in a timely manner and the wit staff was friendly and attentive.  i would highly recommend (and since have) log haven to friends and family members.hong/segerdalwedding ceremony & receptionfaith, cynthia and all the other staff were very attentive and friendly.  faith was a huge factor in our decision to have our wedding at log haven. she is a gem!  responsive and helpful throughout the entire process pre-planning, coordinating other vendors and makeing everything perfect the day of. food was fabulous!! thank you! thank you!  thank you!richfield oil & gasholiday dinneri found log haven to be outstanding. the moment we arrived we felt taken away. then the service and food were out of this world. we can't wait to use you again.  as the coordinator of this event, i found working with faith amazing. she was always so sweet and answered all of my questions os quickly.  faith was the icing on the cake. thanks log haven for making my job easy!grant whitakerholiday dinnerlog haven remains one of, if not the best, restaurants in salt lake city.  we felt valued right from the moment of our welcome by the host, and our server (kacey) was equally hospitable and attended to our needs in a friendly and gracious manner.  excellent food, everything was well prepared and described accurately on the menu.  we had a marvelous time and it will serve as a memorable occasion. jerry hineshines weddingour wedding was an absolute blast! faith and joni were absolutely incredible from the very beginning. the entire process with them was perfect and stress free.  we couldn't be more impressed with the staff that were part of our wedding. they were all extremely nice and there was not a single person at the wedding that went home hungry and everyone had a glass of something in their hand. we also are vegan and the chef made us such a delicious meal!! we are still getting phone calls and emails about how amazing our wedding was. thank you!!!mary fentonvertica corporate eventto faith, kirby, and team: i just wanted to extend my thanks for a wonderful evening on 4th december. it isn't very often our team gets together but your fantastic team at log haven made it a night to remember. 
the food was delicious, the venue superb, and the best thing of all was your team who made us all feel comfortable and nothing was too much trouble. my only complaint is the night went too fast and ended too soon! 
we are all hoping to go back to slc one day to see more of your beautiful city and will definitely pay log haven a visit.jo ella woolydinnerour family ate at log haven during the holidays. it was wonderful!! we had a table right in front of the fireplace. we all loved the alpine nachos (great to share) and the special clam chowder soup. terrific flavor. teenage nephew ordered the elk and completely cleaned his plate. elise did a fantastic job and would highly recommend her as a server to your dining experience. thank you log haven - my family was here from out of town and i wanted to take them somewhere that would be memorable. both in food and atmosphere - you exceed my expectation!rachel and evan sharpsharp weddingfaith and clayton,
you guys are amazing! thank you so much for making all the magic happen on our wedding day. everything was better than we could have imagined. things were set up perfectly, the garden was beautiful, the food was amazing, and everything ran so smoothly. thank you for being so kind, accommodating, and helpful. you guys and your team made our wedding so wonderful for us and all out guests. it's obvious you're true professionals with a lot of experiences. we will be sending more couples your way! thank you so very much from the bottom of our hearts for everything you did. please pass along a 'thank you' to all of the team members involved.
much love.columbia sportsevent planneri've coordinated dinners that involved this group and members there of for several years now - this is the first time that i've received an overwhelming 'thumbs up' on a dinner for:  service, food (the big one), ambiance and setting.  i look forward to placing this group with log haven again!  as an aside, i called the day of the event to advise that our company president would be dining with us and appreciated the reception of our last minute heads up.  as an event planner, i had to partner with providers that make me look good and have a 'can do' attitude.  all of which you have and did - thank you!

awards and accolades











social and corporate eventsan event setting to remember

corporate and personal event hostingour hosted dinners provide a special atmosphere, amazing food and unparalleled service to any event. if you want to impress a new client, show appreciation for your employees or host a holiday event that won’t be forgotten, our hosting options can be scaled for any occasion.


more about events hosting





gift cards






reservations

book nowreserve a table nowuse the button to reserve online with open table, or call us at:(801)272-8255 and choose option 2.


make a reservation

use this button to reserve online with open table, or call us at: (801) 272-8255and choose option 2.


facebook-f
 



x-twitter
 



instagram
 



yelp
 



purchase a gift card




subscribe to our newsletter

© 2023 log haven. website design by aucutt design.newsletter!subscribe for updates, hours changes, upcoming special events, and promotions.


subscribe

       



