


acpe research







 










 



this site is supported by the research committee of acpe








site updated 3/28/24
















acpe research contributes content to .














notice of site revision






this site is currently being revised with the support of the acpe recearch committee, and new content -- including the article-of-the-month -- should be posted in 2024.  chaplain john ehman, who edited this site and provided its content from 2002-2023, has since retired but will continue to act as webmaster and provide some content. the extensive bank of material on the site will remain available. please check back for developments about the site as a whole. you may email john.ehman@outlook.com with any questions or concerns. 





   

















ongoing notices







 transforming chaplaincy (www.transformchaplaincy.org) --
 the revised transforming chaplaincy website launched on november 16, 2017, reflecting its expanded function as an international hub for information about chaplaincy research, including a very informative newsletter.  

 
 chaplaincy innovation lab (chaplaincyinnovation.org) --
 this online think-tank for spiritual care research, education, and practice across all sectors of the profession, bringing together national leaders in theological education, social science, american religious history, clinical education, and professional chaplaincy to gather, foster and share rigorous academic research about the provision of spiritual care in a range of settings. 

 
 rush research article summary outline -- 
 this pdf resource (also available as a word document) is used by george fitchett and patricia murphy in teaching research literacy.

 

 an invitation to chaplaincy research: entering the process --
 this book for chaplains new to research is edited by myers, g. e with roberts, s. (2014) and is an excellent resource, available freely through the healthcare chaplaincy network, which produced it with support from the john templeton foundation. 

 
 european research institute for chaplains in healthcare --
 the erich is an initiative of the european network of healthcare chaplains (enhcc) and is hosted by the academic centre for practical theology (acpt) in ku leuven, belgium.

 









  

the website for  is www.acpe.edu



 














  

  





 