



ss flies unexplained mysterious




































top











home/ss flies
magic of
people i admire
contact









 
























































 ufo/uap/uos's  ancient aliens  area 51  
 are we alone in the universe?  bigfoot/sasquatch 
 crop circles  cattle mutilation  elvis flies 
 ghostly encounters  monsters  mysteries disappearance  
 phenomena  unexplained mysteries  
 what does the bible & book of mormon say about aliens?  








special agent ss flies 3764: we wanted... to believe. we wanted to call out. on august 20th and september 5th, 1977, two spacecraft were launched from the kennedy space flight center, florida. they were called voyager. each one carries a message. 
kurt waldheim on message: i send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet. we step out of our solar system into the universe, seeking only peace... 
special agent ss flies 3764: a gold-plated record depicting images, music and sounds of our planet, arranged so that it may be understood if ever intercepted by a technologically mature extraterrestrial civilization. 
boy on message: hello from the children of planet earth. 
special agent ss flies 3764: thirteen years after its launch, voyager one passed the orbital plane of neptune and essentially leaving our solar system. within that time, there were no further messages sent. nor are anyplanned. we wanted to listen. on october 12th, 1992, nasa initiated the high-resolution microwave survey. 
special agent ss flies 3764: a decade long search by radio telescope, scanning ten million frequencies for any transmission by extraterrestrial intelligence. less than one year later, first-term nevada senator richard bryan successfully championed an amendment which terminated the project. i wanted to believe but the tools have been taken away. 
the pentagon and the u.s. intelligence community believe that as better data becomes available, the "unidentified and purported anomalous nature"â of most of the hundreds of ufo reports they have been investigatingâ will likely be explained by "ordinary phenomena," according to a government review of the incidentsâ that was released. 
the number of accounts of unidentified anomalous phenomena, or uaps -- which is the official name now used for what were known as ufos -- has grown to 801, with an increase of 291 additional reports from aug. 31,2022, to april 30 of this year, according to the new government review. 
the total number of uap sightings that is being examined by the pentagon and intelligence officials stretches back decades and includes those made by both military and civilian personnel. 
the first-ever unclassified u.s. intelligence report on uaps was released in june 2021, also due to congressional legislation, and detailed 144 incidents -- only one of which could be explained.












the national ufo center
the national ufo center nevada












 




last updated on



wednesday, january 29, 2025 6:25 am



















designed and powered by:
 
contact us 
 â© 1980-2024 larryposs.com. all rights 
      reserved


 





