



















home | northern ireland statistics and research agency





























skip to content
























search *





 



menu





main menuhome
statistics
publications
census results
selected for a survey
contact us
  


 





northern ireland statistics and research agency




news













 




2022-based population projections for northern ireland 
29 january 2025 - news storythe population of northern ireland is projected to reach 1.95 million in 2033 before falling to 1.93 million by 2047 ... more 








upcoming changes to nisra website 
23 october 2024






 









weekly deaths tables – up to week ending 31 january 2025 
07 february 2025






 






more news …






quick links


  
 nisra data portal 

 local stats explorer 

 census flexible table builder 

 find my area 

 visualisations 

 published/upcoming statistics 

 central survey unit (csu) 

 nimdm 2017 lookup tool 
 



follow us




facebook 

twitter 

youtube 









statistics









 
agriculture and environment 







 
births, deaths and marriages 







 
business and energy 







 
census 







 
children, education and skills 







 
crime and justice 







 
deprivation 







 
economy 







 
government 







 
health and social care 







 
housing, community and regeneration 







 
labour market and social welfare 







 
ni summary statistics 







 
people, places and culture 







 
population 







 
programme for government 







 
tourism 







 
trade 







 
travel and transport 







 
visualisations 

labour market survey 






 



statistics and research support



geography






 
nisra geography web pages provide access to downloadable maps and digital products that support the use of geography in developing statistics. 

official statistics






 
official statistics are fundamental to good government, to the delivery of public services and to decision-making in all sectors of society. in this section you can learn more about the code of practice for statistics, pre-release access and find out who produces official statistics in northern ireland.  

research support






 
the role of the nisra research support unit (rsu) is to allow researchers safe access to project specific de-identified data in a secure environment in order to carry out secondary data analysis.  








the chief executive













 




philip wales 
philip wales joined nisra as chief executive and registrar general on 27 february 2023....more 















about nisranisra is an agency of the department of finance. nisra is the principal source of official statistics and social research on northern ireland. these statistics and research inform public policy and associated debate in the wider society.





corporate information


  
 about nisra 

 nisra business planning  

 statistics advisory committee 

 customer satisfaction survey 

 complaints 

 careers 
 




contact us






if you have a general enquiry for the northern ireland statistics and research agency (nisra), you can contact:
nisracolby housestranmillis courtbelfastbt9 5rr
telephone: +44 (0)300 200 7836
email: info@nisra.gov.uk
opening hours: monday to friday from 9.30 am to 4.00 pm (excluding public, bank and all northern ireland government holidays).
census 2021
queries relating to census 2021 in northern ireland should be directed to the census customer services. 
media queries
members of the media with queries relating to nisra statistics can contact the department of finance press office.
general register office for northern ireland
queries relating to the registration of births, deaths, marriages, civil partnerships and adoptions or the production of birth, deaths, marriage, civil partnership and adoption certificates should be directed to the general register office for northern ireland.
how was your experience of our website today?  did you find what you were looking for?  we are always looking for ways to improve our site so please drop us an email at info@nisra.gov.uk.






see all contacts














links
nidirect
gov.uk
nisra data portal
census 2021 flexible table builder



follow nisra
facebook
twitter
youtube



© crown copyright
terms and conditions
cookies
privacy
accessibility statement








