






vadoavela - sailing cruises in greece















































skip to content





vadoavela
sailing cruises in greece






primary menu
home
about
blog
contact
 








yacht charter – book sailing yachts in greece

 september 23, 2020september 23, 2020  vadoav 



think greece! a u . s . a . that appears carved with the aid of using the ocean, with 13.676 km of shoreline and extra than 3000 islands and islets, affords the crusing aficionados with tremendous selections of itineraries that nearly compels you to go to again…and again.
while crusing thru the aegean and the ionian seas you may surely revel in the intense solar and a number of the best seashores you may swim in. each cluster has its personal individual and cultural background, supplying the traveler a completely unique enjoy as every differs from the relaxation as a long way because the architecture, the habitat, the seashores, the ocean and wind situations are concerned.
sailing throughout the greek shoreline gives an alternation among solitude and crowded destinations, conventional and cosmopolitan atmosphere, serene and hard seas, an thrilling adventure thru time and history. the perfect manner to loosen up and are available alive on the identical time. you ought to comply with the itineraries we endorse or you may plan your personal dream cruise. you may also decide on the steady seashore and island hopping or spend your days and nights anchored for your personal “private” bay that feels as paradise on earth.
the maximum well-known island complicated is cyclades. it includes 147 islands, provide a completely unique enjoy in yachting: they’re so near collectively that nearly beg you to begin the island-hopping! and seeing that it is not possible to go to all of them at once, whenever you may vow to go back the subsequent yr, and the yr after that…
the western a part of cyclades includes seven stunning islands set nearly in a vertical line one underneath the other. starting with tzia or kea, favored with the aid of using the athenians because of it is proximity, we stumble upon an island pretty greener than the relaxation of the cyclades- well-known for his or her absolutely naked landscape. it is stated that withinside the historic instances tzia become protected with the aid of using oak trees. to the south lays kythnos, one of the few islands left unspoiled with the aid of using the overdevelopment of the ’80s and the ’90s. it has extra than 70 seashores a lot of which might be best approachable with the aid of using boat, kolona being the maximum well-known and one of the best in greece. merihas withinside the west and loutra withinside the north east are the 2 small marinas to be had to the ocean travelers.













search for:



advertisement

recent posts


yacht charter – book sailing yachts in greece


categories

blog


videos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjauntl-r-idisclaimersprivacy policy
terms of use
contact
sitemap








						proudly powered by wordpress  | 
		theme: flaton by webulous themes 
























