








albany – sisters of st. joseph of carondelet









































































 











			skip to content		








日本語が話せる人hispanohablantes|request prayerseventscontact us  donatesupport albanymenumenuabout us

welcome
	we are a congregation of catholic sisters tracing our origins to france in 1650, who strive to share the great love of god with our dear neighbors today.


learn more about us
who we are

about usour historyarchivescongregational leadership teamfind a sister 
what we do

how we servesponsored schoolssponsored ministriescreative ministries 
latest news

blogofficial statementsjubilariansobituariesaction alertsevents 

locations





where we are
	our congregation was founded in st. louis in 1836, and since then we have formed additional communities and provinces around the world.


see the map
 




albanylos angeleschileperúhawai`ist. louisjapanst. paul 
 
 

spirituality





go deeper
love of god is at the heart of our charism. check out an array of spirituality resources. 


explore our spirituality
 


feed your soul

about our spiritualityspiritual resourcesspiritual directorsupcoming eventsreflections 
 


prayers please

request prayers 
 
 

justice

respond boldly
urgent needs call us to bold conversation and prophetic action. 


learn about our priorities
our priorities

overviewcare for creationracial justicejustice for migrants 
join us in action

action alertsupcoming justice eventsjustice updatesdeveloping diverse voices 

join us

join our movement
the family of joseph includes many more than just the sisters. explore the variety of ways to be a part of our community. 

learn more & get involved
discern your vocation

become a sisterdiscernment eventsvocations stories 
ways to partner in our mission

join as an associateexplore the agrégée callvolunteer as a st. joseph worker 

contact usdonate  日本語が話せる人hispanohablantes



albany





home / locations / albany









home / locations / albany albany

 

located in the capital region of new york, our albany province includes sisters, associates and partners in mission. we work to bring god’s unifying and reconciling love to those in need. throughout the albany and syracuse dioceses, our sisters minister in a variety of areas including spiritual direction, education, healthcare and hospitality. new ministries emerge as we identify needs in our society. we actively stand with justice and peace initiatives that align with our mission to create a more peaceful and connected society.


albany province mission
called by god and passionate for the mission of jesus, the sisters of st. joseph come together to serve all persons. with a distinctive spirit of hospitality and a particular concern for the poor, we witness to the gospel message by being a unifying and reconciling presence to a world in need.
recent stories & newssee all posts about the albany province.prayers for the christmas seasondecember 6, 2024adapting to the signs of the timesaugust 14, 2024healing touch as a pathway to god and spiritualityaugust 9, 2024a new headquarters for catholic charities’ social and human services in the capital regionjune 27, 2024
the albany province leadership team

(standing) sisters margaret m. edic, kay ryan, rose casaleno(seated) sisters diane zigo, joan mary hartigan
our ministries and the ways we serve
since our congregation was founded in 1650, characteristics such as diversity and risk-taking for the sake of god’s people have shaped how we approach each of our ministries. we are guided by the call of our founder jean pierre medaille, sj “to perform all the spiritual and corporal works of mercy of which women are capable … and will most benefit the dear neighbor.”
education
our sisters first came to the northeast with a mission to teach immigrant children in the oswego, new york area.


in response to the pressing need for the education of immigrants, our sisters served in many elementary and secondary schools throughout the albany and syracuse dioceses. the sisters’ work was integral to the founding and development of the parochial school system in both dioceses. with the rapid growth of the catholic school system, the bishop of albany recognized the need for a catholic college serving women. the college of saint rose in albany was then founded in 1920 by sister mary blanche rooney.
healthcare


sisters of st. joseph also served in healthcare ministries. the constitution of the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet calls us to “visit the sick in their homes or in prison, assist them with alms and prepare broths and remedies which the doctors recommend for them.”
st. mary’s hospital (now st. mary’s healthcare) located in amsterdam, new york, was opened in 1903, and sisters of st. joseph served in the development and management of the new hospital. in 1920, the rising need for certified nurses led to the founding of st. mary’s school of nursing, which closed in 1987.
other ministries


in the mid-1960s, vatican ii called our sisters to adapt to new needs and a rapidly changing society. they returned to the roots of our congregation’s charism and spirituality. after 1970, the sisters began new ministries in parishes as religious education directors, pastoral associates and parish life directors.
today, sisters of st. joseph serve our ever-changing society. new events and issues spotlight the need for spiritual direction, adult faith formation, ministry to the unemployed and incarcerated, assistance for refugees and migrants  and social justice advocacy. the sisters of st. joseph do not shy away from change; instead, we see it as a way to better fulfill our mission to serve the dear neighbor and bring god’s love to all.


upcoming events
there are no upcoming events at this time. check back soon!
see all albany events

 




albany

history
ways to give

support albany
send a card
csj classic golf tournament


events
posts
obituaries




all locations: albany • chile • hawai`i • japan • los angeles • perú • st. louis • st. paul





albany offices
385 watervliet-shaker roadlatham, ny 12110-4799(518) 783-3500fax (518) 783-5209
youtube














about us
the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet are a congregation of catholic sisters. we, and those who share our charism and mission, are motivated in all things by our profound love of god and our dear neighbors. we seek to build communities and bridge divides between people. since our first sisters gathered in 1650, our members have been called to “do all things of which women are capable.” the first sisters of our congregation arrived in st. louis, missouri in 1836, and we now have additional locations in st. paul, albany, los angeles, hawaii, japan and peru. today, we commit to respond boldly to injustice and dare to be prophetic.


contact
sisters of st. joseph of carondeletcongregational offices
10777 sunset office drive, ste. 10st. louis, mo 63127314-394-1985contact us


connect with us
facebookinstagram @csjcarondeletyoutubesign up for our newsletter donate




©2025 sisters of st. joseph of carondelet. 
site by blustery day design.


privacy policy • carondelet connect login




































