







the diet cure by julia ross | julia ross' cures


































 
 












followfollow





julia ross' cures

freedom from diet-related plagues
of the 21st century












home
julia

about
events
faqs


books

the craving cure
the diet cure
the mood cure


questionnaires

craving type
the diet cure quick-symptom
mood type


virtual clinic

food craving and false mood eradication


training

neuro-nutrient therapy institute
distance training
local training
seminar schedule


practitioners
blog

posts
research
excerpts
recipes
testing updates


events
shop










 

















“an amazing book, filled with wisdom, experience, and practical advice.”
—daniel g. amen, m.d., author of change your brain, change your life

find a practitioner







“an amazing book, filled with wisdom, experience, and practical advice.”
—daniel g. amen, m.d., author of change your brain, change your body

buy now

julia’s store
amazon
barnes & noble
books-a-million
ibooks
indiebound
kobo
play









a national bestseller, the revised and updated the diet cure gives you clinically-proven answers to your diet dilemmas, including


how dieting actually causes unneeded weight gain and eating disorders
the real reason you can’t stay away from cookies, ice cream, pasta, soda, and candy.
how to turn off your urges with amazing amino acids
the truth about the thyroid’s role in weight gain and fatigue, and how to successfully test and treat it (and get a doctor to cooperate!)
how to rescue your exhausted adrenals to stop the stress and the stress-eating.
how your food choices are skewed by food intolerances and blood-sugar swings, and what to do about both.
how to untangle the hype about fats, grains, carbs, meats, and calories.


for the more than two-thirds of americans who are overweight, dieting is a failure.

where is america’s diet crisis hitting you? beginning with her 8-step quick symptom questionnaire, author julia ross helps readers identify their diet and diet-caused imbalances and provides targeted strategies to correct those imbalances using nutritional supplements to jump-start the dietary overhaul. readers can then end their low-calorie dieting and food obsessions for good.

reader reviews: a few of the 200 reviews posted on amazon for the new edition of the diet cure.
best book ever!
“this has helped so much with my husband’s depression and brain fog, it got me off caffeine with no withdrawal symptoms, and has helped my mom’s thyroid. i recommend it to all my friends.”
5.0 out of 5 stars
a must-read for anyone who’s questioning their health!
“so much eye-opening information!!!! i’ve stocked up on a number of essential amino acids and have felt such a difference in just a few days”
5.0 out of 5 stars
the diet cure changed my life!
“since the birth of my last child, i had been bouncing around from diet to diet, beating myself up for not being able to control my cravings, feeling increasing anguish over how to get back to a healthy weight … and a healthy mind. enter “the diet cure. i’m not exaggerating when i say that i felt better 24 hours after starting supplementation. it was a complete turnaround! i can’t recommend the diet cure enough. thank you, julia ross!”
5.0 out of 5 stars
 


















z

quick-symptom questionnaire
the diet cure will help you stop your eating urges and weight problems, and eliminate your mood swings and negative obsessions about your body. but first we have to determine what is causing these problems. the following is a short version of the questionnaires we use in our clinic.
 
 



take it now






contact the virtual clinic
need help customizing the suggestions found in julia’s books? with tailored plans that nutritionally balance the brain’s appetite chemistry based on the diet cure and the craving cure, over 90% of julia’s clients lose their cravings within a day.
 
 



meet with a craving coach








z

training and consulting for health practitioners
 
live zoom classes and consults certification program
 
 



learn more





order books, nutrients, cds & more





shop now








explore more



view new post:






the extraordinary potency of individual amino acids exposed

 read more












 








faqs
events



 



© 2021 julia ross, author of the mood cure, the diet cure, & the craving cure
permission to duplicate with this attribution: no changes may be made without permission in writing by julia ross info@cravingcure.com 





































