









golf in a few clicks - eaglecreekgolfclub


















































competitions
equipment
golf
parcours
sports
 





select page


  
 



 



 











golf blog
 
the golf in a few clicks!
 
 



 
 
 





 
 



 
 



 
 
 



other sports
 
 
 




 

we love golf, as you certainly do! but we also love other sports. on this blog, you will find articles about basketball, boxing, soccer,… don’t miss our articles and come regularly!
 
 



 
 
 



golf equipment 
 
 
 
 





 



 
 
 



motivation
 
 
 
 



motivation is the search to always go further.
in order to be motivated, you have to know how to set yourself goals. and it is thanks to these goals that you will succeed in going far, in your field. whatever the sport, what you are looking for is to be able to surpass yourself and to know your limits. so, in order to be able to help yourself to do this, the equipment you need is a connected watch or simply a good application that you can put on your smartphone to be able to put your different exploits. you will be able to enter, on this one, the information about everything you have done sportively speaking. this will help you to progress and reach a certain level. of course, the connected watch can be quite expensive to buy, but you still have some that are affordable in sports stores. of course, don’t take the most advanced one, but you can take something that still gives you a way to know your physical performance.
 
 



 

concentration is important to play golf well.
golf is one of the sports that require the most concentration from the player. in soccer, or in most team sports, a little inattention on the part of a player can go unnoticed, but in golf, this is never the case. the player, regardless of all external factors (wind, public…) must remain focused on his performance and on the point he is aiming for.
 
 
 


our last articles
 




 
things you should have in your golf bag
equipmentthe environment in which you play golf is essential when you go to play golf. it is a little confusing when playing golf for the first time. you might not know the things you should carry when playing for the first time. even if you're a pro at golf it is always a...
read more
 

 
why sports like golf are important to add to your life
sportsall sorts of sports are an excellent form of exercise and help you enjoy being active. they offer an excellent range of both mental and physical benefits that will later come to assist your body and mind. indulging in sports is a great way to pass time and have some...
read more
 

 
golf tournaments: all you need to know
competitionsgolf is a mental and a physical sport. you need to analyze your decisions very carefully and gauge an outcome, and it will decide if you lose or win. playing in the wide expanse of the greens is an experience that lifts spirits and delights. it is also a very...
read more
 

 
how golf courses benefit the environment 
parcoursa golf course is an excellent place to have a great game without any stress or other issues. golf courses are becoming popular as people recognize the game as an excellent form of physical activity. more people are now interested in the game as it has a variety of...
read more
 

 
health benefits of playing golf
sportsgolf is unlike other games where you sweat a lot, but it is a rather slow and relaxed pace in this game. but still playing golf even once a month has been seen to be beneficial for health. people who can not follow a strict exercise regimen can easily play golf and...
read more
 


 

 
 
 



get in touch
 


 





name


email address


subject


message




submit



 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 



contact
 
 



  

 
 
 


















