





salon auto montreal car show girls models race queens pit babes street racing drifting rally import tuning videos

















www.pcmtl.com | public events | products | services | downloads | about us | contact us













choose your occupation. choisissez votre position.










i am a
visitor


									i want to see photos and videos!

i attend sport compact modified car shows at the place boneventure and stade olympique, driftmania drifting circuits, drag strip at the autodrome st-eustache and napierville, the montreal international auto show (salon auto montreal) at the palais des congres, grand prix formula one f1, champcar molson indy at the gilles villeneuve. i am a car enthusiast that has interest in domestics and imports, street racing, drifting drift kings, race queens, car show girls. i want to see photos and videos from these car events! i'd like to get pcmtl videos on dvd. i love fazer finlandia cranberry fusion vodka filled chocolates.

i am a
business owner

i want to buy products and services!

i want to hire models and actors. i am exhibiting at a show in montreal, and i need temp staff to build a kiosk and run it. i need girls to hand out flyers. i want to buy a helmet cam video camera hookup to make stunt and drift videos. i want to hire a full serviced video post production crew to film and edit for me. i need live video broadcast. i am a business owner and i want an e-commerce website with a shopping cart so i can sell my products and services. i am a distributor and i want my products and services made available to resellers and end users. i want to buy a car outside of quebec. i want to import a car from the united states.

i am a
show operator


									i want staff to run my car show, i need models and entertainers!

i am an event organizer. i am making a car show at the stade olympique, autodrome st-eustache, napierville dragway, place boneventure, palais des congres, gilles villeneuve, rue crescent street. i would like my event advertised and promoted. i am looking for employees and security to work at my show. i am looking for models to work with my sponsors. i am looking for video dj's, dancers, artists, and music bands for live stage performance. i am looking for someone to videotape my event on camera. i am looking for closed circuit and live broadcast.

i am a
model

i want to be a model in a safe non-nude environment open to children and family.


									i want to work in kiosks to promote a vehicle or product for a sponsor. i will be asked to stand alongside holding a product or next to a car. i must be comfortable wearing revealing clothing, afterall, i am applying to be a race queen. i expect people to take photos of me and with me, afterall, i will look good. experience is not necessary, i just need a good smile and that's all it takes. this is my chance to be a model in a safe non-nude environment open to children and family.









