







home











































americans united for palestinian human rights










hometake actionceasefire tracker - congressional supporters of ceasefiresupport fair tradeboycott israeli productssign up for alertscalendarsubmit calendar itemcontact usnewsresourceshistoric documentspoetrymap cardus campaign's 2024 congress scorecard.linksnews sourcescriticism & analysispalestinian organizationsisraeli organizationsinternational organizationsu.s. organizations










new  


						whatsapp says journalists and civil society members were targets of israeli spyware




						the israeli military is one of microsoft's top ai customers, leaked documents reveal




						a year of empty threats and a “smokescreen” policy: how the state department let israel get away with horrors in gaza




						'damning' new poll shows price kamala harris paid for backing israeli genocide in gaza




events 
	no iframes


in focus  


						hall of shame: congressional supporters of genocide




						ceasefire tracker - track the moral compass of your representatives!




						national lawyers guild requests icc investigation of war crimes committed in gaza




						icc preliminary probe on palestine still a long ways from war crimes trial




						why palestine and ferguson are linked







 


search ...  



 

key reads

sharing the losses by gilbert schramm.
poems about palestine. any profits will go to humanitarian relief in palestine. on amazon

josh ruebner's new book:  israel: democracy or apartheid state?
 
ilan pappe's revealing book:
 
 





home









 whatsapp says journalists and civil society members were targets of israeli spyware



		details		

 written by stephanie kirchgaessner | the guardian stephanie kirchgaessner | the guardian 


published: 31 january 2025 31 january 2025 


nearly 100 journalists and other members of civil society using whatsapp, the popular messaging app owned by meta, were targeted by spyware owned by paragon solutions, an israeli maker of hacking software, the company alleged today.
the journalists and other civil society members were being alerted of a possible breach of their devices, with whatsapp telling the guardian it had “high confidence” that the users in question had been targeted and “possibly compromised”.
 
experts said the targeting was a “zero-click” attack, which means targets would not have had to click on any malicious links to be infected.
read more at: https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2025/jan/31/whatsapp-israel-spyware








 the israeli military is one of microsoft's top ai customers, leaked documents reveal



		details		

 written by ryan grim and waqas ahmed | drop site ryan grim and waqas ahmed | drop site 


published: 27 january 2025 27 january 2025 


[microsoft is totally complicit with genocide, as these articles demonstrate. shame, shame on microsoft!]
microsoft is a major provider of cloud services and artificial intelligence for the israeli military, according to internal documents related to the contracts between the israeli ministry of defense (mod) and microsoft israel obtained by drop site news. the leaked documents show that israel’s usage spiked dramatically in the months following october 7, 2023 when israel was using ai and other technology to wage its brutal war on gaza.
the trove of documents reveals that microsoft’s ties to the israeli military are deeper and more lucrative than previously known, exposing the tech giant’s role in supplying advanced cloud and ai services during the war that multiple international bodies, including the international court of justice, ruled may plausibly constitute a genocide. drop site shared the documents with independent israeli-palestinian investigative magazine +972, which previously exposed israel’s use of ai in its bombing campaign, local call, and the guardian, which also published stories thursday.
read more at: https://www.dropsitenews.com/p/microsoft-azure-israel-top-customer-ai-cloud









 a year of empty threats and a “smokescreen” policy: how the state department let israel get away with horrors in gaza



		details		

 written by brett murphy | propublica brett murphy | propublica 


published: 19 january 2025 19 january 2025 


reporting highlights

empty threats: since oct. 7, 2023, biden has repeatedly issued threats that israel ignored. u.s. officials tried to enforce consequences — but they couldn’t.
internal dissent: the state department disregarded its own experts and cracked down on leaks. some human rights officials said they were prevented from pursuing evidence of israeli abuses.
costs of inaction: experts say biden’s failure to follow through led to impunity for widespread human rights abuses, including blocking aid deliveries, even after explicit u.s. warnings.

“netanyahu’s conclusion was that biden doesn’t have enough oomph to make him pay a price, so he was willing to ignore him,” said ghaith al-omari, a senior fellow at the washington institute who’s focused on u.s.-israel relations and a former official with the palestinian authority who helped advise on prior peace talks. “part of it is that netanyahu learned there is no cost to saying ‘no’ to the current president.”
read more at: https://www.propublica.org/article/biden-blinken-state-department-israel-gaza-human-rights-horrors









 'damning' new poll shows price kamala harris paid for backing israeli genocide in gaza



		details		

 written by julia conley | common dreams julia conley | common dreams 


published: 18 january 2025 18 january 2025 


as a cease-fire and hostage release deal was reportedly reached between hamas and israel on wednesday, new polling made it clearer than ever that vice president kamala harris' refusal to break with the biden administration's position on israel's relentless assault on gaza had an impact on her support from voters, and contributed to millions of potential democratic voters deciding to stay home on election day. 
a yougov poll backed by the institute for middle east understanding (imeu) policy project and released on wednesday showed that among the 19 million people who voted for president joe biden in 2020 but did not vote in 2024, nearly a third named israel's u.s.-backed war on gaza as a top reason for staying home.
"the top reason those non-voters cited, above the economy at 24% and immigration at 11%, was gaza: a full 29% cited the ongoing onslaught as the top reason they didn't cast a vote in 2024," wrote ryan grim at drop site news, the first outlet to report the news.
in states that swung from biden in 2020 to president-elect donald trump in 2024, 20% of non-voters said gaza was the reason they didn't cast a ballot in november.
read more at: https://www.commondreams.org/news/harris-gaza









 lancet study finds official gaza death toll likely a 41% undercount



		details		

 written by jake johnson | common dreams jake johnson | common dreams 


published: 11 january 2025 11 january 2025 

the peer-reviewed analysis estimates that israel's assault on gaza killed 64,260 people between october 7, 2023 and june 30, 2024—a figure significantly higher than the one reported by the enclave's health ministry.









 a peer-reviewed analysis published in the lancet on thursday found that the official gaza death toll reported by the enclave's ministry of health between october 7, 2023 and june 30, 2024 was likely a 41% undercount, a finding that underscores the devastation wrought by israel's assault on the palestinian territory and the difficulties of collecting accurate data amid relentless bombing.
during the period examined by the new study, gaza's health ministry (moh) reported that 37,877 people had been killed in israeli attacks. but the lancet analysis estimates that the death toll during that period was 64,260, with women, children, and the elderly accounting for nearly 60% of the deaths for which details were available.









 read more at: https://www.commondreams.org/news/lancet-gaza-death-toll
 
 





more articles ... 


			israeli lawmakers demand military destroy all food and energy resources in gaza 



			‘my hands are paralyzed from torture’: gazans reveal horrors of ofer camp



			transcript & links: senator merkley highlights devastation in gaza on u.s. senate floor



			senator merkley highlights devastation in gaza on u.s. senate floor - youtube



			 unleashed: abuse of palestinians by israeli soldiers in the center of hebron





				page 1 of 99			

start
prev
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 next
end








fair use noticethis site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. we are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of environmental, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. we believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the us copyright law. in accordance with title 17 u.s.c. section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. for more information go to:  http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml . if you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. 











