









indoor lint trap filter






















---



wish list (0)






$
currency 


€ euro
£ pound sterling
$ us dollar
























indoor lint trap filter







shopping cart

0 item(s) - $0.00


your shopping cart is empty!








register
login












menu

home




 




how to

faq




 




login

order today












 



products





indoor lint trap filter
features-catches and stores fine particles of lint from the dryer until you are ready to dispose.-pr..

                                                $52.95                                                                    










 add to cart










indoor lint trap filter & flex hose combo
indoor lint trap filter - features:-catches and stores fine particles of lint from the dryer un..

                                                $60.95                                                                    










 add to cart










aluminum dryer flex hose & clamps
features:-8 foot 2 ply aluminum flex hose-ul listed up to 8 feet-includes 2 metal spring tension 4 i..

                                                $14.99                                                                    



 add to cart







 

how to use indoor lint trap filterstep 1unpack indoor lint trap filterstep 2place indoor lint trap filter beside dryer or mount on wallstep 3connect dryer hose the indoor link trap filterstep 4add water to indoor lint trap filter


about indoor lint trap filtera few words about the world’s best indoor lint trap filter for clothes dryers. our indoor lint trap filter system was invented for those who cannot vent their dryer outside the home. if that is your problem you will love this indoor lint trap filter system. it is the most efficient of any brand on the market today.  this lint trap is the only one that filters as well as traps the fine particles and lint blowing out of the dryer. a fine screen attached to the front of the lint trap is cleaned by turning the handle a full circle. this forces the trapped lint and particles to drop into the water drawer below.  water? yes, our lint trap filter uses water  to cleanse the vented air of lint. it washes the air and cleanses your home of dryer lint which cleans the air we breathe. water provides a much better result than filters alone.our lint trap filter is extremely easy to clean and maintain.  after a few dryer loads you simply pull the drawer out and refill back up with water.  it is easy to install and comes with an optional eight feet of aluminum flex hose, two clamps, and two screws for wall mounting. you can also let it sit on top your dryer if you choose.    the lint trap measures 12” high, by 8”wide and 5" deep. my lint trap kit costs a little more than others on the market however, our lint trap system does a better job trapping the lint.


what people are sayingerin m."very pleased with your product, best i have seen. easy to order, fast traceable shipping and simple install. perfect for my individualread more...— erin m. tacoma, wajohn c."this thing is amazing! no lint, no dust no nothing gets thru it's lint filter. i have used a few "water traps" over the years and nothing has worked like read more...— john c. dallas, txdave s."great product. my story is that i was having to dry a load of clothes twice, and even then they were damp. the electric company was thrilledread more...— dave s., roanoke, vateresa d."this product is excellant, we purchased a cheaper product from home depot and once i looked at the product in detailed, i realized it was not onread more...— teresa d., minot, nd









information

affiliate terms and conditions
about us
information
delivery information
privacy policy
terms & conditions
warranty



customer service

contact us
returns
site map



extras

brands
gift vouchers
affiliates
specials



my account

my account
order history
wish list
newsletter














powered by opencart indoor lint trap filter © 2025










