








department of engineering sciences



























skip to main content






metucomputer centerregistrar's officefaq














türkçe














department of engineering sciences






menu ▾home
about us ▾about the department
contact
location
ms, phd opportunities

courses ▾graduate courses
undergraduate courses

programs ▾curriculum
computational mechanics
biomechanics
bioengineering

people ▾faculty members
emeritus members
research assistants
part time members
administrative staff

research ▾research projects

 



















previous

pause

next






 



 








slide2 





slide 






 









 
the department of engineering sciences was established in 1969 within the faculty of engineering to encourage interdisciplinary education and research. the department offers graduate programs leading to master of science (m.s.) and doctor of philosophy (ph.d.) degrees in engineering sciences for the graduates of engineering, basic sciences and life sciences (i.e. medicine, dentistry, pharmacy). the department also offers undergraduate courses in mechanics and computational sciences to engineering students. the department is located at the central engineering building tower (merkez mühendislik binasi - mm binası) on floors 5 through 9. department's mechanics research laboratory is located at the entrance level of the four-floor main engineering building. 
the department of engineering sciences is responsible for teaching the core engineering curriculum to the undergraduate students of 12 enginering departments within the faculty of engineering. these fundamental courses can be grouped under three main categories: engineering mathematics, engineering mechanics and engineering statistics. the courses cover subjects that apply fundamentals of mathematics, mechanics and statistics to engineering problems. in es, their content is similar to the basic sciences and mechanics curriculum but with additions that allow a student to better consider engineering aspects. this is useful for the undergraduates of all engineering fields.
the department of engineering sciences (es) is unique at middle east technical university and within its faculty of engineering through its integration of established and emerging scientific theories into transformative approaches for engineering principles, analyses, simulations, design and practices. the department's role is to expand the curriculum beyond classical continuum mechanics by assimilating advances in the sciences into new approaches and tools. thus, es strives to be an internationally recognized focal program for the learning and discovery of multiscale interdisciplinary systems.
thus, the department of engineering sciences adds value to the middle east technical university since is one of the two departments of this kind in the country. the unique department has a distinguished history. the department has thirteen faculty members who are well known for their commitment to teaching strong fundamentals and conducting outstanding research. the department has faculty members who have backgrounds in engineering mechanics (the principles on which most areas of mechanical, aerospace, metallurgical, petroleum, civil, materials, even chemical and mining, engineering are based on) and engineering science (applied mathematicians, physicists, biologists and chemists). some have interests in aspects of materials engineering, information technology (management systems), and the life sciences. the national and international societies urgently need exactly these types of engineers.  the department fulfills a pressing social and international need.
engineering science is a broad term that encompasses many aspects of engineering and science. es emphasizes the mechanical sciences and so a a masters or ph.d. graduate of es will have a strong background in the mechanical sciences. depending upon the curricular options taken, this graduate should be able to pursue careers in research and development (r&d), academic fields, and engineering careers that are open to engineers from other disciplinary streams.
 









announcementsall announcements >>





es-undergraduate courses 2024-25-2 (spring) term registration announcement- new / news

capacities and criteria for suitable groups will be added this afternoon (at 13:30) for students (with an average of 2.0 or above) who have previously taken the es 303 undergraduate course and want...
13/02/2025


 


course registration announcement 2 / news

students who wants to take es221 should contact with course assistant çağrı i̇mamoğlu (icagri@metu.edu.tr)
students who wants to take es224 should contact with dr. ekin varlı (varli@metu.edu.tr)
ptng...
12/02/2025


 


es-undergraduate courses 2024-25-2 (spring) term registration announcement / news
1) for aee students who want to take es303 course, registration criteria will be added to suitable sections (according to capacities) on 14th of february, 2025, at 9:00. students who cannot...
10/02/2025


 

 












üniversiteler mahallesi, dumlupınar bulvarı no:1, 06800 çankaya/ankara © orta doğu tekni̇k üni̇versi̇tesi̇ ankara kampusu









