







bill miller home page





 



 

 

 














engineered to perform
	built to last 
	destined to win


         
	 







rods


pistons


wrist pins


gibson
			



miller supercharger


bme 
			dragster



aboutbme


contact us


home









rod overstock
		sale




supercharger
			dyno test




nitro class 
			chassis safety 



oil pump
		test



piston overstock
		sale










image: autoimagery


racers win with bill miller engineering



why do racers 
	choose bme? 

cutting-edge technology, premium 
	quality, bulletproof reliability and winning performance.

severe tests of competition 
	engine parts are quintessential american motorsports: nascar racing and nhra 
	drag racing. for over a generation, bill miller engineering forged aluminum 
	connecting rods, forged aluminum racing pistons, wrist pins and supercharger 
	parts have been winning races because they withstand those severe tests.

a fixture in drag racing since 
	1975, bme's flagship product, the forged aluminum connecting rod, has won 
	over 50 championships in drag racing classes for supercharged, nitromethane-fueled 
	engines. the most recent of those 50+ blown-fuel titles was del worsham's 
	2015 nhra funny car championship.









del worsham blazes off the 
				starting line during the toyota nationals at sonoma in 2016. 
				worsham would drive his bme-equipped nitro funny car to the 
				semifinal round. image: nhra




bme forged aluminum racing 
	pistons have won nine nascar championships,   most recently, daniel suraez's 
	2016 xfinity series title, erik jones' 2015 camping world truck championship 
	and tony stewart's 2005 sprint cup. bme pistons have won the daytona 500 
	five times, most recently in 2010 with jamie mcmurray and, most famously, in 
	1998, with seven-time champion, dale earnhardt sr. bme pistons are, also, 
	successful internationally. kre racing engines used them to win the most 
	hotly contested sedan road racing series in the world, the virgin australia 
	supercars championship, in five of the last seven years.

bme wrist pins are a benchmark 
	product in drag racing. in the 2016 nhra mellow yello drag racing series, 
	top fuel champion, antron brown, and five other top 10 t/f cars along with 
	all the top 10 nitro funny cars used them. bme pins have won championships 
	in both nhra nitro classes for six straight years, 2011-2016.

bill miller engineering's newest 
	race engine parts line is rotors and end frames for superchargers. during 
	2016, in 
	top fuel, 
	richie crampton and the 
	winningest t/f driver in history, 
	eight-time nhra champion, tony schumacher, 
	used bme rotors. nitro funny car drivers, matt hagen and "fast" jack 
	beckman, also, use them.

bme parts are not only quick on 
	the drag strip, they are some of the fastest on land. at bonneville in 2016, 
	danny thompson drove the "challenger 2" to a 
aa/fuel streamliner 
	record at 406.769-mph 
	using bme rods, pistons and wrist pins.

bill miller engineering is 
	totally committed to racers. we do continuous research and development at 
	tracks all over the world. the results of that are constantly being applied 
	to our products. this continuous improvement keeps us ahead of our 
	competitors and gives racers using bme products a winning advantage. 


at pomona, daytona, englishtown, 
	indianapolis, bristol, talladega and other tracks all over the world victory 
	comes with engine components made in the usa by bill miller engineering of 
	carson city, nevada. at bme, our mission is two-fold: 1) manufacture the 
	best-performing, highest-quality competition engine components and 2) 
	provide outstanding customer service. gives us a call, today, and let's talk 
	about how bme parts can make your race effort quicker, faster as well as 
	more consistent, reliable and durable.  













	 







rods




			pistons




			wrist pins



gibson 

miller
			 supercharger



bme 
			dragster




			contact us



about
			bme



home





 



bill miller engineering, ltd, 
			4895 convair drive, carson city, nevada 89706
phone: (775) 887 - 1299 
			fax: (775) 887 - 0390
email: 

bill@bmeltd.com 
 

			last 
			update: january  28, 2020    copyright 2020 
			bill miller engineering
			web page maintained by: cv world internet publishing














