



the time i spent on that clock tower was real. — livejournal























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































friendships
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














friendships







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






the time i spent on that clock tower was real.i'll never forget today's sunset.previous 10 entriesrecent entriesarchivefriends' entriesprofilememoriesflavors.me
 

 

 


10th-feb-2026 11:50 pm - friends only.friendshipsclosed. i'll add you if we know each other from somewhere else!my theme song » 「bet on it」 ♪ zac efron ħ × higurashi no naku koro ni × ±  hanyuu † ›› kingdom hearts (series) → sora (limit form) 』  ›› kingdom hearts (series); pairings ‹‹ roxas/sora ♥ 「suzumiya haruhi」 ♪ 「maggaare↓spectacle」「higurashi no naku koro ni」 ♪ 「nano desu☆」✖nunnally lamperouge ◈ code geass blogcrew✖✖pokémon trainer ◈ super smash brothers brawl blogcrew✖《 i can watch ❤ troy bolton ❤ in 彡[high school musical 2]彡 for hours 》《 i can watch ❤ link larkin ❤ in 彡[hairspray 2007]彡 for hours 》♪♫  i crank up the v o l u m e when  《kagamine len》 comes up on my i p o d ♪♫★ ★ v o c a l o i d ♬ ミ kiyone suzu ミ ★ ★★ ★ v o c a l o i d ♬ ミ 【 鏡音リン・レン】下剋上！ ミ ★ ★tags:friends onlymood:good

linkshareflag
 

 


8th-may-2012 12:24 pm - purged usernamesfriendships... i don't know why i keep this but oh well. hopefully it will be of some use?!adaptingadvisedcollectiblecompendiumconserveconservingdirectoriesenteredexploitationsexploitingintersectionmeldingmemorizationmentionedmindingnecromancersoverseeingpassedpretentiousnessreplicationrewardedtaggingthreadinghotorikimishimamikurubeamraimuryuuguushihotsuruyawatanagashi

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



1st-jan-2011 07:38 pm - ☆ 2010 lj scrapbookfriendships( don't say lazycollapse )

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


31st-jul-2010 10:38 am(no subject)friendshipstranslating random project diva 2nd stuff! feel free to skip over since this is mostly for my own reference, but if anyone else is playing and can't understand stuff, i hope this helps—?! also, i'm going through pretty slowly, so i'm missing a lot of things as of my posting this, but i'll be updating as i unlock things. sorry about that!( rhythm gamecollapse )character select: pretty self-explanatory.diva room: decorate the vocaloids' rooms! i'll get to this later.( shopcollapse )( play recordcollapse )edit modead-hocoptionssave: it's not really necessary in this game, since you can choose to autosave (thank god).return to title screen

1 commentspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



16th-jul-2010 07:15 pm(no subject)friendshipshey guys! i'm sorry if this is kind of sudden, but i'm doing a friends cut. it's the first time i've done something like this, but i'm not gonna lie—there's a bunch of you who were on my f-list, and i can't even remember how i met you. it's probably my fault too, really, since i know i've been sort of... really ignoring my personal journal these days. i really am going to try to do better from now on, but... well, i dunno, it's just kinda weird to be sharing things with people i don't really know. no offense, guys.you could also treat this as sort of a reverse cut, too? for anyone that wants to remove me, too. no hard feelings if you decide to. ♥so um, yeah! if you want to say something, you can leave a comment here (they're screened), or you can im me at the fourth alice or pm me, or... well, whatever you want, really! again, i'm sorry to do this, but i feel it's something i need to do, and i wish you guys luck in the future.edit: i am stupid, they are really screened now.

18 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



30th-may-2010 06:35 pm - my display name is making more and more sense.friendshipsvoicepost 673k 3:41







“pokémon parody of telephone a la youngster joey. i apologize in advance, but... well this is completely misha's fault--and i guess the people at the pokémon comm that wrote this in the first place--so blame them instead. :| original thread: http://community.livejournal.com/pokemon/3682471.html?thread=65563303#t65563303”transcribed by: friendships( lyrics!!collapse )also i may be recording a serious version of this in the future. look out for it. maybe.

6 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



22nd-may-2010 07:13 pm - voice postfriendshipsvoicepost 959k 5:08







“"the king of rhymes" - littlekuriboh. i don't even know i was bored. i tried my best to do the different voices this time sob. it is my goal to be able to do leather pants someday... dammit lj why did you cut me off”transcribed by: friendships

1 commentspeaklinkshareflag
 

 


25th-dec-2009 02:58 pm - ☆ the fire is so delightfulfriendships... or whatever holiday you choose to celebrate during this time! regardless of what you do today, i hope you all have an awesome day. ♥ i was going to shoop something horrifying at first like some other people but decided to be nice. as for christmas cards, i am unfortunately getting them out late this year. ): they'll probably be coming around new year's, so keep your eyes peeled...!also, made a spam post over at my musebox! feel free to bring your characters and set them loose. o>mood:happy

1 commentspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



7th-nov-2009 12:00 am - ☆ gotta catch 'em all!friendshipstable idea courtesy of tsunderes! and yes, i realize i screwed up and didn't start with chikorita 8( i will make it up someday.okay you know what screw this i'm just going to list them in national dex numerical order instead of capture/evolution order before i go crazy.( a kid from pallet town with a brand new world to seecollapse )mood:nerdymusic:pokémon - double trouble (team rocket) | powered by last.fm

8 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 


19th-jun-2009 10:22 am - anime_lj_tcg tat;;friendships( では、電話は誰でしたか？collapse )music:kagamine len - world is mine | powered by last.fm

41 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 
previous 10 entriestop of page this page was loaded feb 16th 2025, 9:12 am gmt.  































