



www.misslillie.com

 









(lillie)  does  not  reflect  on  the  days  of  her  life,  because  god  keeps  her  occupied  with  gladness  of  heart.
~ ecclesiastes  5:20 ~



          click here to read  ms. lillie's latest gaither  and other press articles
                  



 
              









ms. lillie sings o' happy day ~  
click above to start/stop music


welcome to www.misslillie.com
here you will find the most current information on this 
                gospel singing artist, ms. lillie knauls! 
            her music, her life, her ministry, her fans, and more, are all here!







 











 





















 






the  ministry  god  gave  me  over  50  years  ago  is  "good  ground" .... so  if  you  would  like  to  help  me  carry  the  "good  news"  in  word  and  song .... you  may  easily  make  a  tax  deductible  donation ....  god  will  "make  you  a  blessing  to  me" .... and  lives   will  be  touched  as  i  minister.   so thank you for  any  amount  you  invest ...  paypal   is   very   easy  












 ms. lillie's facebook & blog!
                  click the logos!
  


e-mail ms. lilliesinger@misslillie.com

ms. lillie's tour schedule



concert posters, please click images  below to enlarge view or download as pdf (opens in new window)








click here to see photos from ms. lillie at   gaither homecoming video taping 2016




there are many pages within this website. please click the following links, or click on the hats to your left to explore the pages.
home: {you are here}
tour schedule: includes ms. lillie's newsletter so you can read about where ms. lillie has been and view her tour schedule to see where she is going to be.
video page: here are some videos of ms. lillie singing on gaither homecoming and other tv shows.
ms. lillie's homecoming articles: read some of the recent articles ms. lillie has written for bill & gloria gaither's homecoming magazine.
products/store: have a favorite song of ms. lillie's? here's her music and ordering information of all her products.
hats: photos: hats, hats and more hats! see why ms. lillie is so famous for her amazing hat collection!
lillie singing: see photos of  what ms. lillie does best, sing! 
celebrity:  ms. lillie has lots of friends! here are photos of the most famous! 
bio: learn more about ms. lillie's story and view images of her life.
gaither video homecoming friends: photos of ms. lillie with gaither homecoming friends. 
comments from.....:  read recommendation letters from venues that ms. lillie has ministered.
fanbook: view ms. lillie's fanbook, send her a note, or read what others have written.
 hawaii: for 10 years, ms. lillie lived in hawaii. here are some photos and stories.
links: visit ms. lillie's favorite gospel music links.
ordination: ms. lillie's ordination photos.
click here to see ms. lillie's dove award winner photos.  
85th birthday (april '23) - sorry we are behind, photos to be posted soon....
classic 80th birthday luau (april' 18) - ms. lillie celebrated her 80th birthday by having a hawaiian luau. 132 friends gathered to help celebrate with her. hope you enjoy the photos. 
milestone 75th birthday cruise (april' 13) - ms. lillie celebrated her 75th birthday by taking a fabulous caribbean cruise aboard the world's largest ship, the allure of the seas! read about highlights of the cruise and see some of the fun photos from the cruise. 
milestone 70th birthday cruise (april' 08) - ms. lillie celebrated her 70th birthday by taking a fabulous mexican riviera cruise. see some of the fun photos from the cruise with over 100 guests who joined her.

 
contact:
ms. lillie knauls
                home: 
                909-948-2448
                cell: 909-728-1010
                
                e-mail:  singer@misslillie.com
please include your phone number
                when contacting ms. lillie
 

back to top







home | blog! | new - videos of ms. lillie singing | tour schedule | ms. lillie's newsletters and other publications |  ms. lillie's music and products | photos with celebrities | photos of ms. lillie singing | ms. lillie's bio | fan book |  hawaii | photos - ms. lillie's hats | links | photos with  gaither homecoming friends |  article - ms. lillie "the hat lady" | ms. lillie's homecoming magazine articles | article - christian voice magazine | article - single & satisfied | comments from...... | photos - ms. lillie's ordination | ms. lillie's dove award | 70th birthday cruise | 75th birthday cruise   | 80th birthday luau | contact or e-mail ms. lillie








 designed by: wimberly's web works
 








