
the truth about 911 - here are 11 question for georg w. bush










the truth about 911 - here are 111 questions for georg w. bush















 








sign in
sign-up




 




 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close



wenn sie deutsch sprechen, klicken sie
hier!


http://www.veritas.20m.com/wahrheit.html
 
this
site is the best summary of the events of september 11, 2001. most information has been taken from other websites. i have tried to
list up all the websites from which i have taken all the evidence. in case i
should have forgotten some - please, forgive me. obviously, this page is not
for commercial purposes anyway, but only for the purpose of truth. i thank
everybody for their cooperation! suggestions and comments, please, write to  veritas2002@mail2world.com

for
obvious reasons, i cannot give my name. call me mr. veritas.
 
if you have found this webpage, please copy it immediately
onto an empty floppy disc. hide the disc. i have left out any pictures so that
the memory is as low as possible. give word of this webpage only to trustworthy
persons. in case, somebody has succeeded in closing my webpage down, give a
copy of your floppy to somebody you trust. spread the word of truth. let us
together prevent more tragedies!
 
click here
for a surprise photo:
http://veritas.20m.com/images/pentagonfraud.jpg


dedicated to william cooper, a 911-sceptic and famous controversial talk show
radio host, who was killed by a county sheriff during an attempted arrest
 
dedicated to 5000 civilian people who died in afghanistan
 
dedicated to the truth
and
all the innocent who had to die for a lie
 
 
this is a webpage about the terrible events of september
11th, 2001.
nobody will ever forget the tragedy that happened that
day and the shock it produced in us.
however, if you think, you have experienced the greatest
shock of your life... well, i am afraid, you'll have
to sit down again... to get ready for an even bigger shock!
 
in wartime,
truth is so precious that she should always be guarded by a bodyguard of lies.
-- winston
churchill
 
if tyranny and
oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign
enemy.
-- james madison
while a united states congressman
 
 
are you among the ones
that asked themselves why? and
how?
 
we have found a few
more why?s and how?s!
check this!
 
however, before we go into
detail, let's recall the official story:
 
1.     
on the morning of september 11th four boeing passenger jets were
hijacked within an hour by nineteen arab terrorists armed with boxcutters.
these nineteen on-board hijackers overpowered the flight attendants and forced
their way into the cabin. 
2.     
pilots among these terrorists, having acquired the necessary
flying skills from training courses and flight manuals, overpowered the pilots,
took control of the boeings and changed course toward targets in new
  york city and washington d.c.
3.     
the terrorists flew them expertly to their targets, met absolutely
no opposition from the u.s.
authorities (including the u.s. air force) responsible for safeguarding america's
airspace, hit those targets and killed themselves.
4.     
two of the boeings were deliberately crashed into the twin towers,
causing raging fires within which melted the steel supporting structures,
thereby causing the buildings to collapse completely, killing several thousand
american citizens and others.
5.     
a third boeing was deliberately crashed into the pentagon. 
6.     
passengers on the fourth plane overpowered the hijackers and
caused the plane to crash in pennsylvania. 
7.      this
was an attack on america and
it was planned and directed by osama bin laden as the leader of al-qa'idah, an
anti-u.s. international terrorist organization composed mainly of arabs. 
 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
as a matter of fact, i really would like
to ask those questions to mr. georg w. bush!
are you ready, mr. president? thank you
for your time! could you maybe answer a few questions?
oh, hang on. we know that, as an
illuminati friend, you like numbers. therefore i have picked 111 questions for
you.
 
111 easy questions for the
president of the united states of america:
 
i have kept them really easy, and, to
keeps things easy and clear, in chronological order.
there we go, mr. president!
 
 
long
before 9/11/2001
 
question
no. 1
- how was that terrorist attack only
possible? in view of the $30 billion (or is it $40 billion) given annually to
the fbi, the cia and other u.s. "intelligence" agencies, why
were these agencies completely unaware (or so they say) of this terrorist attack
before they saw its results on cnn? 
question
no. 2  
- why did the cia train various fundamentalist islamic groups in afghanistan in the late 1970s and early 80s, some of
which later became the taliban government? in fact, the u.s.
government admits to giving the groups at least 6 billion dollars in
military aid and weaponry, a staggering sum that would be even larger in
today's dollars.
question no. 3  
- why did the gop in congress stop almost
every move clinton made against terrorism? they
refused to believe reports and pass necessary legislation. in 1996 clinton
proposed a very extensive anti-terrorism regulation. 
question
no. 4  
- why was the series of recommendations al
gore put together in 1996 on airport security called by republican congress
"paranoid" and too harsh. why did the airline industry, lobbying
against it, consider it too expensive and impractical.

question
no. 5  
- why was it decided to cancel building a unocal pipeline from turkmenistan across afghanistan to the pakistani coast for the purpose of selling oil and gas to china?
question no. 6  
- why
was the taliban regime given $43 million in
may 2001?
question no. 7  
- why did you stop inquiries into
terrorist connections of the bin laden family in early 2001, mr. president?
question
no. 8  
- why was the domain
saudi-binladin-group.com created on september 11th,
 2000?
question
no. 9  
- why did bin laden have a kidney
operation in july 2001 in dubai in an american hospital?
reminder:
he arrived on july 4, 2001 on a
flight from qetta, pakistan. he was at the hospital july 4-11, 2001.
question
no. 10  
- why was bin laden visited by cia agent
larry mitchell in dubai?
question
no. 11 
- why didn't the cia react, when jean-claude cousseran, director dgse,
french secret service, informed about terrorist attacks on america?
question
no. 12
- why didn't the cia react, when italian deputy prime minister
gianfranco fini informed about a possible attack on the american president
"with the use of an airplane"?
question
no. 13
- why didn't the cia react, when president mubarak from egypt informed
about a possible attack on america with an "airplane stuffed with
explosives"?
question
no. 14
- why didn't the cia react, when efraim halevy, director of mossad since
1998, informed the cia about a possible attack with "200 terrorists"
on america?
question
no. 15
- why didn't the cia react, when dr. august hanning, president of bnd
(bundesnachrichtendienst germany) informed that "middle eastern terrorists
are 'planning to hijack commercial aircraft ?"
question
no. 16 
- why
were 25,000 british troops and the largest british armada since the falkland
islands war, part of operation 'essential harvest' pre-positioned in oman, the
closest point on the arabian peninsula to pakistan before september 11, 2001? 
 
 
 
before 9/11/2001
question
no. 17
- why did your brother "jeb", governor of florida, declare martial
law in florida just 4 days
before 9-11?
reminder:
he signed florida executive order no. 01-261 on
friday, september 7, which states, in part: 
"i hereby delegate to the
adjutant general of the state of florida all necessary authority, within
approved budgetary appropriations or grants, to order members of the florida
national guard into active service, as defined by section 250.27, florida
statutes, for the purpose of training to support law-enforcement personnel and
emergency-management personnel in the event of civil disturbances or natural
disasters and to provide training support to law-enforcement personnel and
community-based organizations relating to counter drug operations. this
executive order shall remain in full force and effect until the earlier of its
revocation or june 30, 2003." 
 
question
no. 18
- why would devout muslims frequent
bars, drink alcoholic beverages and leave their bibles?
 
question
no. 19
- why would the hijackers use credit cards and allow drivers licenses
with photos to be zeroxed?
question
no. 20
- why was john o'neill, former deputy
director of the fbi, sabotaged in his al-quaeda investigation and had to resign
in july 2001?
reminder:
he said in a former interview with
investigative journalists brisard and dasquie ("bin laden-the forbidden
truth"): 
"the main obstacles to investigate islamic terrorism were us
oil corporate interests and the role played by saudi arabia in it." 
after he resigned in protest over this
obstruction in july 2001, he was offered a new a job as a security chief in the
wtc and died on september 11th. 
question
no. 21
- why did the saudi-binladin-group have a
website with a pre-set expiration date of sept. 11, 2001? 
question
no. 22
- why was there such a dramatic and abnormal
increase in sales of put options? on september 6-7,
 2001 —
4,744 put options (a speculation that the stock will go down) are purchased on
united air lines stock as opposed to only 396 call options (speculation that
the stock will go up). 
question
no. 23
- why did the us pull the plug on muslim websites monday september 10,
2001?
question
no. 24
- why
was security meeting scheduled for 9/11cancelled by wtc management on 9/10?
question
no. 25
- why did fema, the federal emergency management department, arrive already on september 10th, as fema spokesman tom kenney said
in an cbs interview with dan rather?
 
 
 
on 9/11/2001
question
no. 26
- why did 17,000 u.s. troops join more than 23,000 nato troops
in egypt for operation 'bright star' on 9/11?
question
no. 27
- why did you warn ariel sharon not to travel to new york on september 11 to speak at a festival?
question
no. 28
- why were there so low occupancy rates?
the
four aa and ua jets took off with an average occupancy rate of 27%. that four
airliners from major airlines leaving from the east coast around 9 a.m. on a weekday
for the west coast would all have such low occupancy rates is highly unlikely.
question
no. 29
- why didn't jets intercept the airliners
since they had numerous warnings of terrorist attacks?
 
 
 
official timeline of
events:
 



7:59 a.m.


aa flight 11, a boeing 767, leaves logan airport, boston, headed for los angeles, with between 76 and 81
  passengers and 11 crew members aboard, later suppossedly piloted by mohammed atta.
 




8:10 a.m


aa flight 77, a boeing 757, takes off
  from dulles airport  in northern virginia bound for los angeles, with between 50 and 58
  passengers and six crew members aboard, later suppossedly piloted by hani hanjour.
 




8:13 a.m.


ua flight 175, a boeing 767, departs
  from logan airport, boston, for los angeles with between 47 and 56
  passengers and nine crew members aboard, later suppossedly piloted by marwanal-al-shehhi.
 




8:41 a.m.


ua flight 93, a boeing 757, scheduled to
  leave newark airport at 8:01 a.m. for san francisco, is late and does not depart
  until 8:41 a.m., taking off with between 26
  and 38 passengers and seven crew members on board.
 




8:47 a.m.


the north tower is hit by aa flight 11. the
  plane hits the tower directly, in the center, and a huge explosion
  immediately follows the impact.
 




9:02 a.m.


the south tower is hit by ua flight 175. the
  plane hits the tower toward a corner and at a shallow angle, and
  comparatively little of the jet fuel enters the building, most being consumed
  in the fireball.
 




9:40 a.m.


aa flight 77 crashes into the pentagon
 




9:59 a.m.


the south tower collapses.
 




10:28 a.m.


the north tower collapses.
 




10:06a.m.


ua flight 93 crashed at pennsylvania



 
 
case 1:  american airlines flight 11
crashes into the
world trade center
 
 
question
no. 30
- why would hijackers intending to crash
planes into the wtc hijack jets taking off from boston rather than from someplace closer such as
jfk airport in new york? 
question
no. 31
- why are there so different versions
about the cockpit conversations of this flight? (both versions published in
newspapers, look at the dates!)
boston airport officials said they did not spot the plane's
course until it had crashed, and said the control tower had no unusual
communications with the pilots or any crew member." (the
washington post, september
 12, 2001,
"at logan airport, nobody saw plane's sharp turn
south," pg. a
10.)
 
compare to this one:
an
american airlines pilot stayed at the helm of hijacked flight 11 much of the
way from boston to new
  york, sending
surreptitious radio transmissions to authorities on the ground as he flew. 
because the pilot's voice was seldom heard in these covert
transmissions, it was not clear to the listening air-traffic controllers
which of the two pilots was flying the boeing 767. what is clear is that
the pilot was secretly trying to convey to authorities the flight's desperate
situation, according to controllers familiar with the tense minutes after
flight 11 was hijacked.
the story goes on to say that the conversations were
overheard by the controllers because the pilot had pushed a
"push-to-talk" button. "when he [the pilot] pushed the button
and the terrorist spoke, we knew. there was this voice that was threatening the
pilot, and it was clearly threatening. during these transmissions, the pilot's
voice and the heavily accented voice of a hijacker were clearly audible
...." ("controllers' tale of flight 11," the
christian science monitor, september 13, 2001.)
question
no. 32
- why disappeared the man who video-recorded
the first plane hitting the tower, from the media? who was it
anyway?
question
no. 33
- why did jack kelly, idefense.com, inform
usa today only 12
minutes after the first crash (8:47a.m.), that terror groups using web encryption
may have been responsible? and why was he so sure before the second crash at 9:02 p.m.? 
question
no. 34
- why were there no passengers in the
subway under the wtc?
question
no. 35
- why was there no guard at the gold reservoir under the wtc?
question
no. 36
- why did fighters of the 305th air wing,
mcguire air force base, nj not intercept the 2nd
hijacked plane in nyc? this would have been possible within 7
minutes after 8:48 am.
question
no. 37
- why did mohammed atta leave his bag at the airport and the employees
didn't put it on board?
question
no. 38
- how can we be sure it it was his bag?
question
no. 39
- why would mr. atta take luggage on a suicide mission
anyway?
question
no. 40
- why was atta allowed to
study since he was stopped by the police for driving without a license and also
for violating his visa?
 
 
 
case 2: the destruction
of the
world trade center
 
question
no. 41
- why have so many witnesses seen and
heard more than two explosions in the wtc?
louie cacchioli, 51, is a
firefighter assigned to engine 47 in harlem. 
“we were
the first ones in the second tower after the plane struck. i was taking
firefighters up in the elevator to the 24th floor to get in position to
evacuate workers. on the last trip up a bomb went off. we think there was bombs
set in the building. i had just asked another firefighter to stay with me,
which was a good thing because we were trapped inside the elevator and he had
the tools to get out.”
 
question
no. 42
- why did the south tower
collapse first, 56 minutes after it was hit, rather than the north tower (which
was hit first and collapsed 1 hour and 44 minutes after being hit), even though
the fire in the north tower (the alleged cause of the collapse) was more
intense? 
reminder:
examination of the times of the
events of september 11th provides further evidence that it was not the fires that caused the twin towers to collapse. the north tower was hit first, at 8:45 a.m. the plane (or some object, not necessarily a large
passenger jet) hit the tower directly, in the center, and a huge explosion
immediately followed the impact. then at 9:03 a.m. the south tower was hit, but whoever was controlling the
plane did not manage a direct hit; rather the plane hit the tower toward a
corner and at a shallow angle, and comparatively little of the jet fuel entered
the building, most being consumed in the fireball. since the plane and its fuel
initially shared a common trajectory, after impact the metallic components of
the plane followed much the same path as the jet fuel. this path was through
one corner of the south tower. the steel beams
bearing most of the load were located in the center of the tower, and thus most
of the metal from the plane would not have hit the central steel beams, which would
thus have remained largely undamaged
by the impact. 
thus neither the plane impact nor
the fire damaged the south tower sufficiently to
account for its collapse, so the south tower collapsed from some
other cause. 
the fire in the south tower was thus less intense
than that in the north tower. but the south tower collapsed first, at 9:59
 a.m., 56 minutes after impact, whereas the north tower collapsed at 10:29 a.m., 1 hour and 44 minutes after impact. had the fires been
the cause of the collapse then the north tower, with its more
intense fire, would have collapsed first. or, put another way, had the fires
been the cause of the collapse then the south tower, hit after the north tower, and subjected to a less intense fire, would
have collapsed after (not before)
the north tower collapsed.
 
question
no. 43
- why are the architect's plans of the twin towers not publicly available? 
what exactly was the
nature of the structural connections between the outer perimeter wall and the
central core of the two towers? is it not false
that this consisted only of lightweight flimsy trusses? is it not the case that
the connection was actually made with 32,000
tons of steel beams? 
 
question
no. 44
- why did the twin towers not buckle and bent, and topple over onto
the surrounding buildings in the lower manhattan financial district?
reminder:
the twin towers were designed to survive the impact of a boeing
707, which in weight, size and speed is similar to a boeing 767 (the kind of
jet which hit the south tower). had one
of the towers collapsed, that would have been amazing. that both of them collapsed, quickly, neatly
and symmetrically (without falling over onto the surrounding buildings in
manhattan's financial district), collapsed completely
into fragments, ash and huge clouds of dust — with no remains of their central massive vertical steel columns left
standing — solely as a result of the plane impacts and the resulting fires,
is, upon examination, unbelievable,
despite what the so-called "experts" say. 
 
question
no. 45
- how could the twin towers collapse neatly upon themselves in the
manner of an expertly controlled demolition? 
whatever damage the fires did
would not have been evenly distributed (especially in the case of the south tower, where the jet struck
a corner of the building). if the collapse was due to the fires then it too
would be irregular, with parts of the twin towers remaining intact and
connected while other parts fell. but both towers collapsed completely
symmetrically, with the floors pancaking upon themselves, exactly as we have seen in other cases of controlled
demolition of tall buildings. 
 
it is interesting to note that the contractor whose people
were the first on the wtc collapse scene
— to cart away the rubble that remains — is the same contractor who demolished
and hauled away the shell of the bombed oklahoma city murrah building. the name
of the contractor is controlled demolition! — the blockbuster
could there be more of a connection between these two
building collapses than the identity of the contractor who supervised the
removal of the debris?
 
question
no. 46
- why were such huge quantities of ash and
dust produced? how could fire convert concrete into dust? has the ash been
chemically analysed to determine what it really is and how it might have been
produced? 
 
- were any tests done on the debris for the presence of
radioactivity? 
question
no. 47
- how can jet fuel burning in an enclosed
space (with little oxygen available for combustion) actually produce
temperatures high enough (1538°c, i.e. 2800°f) to melt massive steel beams (and
all the steel beams, since steel conducts heat efficiently) enclosed in concrete
in just 56 minutes? 
reminder:
clearly the towers did not collapse because of the plane
impacts alone, because both towers stood for 45 to 90 minutes after impact. the
official explanation, parroted faithfully by the mainstream media, is that the towers
collapsed because burning jet fuel caused the steel girders supporting them to
melt. let us examine this hypothesis as to its credibility. 
much (perhaps, in the case of the second impact, as much as
two-thirds) of the jet fuel was consumed immediately in the fireballs which
erupted when the planes hit the towers. furthermore, according to one fema
investigator (jonathan barnett), most of the jet fuel which managed to enter
the towers was consumed within ten minutes. 
the twin towers were giving off a lot of black sooty smoke, but
there was little fire visible. but to melt steel you need the high temperature
produced by, e.g., an oxy-acetylene torch. jet fuel burning in air (especially
in an enclosed space within a building, where there is much smoke and little
available oxygen) just won't do it. and if the steel columns had melted, would
this have produced the implosive collapse observed? if the columns had melted
it is unlikely that the resulting structural weakness would be completely
symmetrical (as required when a building collapses upon itself in a controlled
demolition). irregularity in an uncontrolled collapse would have produced the
kind of collapse in which concrete and steel girders would have rained down
over a wide area (causing huge damage to the surrounding buildings in lower manhattan and many fatalities among their occupants).
this did not happen. these considerations (and others, given below, concerning
the probable maximum temperature of the fire) show that the claim that
thousands of liters of burning jet fuel produced a raging inferno and caused
the steel columns to melt is extremely dubious, and does not account for the
collapse of the towers.
 
a convincing case (with numerous
web references supporting his argument) that the twin towers did not collapse because of the fires has
been given by j. mcmichael: 
using
jet fuel to melt steel is an amazing discovery, really. ... ironworkers fool
with acetylene torches, bottled oxygen, electric arcs from generators, electric
furnaces, and other elaborate tricks, but what did these brilliant terrorists
use? jet fuel, costing maybe 80 cents a gallon on the open market.... heating
steel is like pouring syrup onto a plate: you can't get it to stack up. the
heat just flows out to the colder parts of the steel, cooling off the part you
are trying to warm up. ... am i to believe that the fire burned all that time,
getting constantly hotter until it reached melting temperature [1538°c, not
800°c as was reported]? or did it burn hot and steady throughout until 200,000
tons of steel [the amount of steel in one of the twin towers] were
heated molten — on one plane load of jet fuel? ... — muslims suspend laws of physics!
part i
 
in a sequel to this article
j. mcmichael writes:
... the maximum temperature in the unprotected steel supports in
those test fires [in the u.k., japan, the u.s. and australia] was
360 degrees c (680 f), and that is a long way from the first critical threshold
in structural steel, 550 degrees c (1022 f). ... i think the case is made: the
fire did not weaken the wtc structure sufficiently to cause the collapse of the
towers. — muslims suspend laws of physics!
part ii
                                                                       
question
no. 48
- why did the seismograph
operated by columbia university’s lamont-doherty earth observatory record two
"sharp spike of short duration" at 9: 59 am and at 10:28 am? 
reminder:
a report was published by the
american geophysical union in the november 20 issue of eos, but the authors misinterpreted the data. they assumed, and
thus reported, that the two largest signals were caused by the collapses of the
twin towers. but: 
during the collapse, most of the energy of
the falling debris was absorbed by the towers and the neighboring structures,
converting them into rubble and dust or causing other damage — but not causing
significant ground shaking. — dr. arthur lerner-lam, director of columbia
university's center for hazards and risk research, as quoted in earth institute news 
so if most of the energy of the
falling debris was dissipated and was not the cause of the major spikes in the
seismic record then what was? perhaps massive explosions in the lowest  basements of the twin towers, besides the
supporting steel columns where they met the manhattan bedrock? perhaps even
small nuclear explosions? 
 
question
no. 49
- why was the debris from the collapsed twin towers removed from the site with no forensic
examination? why was almost all of it sold to scrap merchants and shipped abroad where it would not be available for
scientific examination? 
reminder:
mayor guilani sold wtc
rubble to india for recycling and also china.
 
- who stood to benefit from the complete destruction of the twin towers? 
question no. 50
- how could building 7, also known as
salomon brothers' building, explode while both towers had still been burning?
check this:
http://www.lebensaspekte.de/groundzero/collapse7.html
 
question no. 51
- how could the building 7 be totally flattened at the ground,
when the us customhouse, which is between the north tower and building 7, was
not flattened at all?
check this:
http://matmcveagh.50g.com/tbp/conspiracy/intrigue/terrorism/wtc-ct-po-wagthewtc_2.htm
 
question no. 52
- why did the areas beneath the surface of the twin
towers remain intensely hot for a week after the collapse of the twin towers?
reminder:
aviris data collected on september
16, 2001, revealed a number of thermal hot spots in the region where the wtc
buildings collapsed. analysis of the data indicated temperatures greater than
800of in these hot spots (some over 1300of). — u. s. geological survey report 
what was the source of this heat? could it have been
residual heat from underground nuclear explosions? 
 
 
 
case 3: american
airlines flight 77
crashes into the
the pentagon
 
question no. 53
- why would hijackers intending to crash a
plane into the pentagon hijack a jet from dulles airport near washington dc
(and thus close to the pentagon) and allow it to fly for 40 minutes away from
its target before turning around and flying another 40 minutes back to it
(knowing that interception by military jets during this time would in normal
circumstances have been very likely)? 
question no. 54
- why did none of the 459th aircraft
squadron (andrews afb) fighters intercept the plane which crashed into the
pentagon? 
reminder:
andrews afb is 10 miles from washington dc, 13 miles from the
pentagon. why didn't dr. james g. roche, secretary of the air force try to
reach the airplanes in nyc (7 minutes time for mcguire afb in new jersey ) and
at the pentagon (10 minutes time)? he had one hour and fifteen minutes to
respond to the plane that hit the pentagon. what happened during that time?
 
question no. 55
- why did nobody attack the terrorists on
board the plane?
flight attendant michelle
heidenberger was on board flight 77. she had been "trained to handle a
hijacking. she knew not to let anyone in the cockpit. she knew to tell the
hijacker that she didn't have a key and would have to call the pilots. none of
her training mattered." ( "on flight 77: 'our plane is being hijacked'," the washington post, september
 12, 2001, pgs. a 1, 11.) 
 
question no. 56
- how could an arab pilot with little flight experience perform
such extraordinary maneuvering?
reminder:
according to the official story, as
reported by the new york times (international herald tribune, 2001-10-17, p.8),
the boeing 757, aa flight 77, which struck the pentagon executed a 270-degree
7,000-foot descent over washington while flying at 500 mph. 
marcel bernard, the chief flight
instructor at the airport, said the man named hani hanjour went into the air in
a cessna 172 with instructors from the airport three times beginning the second
week of august and had hoped to rent a plane from the airport. ... instructors
at the school told bernard that after three times in the air, they still felt
he was unable to fly solo ... — the prince george's
journal (maryland), 2001-09-18, as quoted in operation 911: no suicide pilots
question no. 57
- why was this sharp turn
done anyway? why not hit directly?
reminder:
by shifting the plane's position so
radically, flight 77 managed to hit the side of the pentagon *directly
opposite* the side on which the offices of the secretary of defense and joint
chief of staff were located. (coincidentally, flight 77 hit the offices of army
operations (us news and world report, sept. 14, 2001, pg. 25. recall, it was
the army that warned of the possibility that israel's mossad might make a
terror attack against the us.) 
 
also check the the washington post: alleged hijackers
nawaq alhazmi (flight 77), khaid al-midhar (flight 77) and hani hanjour (flight
77) all spent time in san diego. 
 
"two of the men, alhazmi and al-midhar, also briefly attended a
local fight school, but they were dropped because of their limited english and
incompetence at the controls...." 
"last spring, two of the men visited
montgomery field, a community airport ... and sought
flying lessons. they spoke to instructors at sorbi's flying club, which allowed
them to take only two lessons before advising them to quit. "
"their english was horrible, and
their mechanical skills were even worse," said an instructor, who asked
not to be named. "it was like they had hardly even ever driven a car ..." 
"they seemed like nice guys,"
the instructor said, "but in the plane, they were dumb and dumber."
("san diegans see area as likely target," the washington post,
september 24, 2001, pg. a7.)
question
no. 58
- according to the official story, the plane approached the pentagon on
a horizontal trajectory (so as to maximize the damage to the building) so low
that it clipped the power lines across the street (but somehow managed to squeeze between two poles which were separated
by less than the wingspan of a boeing 757). how was that possible?
question no. 59
- why was no plane seen at the pentagon?
question no. 60
- why were there no photos or videos of
the pentagon plane?
question no. 61
- why was there no investigative reporting
of the pentagon scene? the photos do not show much, but then photographers were
not allowed, initially, to photograph the scene, right?
question no. 62
- why is the entrance hole that small?
reminder: 
photographic evidence reveals that it was in fact at most just a
few meters in diameter, much too small to have been made by a boeing 757 jet,
but just the right size for a missile? 
question no. 63
- why didn't the wings of the
pentagon plane damage the building?
question no. 64
- why were no aircraft fragments,
identifiable as coming from a boeing 757, recovered from the pentagon crash
site? 
question no. 65
- why were no remains of the approximately
sixty passengers and crew on the jet which allegedly hit the pentagon returned
to relatives for burial? 
question no. 66
- why have the
voice recorder, the flight protocols or 2 black boxes from pennsylvannia never
been made public by the fbi?
 
 
case 4: united airlines
flight 93
crashes in 
pennsylvania 
 
question
no. 67
mr. president, please, let’s have a look at the evidence:
-  
flight 77 leaves dulles international airport at 8:20 am. 
-  
flight 77's transponder is turned off at 8:56 am. 
the fact that flight 77's
transponder was turned off means only that the aircraft stopped transmitting
its name and altitude, etc, but it was still very visible to radar. 
-  
flight 77 disappears from all radar screens a couple of minutes later,
somewhere near the ohio border. 
-  
an aircraft appears on radar south of washington dc, close to the city. 
-  
this aircraft eventually crashes into the pentagon. 
so the aircraft that crashed into
the pentagon could not possibly have been flight 77. this is simply because, if
it had flown from the ohio border back to washington dc it would have been
visible to radar for the entire trip. and, we are told that it was not. so
given this, 
why do most people
believe that flight 77 hit the pentagon? because the media told them so? is this the only reason that most believe flight 77 hit
the pentagon? but the evidence (without
even examining the pentagon scene itself) already says that this is
impossible! i wonder how flight 77 could sneak all the way from the ohio border
to washington dc without being spotted by any of the multitude of radar
stations in the area? 
question no. 68
- why did nobody react, when danielle o'brien, air traffic controller,
informed another air traffic control center about a plane traveling fast
southwest of dulles after spotting it 8:18 am on september 11?
question no. 69
- how did rumsfeld know at 5:30 pm on september 11 that the plane in pennsylvania could have been headed for one of three
possible targets: camp
 david, the
white house or the u.s. capitol building? 
question no. 70
- why did air traffic controllers in a nashua telegraph article report an f-16 was circling
flight 93 and was in visual range at the time of crash - and why does the
government currently deny that?
comment:
of these two, who is more likely to be accurate?
question no. 71
- why has the fbi told air traffic
controllers not to talk with the press under threat of prosecution? 
question no. 72
- why did many ear- and eye witnesses,
including workers of the road construction company new enterprise, say they saw or heard f-16 jets ?
question no. 73
- why can norad, the north american aerospace defense
command, not explain this particular sonic boom at 9:22 am near pennsylvania?
reminder:
evidence from the seismic record
indicates there was at least one supersonic warplane within striking distance
of flight 93 on the fateful morning of september 11, 2001. a signal exhibiting
the seismic signature characteristic of a passing sonic boom was recorded at
9:22 a.m. local time by an earthquake monitoring station in southern
pennsylvania. this station is just 60 miles from the abandoned stripmine in
somerset county where the boeing 757-200 hit the earth at 10:06.
question no. 74
- why was
metallic debris
found 8 miles from the crash site of the plane that went down in penn? 
reminder:
they said it went straight down
and left a small hole in the ground. if they found metallic debris from the
plane 8 miles away it was either shot down or a bomb exploded in the plane.
question no. 75
- why were magazines of that plane found
20 miles away from the crash? 
question no. 76
- if this plane was not shot down, but
rather remained intact until hitting the ground, how could this debris travel
the six miles from the crash site to indian lake in minutes when there was only
a 10 mph wind blowing? (for wind-borne debris to travel six miles in, say, six
minutes requires a 60 mph wind.) 
"workers at indian lake marina [six miles from the place where ua flight 93 crashed] said
that they saw a cloud of confetti-like debris descend on the lake and nearby
farms minutes after hearing the explosion that signaled the crash [or the
attack on the jet] at 10:06 a.m.
tuesday." (pittsburg post gazette, sept. 13, 2001) 
question no. 77
- why did they not let the media or any
reporters take video or photos of the crash site?
question no. 78
- why did the plane leave
such a strange pattern of debris?
 
 
 
after  9/11/2001
question no. 79
- why were the bin ladens flown out of the u.s. on private jets the
day after the 9/11?
question no. 80
- how were all
hijackers
identified just 2 days after the attack?
reminder:
considering that all
persons on board all four planes died, how did the fbi come up so quickly with
a list of names of the alleged nineteen arab hijackers — including aliases used
by fourteen of them, in some cases seven aliases (see the atlanta
journal-constitution, 2001-09-27)?
 
question no. 81 
indeed,
were those names on the passenger
lists at all? the answer is no! 
did
they simply pick out all names on the passenger lists which sounded middle
eastern?
- why did none of the 19 hijackers appear
on the passenger lists? 
did
the fbi know in advance the names
(and aliases) of the "arab hijackers" on those flights?
question no. 82
-- why did it take 4 months before ramsi binalschibhs name was mentioned,
since he was a good friend of mohammad atta and lived in his apartment in hamburg? 
question no. 83 
why did some of the hijackers buy tickets
for flights scheduled after sept. 11?
question no. 84
- why did the hijackers force passengers to call relatives?
question no. 85
- how did they find the terrorist's cars
at the airports so quickly?
question no. 86
- how could the fbi distinguish between "regular" muslims and
hijacker muslims on those flights?
question no. 87
- why was there not one
"innocent" muslim on board any of these flights?
question no. 88
- how did the fbi come up
so quickly with the photos of all 19 hijackers, when supposedly they had no
idea of a planned attack?
question no. 89
- how is
it possible that arab terrorists fly boings?
reminder:
none of the alleged arab hijackers had ever worked as
professional pilots. alleged hijacker-pilots mohammed atta, marwanal al-shehhi
and hani hanjour had received pilot training (courtesy of the cia?) but were
considered by their flying instructors to be incompetent to fly even light
single-engined planes!
 
the official story expects us to
believe that these alleged nineteen on-board hijackers (acting with military
coordination and precision) overpowered the flight attendants (with nothing
more than boxcutters and shouted commands), forced their way into the cabin
(were all eight official pilots absorbed in contemplation of the clouds?),
overpowered the pilots (apparently none of them, some ex-military, could offer
any resistance to hijackers armed only with boxcutters), took command of the
planes, having acquired the necessary flying skills from training courses and
flight manuals, flew them expertly to their targets (good navigators, those
arabs; and flying with the skill of a trained military pilot in the case of the
jet which, allegedly, hit the pentagon), met absolutely no opposition from the
u.s. authorities (including the u.s. air force) responsible for safeguarding
america's airspace (despite the fact that the pentagon jet was in the air for
nearly an hour after the first impact), hit those targets and killed
themselves. sure. and pigs can fly.
 
question no. 90
- how did they find a passport that just
"happens" to belong to one of the hijackers in the wtc rubble and
they can't locate even one flight recorder? question no. 91
this is an other question
for you, mr. president: how can you possibly believe the public to be that
stupid?!
we are asked to believe that one of the hijackers brought his passport
with him on a domestic fight, even though he knew he would not need it then, or
ever again; that upon impact the passport flew from the hijacker's pocket (or
was he holding it in his hands?), that the passport flew out of the aircraft,
that it flew out of the burning tower, and that it was carried by the air
currents and landed safely, where it could be discovered, several blocks away
... 
 
question no. 92
- why have the black boxes (the flight
data recorders and the cockpit voice recorders) from all four jets not been
recovered and examined by experts from the national transportation safety
board, the agency which normally investigates airplane crashes? these black
boxes are designed to survive any crash. where are they?
question no. 93
- why was the public not informed who found the bin laden home video and
when? 
question no. 94
- why according to german magazine monitor, were the most controversial
statements translated incorrectly?
question no. 95
- in september the securities and exchange commission initiated an inquiry to
establish who benefited from the unusually high numbers of put options
purchased prior to september 11 for shares in companies whose stock prices
subsequently plummeted, on the supposition that whoever was behind the
hijacking was also behind most of the purchases of these put options. why has this inquiry stalled? 
question no. 96
-
why have those who benefited from the
purchases of these put options not been identified (or at least, not publicly)?

 
 
case 5:  anthrax 
question no. 97
- why did cheney say that everyone in the
white house started taking cipro on september 12 when the first anthrax letter
wasn't postmarked until september 18?
question no. 98
- how could the terrorists come up with
such a quality material?
reminder:
former un-weapons inspector of iraq, richard spertzel,
told abc, "...he knows only five scientists in the usa who would be in the
situation to produce such a fine, highly developed spore material".
 
question no. 99
- why did tommy thompson, the secretary of the department of health and
human services, and other bush cabinet members meet secretly (i.e. illegally)
in oct. 2001 with officials of the pharmaceutical research and manufacturers of
america  (phrma) to develop plans for
their emergency preparedness task force?
 
 
case
6:  georg w. bush
 
somewhere on the internet i found this
funny question: did mr. bush have prior
knowledge of the wtc attack?
now this is a question too easy for everybody, so it does not
count, right?
question no. 100
- did you know before you left your hotel
that morning on the way to the school that the 1st tower had been hit? abc news
reported that morning that you were asked by reporters if you was aware of events in nyc and you answered yes. if so, why
did you later say you first heard of it was when you were at the school? 
question no. 101
- how did you see the first plane crash on
live camera?
if no commercial tv cameras were trained on the north tower at
the time of impact, what was the source of the transmission of the north tower
impact which you said you saw before you went
into the classroom in florida? why
did you do nothing (except listen to a little girl's story about her pet goat)
for thirty minutes after you were informed that the second jet hit the wtc? 
reminder:
at http://www.cnn.com/transcripts/0112/04/se.04.html is a
transcript of president bush's comments regarding the day of the attacks on the
world trade towers. 
towards the bottom of the transcript is the following quote.
(note: some readers are reporting that the version of the cnn transcriopt they
see in some parts of the country has been edited to remove the following
comment. george orwell would be proud!) 
question: one thing, mr. president, is that you have no idea how
much you've done for this country, and another thing is that how did you feel
when you heard about the terrorist attack? 
bush: well... (applause) 
thank you, jordan (ph). 
well, jordan (ph), you're not going to believe what state i
was in when i heard about the terrorist attack. i was in florida. and my chief of staff, andy card -- actually
i was in a classroom talking about a reading program that works. and i was
sitting outside the classroom waiting to go in, and i saw an airplane hit the
tower -- the tv was obviously on, and i use to fly myself, and i said,
"there's one terrible pilot." and i said, "it must have been a
horrible accident." 
but i was whisked off there -- i didn't have much time to think
about it, and i was sitting in the classroom, and andy card, my chief who was
sitting over here walked in and said, "a second plane has hit the tower. america's under attack." 
there is a
problem with the above statement. there was no live video coverage of the first
plane hitting the tower. there couldn't be. video of that first plane hitting
the tower did not surface until after the second plane had hit. 
 
even though you
are not a very good pilot (you were taken off of flight status for
failure to take a medical exam which included a drug test), it
would be silly to assume that a passenger jet hitting the wtc in clear weather
was pilot error. the only other known impact between an aircraft and a new
  york skyscraper was when a military airplane
crashed into the empire state building in a
heavy fog. because of that incident, there are mandatory altitude minimums over
the island. if you really did see an airplane on tv hitting the world trade towers,
then you saw that the aircraft was under control at the time. 
and, it must be
remembered that even after andy informed you of the second impact, and by his
own admission you knew we were being attacked, you continued to read to the
classroom full of children. 
i really would
like to hear your comment on that issue again, mr. president!
confirmation of
your comments is also at http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2001/12/20011204-17.html and http://www.guardian.co.uk/september11/story/0,11209,612354,00.html 
 
question no. 102
- why didn't you interrupt your school meeting as soon as you learned of
the first plane crash?
question no. 103
- why did you continue to sit in that classroom reading to children when
you should have been conferring with your advisors?
question no. 104
- why did you say that you and card initially thought it was an accident
involving a small plane?
question no. 105
- how could your people not have known the kind of plane involved, given
all the information sources available to the potus and your staff?
question no. 106
- why didn't the potus know at this point, as did the faa and norad,
that aircraft were hijacked? 
reminder:
the batallion chief in the
9/11 video was seen and heard asking for military backup immediately after the
building was hit.
question no. 107
- how come the nyfd knew it was terrorism right away but the potus and
his aides just calmly went about their business? 
 
question no. 108
is it not the
case that this atrocity was planned and carried out by elements at high levels
of command in the u.s. air force, the cia, the justice department and fema (possibly
with the involvement of well-placed civilians outside the government), acting
under orders from, or with the approval of, high officials within the u.s.
administration, and that those same elements are now directing a propaganda
campaign against the american people to justify a war of aggression in asia and
the middle east aimed at controlling the oil and mineral wealth of those
regions? 
question no. 109
- why is the u.s. mainstream media ignoring questions like these? 
question no. 110
- why is your
administration so strongly against a real investigation into the events of 9-11?
question no. 111
-
last and golden question, mr. president. 
why did this terrorist attack (no doubt
this was a terrorist attack, although we do keep wondering who were the terrorists in this case) take place on this
specific date? september 11, or “9-11” like the
emergency call? would arabs care about that date? isn’t the number 11 more
important for some secret society like the illuminati, of which you are a member:

11 september 
9-11:   9 + 1+1 sums up 11 
from sep 11 are 111 days remaining. 
why new york city? did it
     matter that this name has 11
     letters. 
“the
     pentagon” as well, because it too has 11 letters? 
was it important that the twin towers, standing side by side, look like the number 11. 
flight 11 the first plane to hit the world trade center, with 11 crew
     members aboard - certainly no coincidence? 

 
may the gods have mercy on your soul, georg w.
bush!
 
ok,
we have heard enough lies. how about the truth?!
the actual
vicious plan was implemented and carried out, not by arabs, but by so-called
americans (agents of the civilian "state security and intelligence"
agencies and bureaus such as the cia, top-ranking officers within the u.s. air
force and high-level officials within the u.s. administration), perhaps with
israeli involvement: 
a.      to take control of
four civilian airliners 
b.      to carry out attacks
on the twin towers and the pentagon
causing huge loss of life 
c.      to make it appear
that these airliners were used to carry out the attacks 
d.      to eliminate the
passengers on the airliners who would not be involved in the operation except
as reluctant witnesses 
e.      to blame these
attacks on "arab terrorists" and to use this as a pretext to launch
military campaigns against "enemies of america" in the middle east and in asia. 
what happened on september 11th
was very likely something close to this (there are two or three variations, as
noted below): 
1.     
three
planes had been made ready by u.s. military personnel
(possibly from norad), capable of being controlled remotely, with no-one on
board: 
·       a military jet either
loaded with high explosives or carrying missiles or both. 
·       an f-16 jet fighter armed with a
missile. 
·       a boeing 767, painted up to look
like a united airlines jet (call this "pseudo flight 175"). 
·      in the alternative
theory the f-16 is replaced by an agm-86c cruise missile capable of being
fired from a b 52 and of flying to its target under gps-guidance, and able upon
impact to generate heat of over 2,000°c.
2.     
early on
the morning of september 11th mohammad atta and some other arabs board american
airlines and united airlines planes under instructions from their cia or fbi
handlers. atta and others, some recorded by airport security cameras, will
later be declared to be "the hijackers". 
3.     
the four
civilian jet airliners take off: 
·        aa flight 11, a
boeing 767, leaves logan airport, boston, at 7:59 a.m. headed for los angeles, with between 76 and
81 passengers (about 39% of capacity) and 11 crew members aboard. (this is the
jet which, according to the official story, hit the north tower.) 
·        aa flight 77, a
boeing 757, takes off from dulles airport in northern virginia at 8:10 a.m bound for los angeles, with between 50 and
58 passengers (about 27% of capacity) and six crew members aboard. (this is the
jet which allegedly hit the pentagon.) 
·        ua flight 175, a
boeing 767, departs from logan airport, boston, at 8:13 a.m. for los angeles with between 47 and
56 passengers (about 26% of capacity) and nine crew members aboard. (this is
the jet which allegedly hit the south tower.) 
·        ua flight 93, a
boeing 757, scheduled to leave newark airport at 8:01 a.m. for san francisco, is late and does
not depart until 8:41 a.m., taking off with
between 26 and 38 passengers (about 16% of capacity) and seven crew members on
board. (this is the jet which crashed in pennsylvania.) 
4.     
pseudo
flight 175 takes off from its military base, flying under remote control, and
flies so as to intercept the flight path of ua flight 175. radar operators
tracking ua flight 175 see the two blips merge. 
5.     
a
half-hour or so after taking off the pilots of the four civilian airliners are
informed by radio that the u.s. is under attack by terrorists and that they are
to shut down their transponders and land their planes at a military base in some north-eastern u.s.
state (directions to the base are given). 
6.     
the
pilots obey this order and change course accordingly. 
7.     
pseudo
flight 175 changes course toward new york. to radar operators
it appears as if ua flight 175 is now flying toward manhattan. 
8.     
the
passengers on ua flight 93 are led to believe that the plane has been hijacked,
and are instructed to use their cell phones to tell this to their relatives
(thus planting fake evidence which will later be used to support the official
story). 
9.     
the
military jet takes off under remote control and (perhaps after intercepting the
flight path of aa flight 11 to confuse the radar operators) approaches the north tower at 8:45 a.m., fires missiles into it then http://serendipity.magnet.ch/crashes into it, detonating
explosives already planted in the building. (george w. bush watches the impact
on closed circuit television at a school in florida.) 
10. 
pseudo
flight 175 approaches manhattan under remote control
and crashes into the south tower at 9:03 a.m. its controllers, not used to remotely controlling the 100
tons of a boeing 767, almost miss the tower, but manage to hit it at an angle,
toward one corner. most of the jet fuel passes through the corner of the tower
and explodes in a huge fireball outside the building. (the approach of the
boeing 767 and the impact and fireball are recorded by many
cameras.) 
11. 
george
w. bush announces to the nation that he has made some phone calls and then goes
into hiding for eight hours. he fails to order defensive action by ordering u.s. air
force jets from bases near washington to scramble to intercept the other two
(allegedly hijacked) planes still in the air. no other air force officer orders
jets to intercept the planes. interceptors are finally scrambled an hour after
the first of the commercial jets has gone off course and 45 minutes after the
impact at the north tower. 
12. 
the f-16
jet fighter (see 1. above), under remote control, flies at high speed toward
washington d.c. (perhaps after crossing the flight path of aa flight 77),
descends to near ground level, makes a horizontal approach to the pentagon,
fires a missile which produces a huge explosion at the outer wall of the
pentagon, then itself crashes into the building (at 9:38 a.m.), its engine
penetrating several rings of the pentagon. 
in the
alternative theory it is an agm-86c cruise missile which strikes the pentagon. 
it
crossed several of the building rings of the pentagon,
creating in each wall it pierced a progressively bigger hole. ... when
traversing the first ring of the pentagon, the object set off a fire, as
gigantic as it was sudden. — who was behind the september 11th
attacks?
 
13. 
meanwhile
(by sometime between 9:15 a.m. and 9:45 a.m.) all four aa and ua jets have landed at the military base
to which they were directed. the 199 (later listed) passengers and crew from aa
flight 77, aa flight 11 and ua flight 175 are herded onto ua flight 93, where
they join the 33 (later listed) passengers and crew, for a total of 232 people.
explosives are loaded on board. 
14. 
the
south tower collapses (at 9:59 a.m.) in a controlled
demolition, 56 minutes after impact. 
15. 
sometime
around 10:00 or 10:15 a.m. ua flight 93 takes off from the military base
(either under remote control or under the control of a military pilot unaware
of his fate) and flies toward washington in a fake "terrorist
attack". 
16. 
the
north tower collapses (at 10:29 a.m.) also in a
controlled demolition, 1 hour and 44 minutes after impact. 
17. 
either
explosives on board ua flight 93 are detonated, or the jet is blown apart by a
missile fired by a u.s. air force f-16 fighter jet, over pennsylvania (at 10:37 a.m., almost two hours after it took off from newark airport). 
pennsylvania
state police officials said on thursday debris from the plane had been found up
to 8 miles away (from the crash site) in a residential community [indian lake]
where local media have quoted residents as speaking of a second plane in the
area [this was the f-16] and burning debris falling from the sky. — reuters,
sept. 13, as quoted in troubling questions in troubling
times
all
passengers and crew from all four "hijacked" planes, perhaps or
perhaps not including those 34 (later unlisted) passengers (including mohammad
atta) who are part of the operation, are in this way eliminated. 
18. 
the
outer wall of the impact site at the pentagon is caused to collapse (so that the small size of the hole in the
wall caused by the impacting object would no longer be visible). 
19. 
around midday the media whores begin to disseminate the story that this
"terrorist attack" was masterminded by osama bin laden. 
20. 
around 5
p.m.the building known as wtc 7 collapses in a
controlled demolition. 
21. 
misled
by the mainstream media a shocked and outraged american public demands revenge
against the perpetrators, whom they assume to be arab muslim fundamentalists. 
22. 
george
w. bush announces his "war on terrorism" and the pentagon swings into
action to implement its previously-prepared plans to bomb afghanistan (into submission to u.s. oil interests). 
 
 
for
photos and more information, check these websites:
 
http://matmcveagh.50g.com/tbp/conspiracy/intrigue/terrorism/wtc-ct-whem-robotplane.htm
 
http://matmcveagh.50g.com/tbp/conspiracy/intrigue/terrorism/wtc-ct-po-wagthewtc_2.htm
 
http://www.vabank.ru/pentagon_boeing.htm
 
http://serendipity.magnet.ch/wtc.html
 
http://www.tms.org/pubs/journals/jom/0112/eagar/eagar-0112.html
 
http://www.public-action.com/911/jmcm/physics_1.html
 
http://www.geocities.com/killtown/flight77.html
 
http://www.thepowerhour.com/postings-two/missile-hole.htm
 
http://66.129.143.7/june2aa.htm
 
http://dreamwater.org/patriot/wtclie.html
 
http://dreamwater.org/patriot/missingpieces.html
 
http://www.americanfreepress.net/051302/revealing_9-11_stock_trades_co/revealing_9-11_stock_trades_co.html
 
http://www.fromthewilderness.com/free/ww3/042202_bushknows.html
 
http://www.rense.com/general21/pass.htm
 
http://www.rense.com/general20/alives.htm
 
http://www.lebensaspekte.de/groundzero/collapse7.html
 
http://www.thelastamericanwarriors.com/911conspiracy/the%20true%20story%20behind%20911.htm
 
http://www.theforbiddenknowledge.com/wtc/index02.htm
 
http://www.freewebs.com/the4thdensity/news2001.htm
 
http://eionews.addr.com/
 
http://geocities.com/mknemesis/colonels.html

http://geocities.com/vialls/index.html
 
http://209.123.142.199/lawgiver/911.asp
 
 
http://perso.wanadoo.fr/jpdesm/pentagon/english.html
 
 
 
for
any comment, please, write an email to:
para cualquier comentario, por favor, escribeme a:
für
irgendeinen kommentar, schreiben sie mir an:
 
veritas2002@mail2world.com
 
you are
visitor no.
 








powered by counter.bloke.com


since the creation of the webpage on october, 12, 2002

stop the new world order! 
 
 


















