








south carolina grand chapter – order of the eastern star





























 








↓ 
 


        javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.








            south carolina grand chapter


search for:





order of the eastern star 


 


grand chapter

grand officers 2024-2025
district deputies
grand representatives
past grand matrons and patrons
sc former district deputies
sc former grand representatives


grand chapter office

itinerary 2023-2024
forms
publications


annual session 2025

2025 annual session hotel reservations
2025 annual session in-state registration
2025 annual session out-of-state registration
2025 annual session program
2025 annual session social events menus
2025 annual session social events ticket orders


chapters

chapter meeting locations


outreach

sc assisted care board


photos

the barnabas horse foundation 08-06-21
defenders for children 8-4-21


about oes

who we are
our purposes


members

rob morris membership jewel


contact us
general grand chapter
masonic family





home 

log in 


 


welcome !



welcome to the website for the grand chapter of south carolina, order of the eastern star.


this is the official web site for the grand chapter of south carolina, order of the eastern star. we are glad you are visiting our site and trust that everything you are seeking is easy to locate. from this home page, you can explore the public areas of the website to learn more about us, our news and events, and our opportunities for community service and charitable giving.  select your area of interest from the menu bar above.  if you need information not provided in the website, please contact us so that we may respond to your inquiry.
the order of the eastern star is made up of both women and men affiliated with the family of freemasonry. as eastern star members we are all committed to creating an accepting, friendly, inclusive environment by which we can dedicate living our lives by the masonic principles of brotherly love, relief and truth. please learn more about us as you enjoy the information available on this site
you can visit information for a specific local chapter by selecting the desired chapter on the chapters page from the menu above.
some sections of the website contain non-public data and are available only to properly authenticated users. if you have an assigned userid and password, please click the blue login button at the right end of the menu bar and enter your credentials to view non-public data.
please report any website challenges to the webmaster.


news & announcements
 
 02-04-25 2025 annual session social event information available
2025 annual session program available
members website section now available
2025 annual session registration now available
2025 annual session hotel reservation deadline


 










archives

february 2025
january 2025
august 2022

categories

news

scoutreach


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 

©2025 - south carolina grand chapter  
 - weaver xtreme theme   
 

↑







