



dog training dog whisperer dog obedience behaviour psychologist





















 





home page | about pam | talks & workshops | no pull-leads | faq's | contact pam
house calls | home kits | puppy training and socialising | books | home movies | media

consultation
clients' thanks


dog training home kit
clients' thanks


living with an alien
book reviews
readers' thanks
ebook on adrenalin
watchdog ebook
puppy training
child/friendly dogs


the dogs must be crazy
before and after learning dog language
meet the suckers













dog training books
featured book  - 
                            the star: "in this 
                            fascinating, humorous 
                            and beneficial book 
                            pam whyte lets us 
                            into the secrets of 
                            the dog, and teaches 
                            us how to..."

 


dog training videos
believing is seeing ! 
                            dog psychologist, pam whyte has made 3 dog training home movies. they teach owners of puppies as well as grown dogs vital dog training skills which
                            no other approach to dog  training             
    teaches. in the highly                               informative and riveting                              scenes, you even see...





puppy training and socialising
get your own e-book on how to bring up a trustworthy family pet! click here for more...


childs play
   children also need dog handling
                                skills! childsplay dogtraining
                                          shows them how...
click here for more...


media
"dog language not greek 
                            to this dog whisperer."
 in a recent news item,
                            dog whisperer,
                            pam whyte tells us
                            about some of her
                            big successes,
                            and what it takes
                            to understand dogs...

 


media
"at wit's end with
vicious dogs."
                            news item of pam
                        whyte curing very 
dangerous 
    pit bulls of 
aggression.

 






cape town, johannesburg, somerset west, pretoria, london, california, australia, new zealand, george, durban, colorado, ireland, wales,  strand, durbanville, gauteng, natal, gordons bay, stellenbosch, canada, western cape, namibia, randburg, usa,   uk, camps bay, helderberg, roodeport, east rand, brackenfell. helderberg, sea point, hermanus, uk centurion, north riding, knysna, kommetjie saldanha port elizabeth, grahamstown, free state, west rand, limpopo, tableview, botswana, cape town
bloemfontein, australia, india                  
                     









dog training in your own home:










does your dog bite, bark, dig, disobey, chew, chase, fight or freak you out!
         around the corner... around the world!  
1) locally: natural dog trainer, pam whyte comes to your home and gives you a tailor-made dog training programme worked out for your family dog's own individual needs.
 2) globally:  pam's natural dog training home kits work just as well!  
        
"pam whyte's formidable knowledge of dog behaviour is evident." argus.
"once pam whyte has shown you how to understand your dog, your enjoyment of him will increase, and your relationship with him will be enriched." the star.
pam's natural dog training methods are not a new fad or a passing gimmick. pam has been using natural dog training on both grown dogs and puppies extremely successfully for 4 decades in many countries extremely successfully. in fact, dogs have been using these natural communication techniques for countless thousands of years. also very s+'uccessfully. natural dog training is older than history, yet newer than tomorrow. it works so well that you see major results in the first session! 
the whole family is taught how to control their dog - the children, domestic staff, grandparents... it also includes training for all the family's pets if needed - even the parrot - without any extra charge; lead work; obedience; protection; socialising your dog or puppy; curing all canine behaviour problems, saving time, energy, money and more... 
teaching your pets good manners simply slots into your family's lifestyle - not the other way around.
1) locally:
what dog owners are saying about pam's natural dog training home visits: 
 "my husband was very sceptical. now he's telling everyone about pam whyte's natural dog training!"
"such a simple formula. and to think so few people know it..."
"this is bloody nice." (ahem..)
"you sorted out my bulldog - peggyjoe about 10 years ago  we lived on the sandton fire station. [she was the station's mascot.] i am still astounded at how easy natural dog training is and the positive way it impacts on pet dogs". click here to see how well pam whyte's natural dog training works...

to learn more about natural dog trainer, and dog whisperer, pam whyte's methods click here...















house training puppies as well as grown dogs...


 barking for nothing...


jumping on people...


digging and chewing...


disobedience...


failing at dog school...


 and for all the behavior problems, which natural dog training has the proven solutions to ........




featured testimonial - email to natural dog trainer, pam whyte: 
"i thought you'd like to hear that spike our pet staffie who you so successfully rehabilitated with natural dog training is still going strong at 14 yrs old. he never gave us a moment's trouble after you sorted him out that day you spent with us. this is just to let you know that i am so grateful to you for saving our pet's life ... yours, jill." 
------------------------------------




 
 and here is a video clip that shows you the results that you get when you get a dog's eye view...... 

(if you have trouble viewing the videos, right-click and click save target/link as to download it)


















      
          pam whyte's natural dog training home-kit:
(pet psychologist.) 

2) globally:
the wonderful news is - you do not need pam to be personally present to train your dog the natural way! her natural dog training home kit will do it for you! 
                         

what dog owners around the world are saying about pam whyte's natural dog training home kits after learning to communicate correctly with their dogs:
 "my wife & i have already commenced your program & the results are showing within one day - thank you for your years of experience & expertise." 

"we achieved my goal of a fight-free weekend; in fact the two fighting dogs were actually sleeping quite happily in the same dog bed this morning!" 
"10 years back you helped solve my pet bull terriers tail chasing - i'm glad to share with you he died of old age a few months back as opposed to the vet's recommendation of having him put down." 

                          the intelligent alternative - nature knows best!
click here to see how well pam whyte's natural dog training home kits work..
                        


















home page   |  
			about pam   |  
			books   |  
			videos   |  
			no-pull dog leads   |  
			faq's   |  
			contact pam    |  
			site map    |  
			links  












does your dog bite, bark, dig, disobey, fight or freak you out! dogs trained at home!  
          dog obedience training - pet psychologist - dog behavior problems
		   © 2002 -
           www.naturaldogtraining.co.za | disclaimer 
 





