

the virtual outdoorsman main page







 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close




. -quick links-[ reviews ] [ links ]  [  blowing in the wind  ] [ message board ]   the virtual outdoorsman site gets third generation ownership.


4-16-00 --added new review of deer hunter ii monster buck 3-pack, you can read about in in the review section. i also am now prepared to start adding the fan site links section.
if you have a site devoted to any outdoor hunting or fishing simulation, and would like to see it here? please email me the correct information.

2-14-00 --hello fellow outdoorsmen and outdoorswomen,

welcome to the virtual outdoorsman, some of you may be familiar with the site, but for the ones who are not i would like to take the time to give you a brief rundown of what the site is about. the original concept was to be a pc game review site; the site still contains reviews of some of the coolest games on the market. the virtual outdoorsman was just another page that contained outdoor hunting and fishing titles. 

now due to the boom in this genre of pc outdoor simulations this section has become very popular, folks really like coming and reading about the latest titles, system requirements and how others found the simulation to run. i will continue to focus highly on this aspect of the site, i am also going to try and make the site more interactive with things such as “guest reviews” and one of the most intense message boards covering all hunting, fishing and outdoor related simulations and software.

it will take awhile to get things on track and i ask for your patience, the site at present is currently undergoing a face-lift, so to speak. the message board is closed to posting at this time, basically just to give me time to place all the forums into it. 

if any of you have ideas or suggestions on the site, please feel free to contact me, my email address is: arrowslinger@huntcentral.com you also can reach me on icq, my number is: 9533526
2-13-00 -- when i heard steve ellis was going to work for wizard works, one of my first thoughts was "will the virtual outdoorsman site stay up?" i have to tell you i was a bit worried being that i checked in on the site on a daily basis, this fear along with a few others was put aside when i heard tommy shiflet would be taking over. 
then a few days ago i got the information that tommy would be starting work at sunstorm interactive very soon. well needless to say my first fears about the site resurfaced, but at the same time i was truly thrilled to hear about tommy’s new job. 
just as i thought that this just may be the end of the virtual outdoorsman site, i got some great news, tommy asked if i would be interested in taking over? i was thrilled, here was my chance to work with and add to the best review sites of outdoor simulations on the web. i just hope i can do a good job in keeping what steve and tommy have done up to this point, i have lots of new ideas i am working on. 
in closing let me say welcome to all who visit, and also thanks to tommy for giving me this great opportunity.
mike richey  a.k.a arrowslinger
2-13-00 -- refined and rebuilt the message board.
1-20-00 -- huntcentral.com has posted two new maps for bird hunter: upland edition.  they can be found at the bottom of their map downloads page.  
1-12-00 -- coming soon... head to head -- see how the competitors stack up  against each other in a head to head test.
1-12-00 -- added review for field and stream: trophy hunting.
1-3-00 -- exclusive info for a new wizardworks title, australian outback, added to blowing in the wind page.
12-29-99 -- added review for buckmasters top bow championship by guest reviewer, arrowslinger.
12-09-99 -- added review for flylogic fly fishing
12-03-99 -- updated blowing in the wind page.
10-26-99 -- added review for sportsman's paradise 2.
10-26-99 -- updated blowing in the wind page.
10-13-99 -- a new tidbit added to the blowing in the wind page.
deer hunter 3 review
new deer hunter 3 screenshots
updated 9-30-99 -- blowing in the wind -- new section for the vop.  get the latest rumors and information on upcoming outdoors titles.
 review posted for cabela's sportsman's challenge
 review posted for cabela's big game hunter 3.
backwoods journal now available at the vop.
screenshots for deer hunter 3.
 coming soona fan site links page is in the works.  if you have a site dedicated to an outdoors title (or titles) and would like your site to be added to this links page, please let me know..











