



  



 | the global leader in business aviation












































home
aircraft for sale

jets

astra
beechcraft
boeing
challenger
citation
embraer
falcon
global
gulfstream
hawker
learjet
premier


turboprops

caravan
cheyenne
conquest
jetstream
king air
merlin
mitsubishi
pilatus
socata
turbo commander


piston

beech
cessna
piper


helicopters

agusta/westland
bell
eurocopter
enstrom
md
robinson
schweitzer
sikorsky




aircraft services

aircraft sales & acquisitions
helicopter sales & acquisitions
maintenance support
pilot services
management & charter
aircraft financing
documentation, legal and tax


resources

aircraft descriptions directory
helicopter descriptions directory


about us
blog
 















global business aircraft services
premier jet aviation is one of the world’s leading business aviation services firms. premier associates are some of the most awarded, recognized and renowned professionals in their fields. operating with experience, acumen and competency sought by the industry’s manufacturers like cessna, embraer, rolls royce, bell helicopter and gulfstream for assistance in designing their new aircraft and engine models or providing technical committee leadership with the national business aircraft association (nbaa) or founding the flight instructor training program for the helicopter association international (hai), premier delivers very responsive service and an uncommonly high level of expertise that is unmatched in the aircraft sales and acquisition industry. simply stated, we perform for our clients, averaging more than one transaction a week. we successfully acquire and sell aircraft in a professional and thorough manner, allowing you and/or your team to concentrate on your business, leaving the important details of marketing, market research, negotiating, technical evaluation, contracting, import/export and documentation to us. whether buying, selling or leasing a new or pre-owned aircraft, premier jet aviation is committed to providing superior customer service and creating mutually beneficial long-term customer relationships. premier’s aircraft business operations are organized under seven divisions to serve our client’s needs:

business aircraft sales & acquisitions
helicopter sales & acquisitions
maintenance & engineering support services
pilot services
management & charter services
aircraft financing services
documentation, contracts and taxes services





testimonials


“after two failed attempts by well known “industry experts” to sell our falcon 50, premier jet completed the complex transaction in a timely and professional manner exceeding all commitments and expectations.  premier’s ability to manage all aspects of the process from professional marketing, negotiation, contracts, pre-purchase oversight and closing is world class.  their ability look forward and anticipate issues before they occur, and communicate to all parties was invaluable and epitom… read more
cfo – major u.s. lending institution



“premier jet aviation not only sold our fleet of five citation x’s within weeks they substantially exceeded our pricing expectations and literally saved (made) us millions of dollars. from providing exceptional contracts through protecting our interests during the pre-purchase inspection, your competency throughout the process allowed us to focus on our business while you simply go the job done.  since premier has become our primary source of business aircraft market  intelligence, your foresi… read more
r. wagoner – detroitmi



“thanks to dave for his assistance in the delivery of our phenom 300 from the factory in brazil.  dave’s acceptance and delivery experience was invaluable to me.  his insight in to the delivery process as well as his operational knowledge of the phenom saved me many hours i would have spent tracking down items that were not addressed nor delivered by embraer prior to leaving brazil without dave’s direction.  i highly recommend premier jet aviation’s services.”
j.b. chicagoil




 







inquire about services your message was successfully sent. thank you!


name *

email *

submit




contact us
phone: 1(317)-858-6000
email: info@jetav.com
website: www.jetav.com





terms of service                      © 2018 premier jet aviation. all rights reserved.
 























