




national ufo reporting center | report a ufo | report a uap




















 





































 











skip to content











postsdata bankmapgalleryfile a ufo reportdonateabout ustoggle website search










menu
close





posts
data bank
map
gallery
file a ufo report
donate
about us
toggle website search




 















the national ufo reporting center 



dedicated to the collection and dissemination of objective ufo/uap data 






   file a report    










latest "drone flap" coverage















 











from time to time in the history of science, situations have arisen in which a problem of ultimately enormous importance went  begging for adequate attention simply because that problem appeared to involve phenomena so far outside the current bounds of scientific knowledge that it was not even regarded as a legitimate subject of serious scientific concern. that is precisely the situation in which the ufo problem now lies. james e. mcdonald, senior physicist, institute of atmospheric physics, university of arizona.   statement on unidentified flying objects to the house committee on science and astronautics, july 29, 1968 














						recent activity and highlights
											











				recent investigation reports			



			january 11, 2025		


over the past few months, nuforc investigators dug into several of our best cases from 2024, performing witness interviews and contacting officials to gather more information. in all four of the cases below, the witnesses were deemed to be credible, and their experiences to be of an anomalous nature. case


			read more »		






				the great “drone” flap of 2024 (updated 12/22)			



			december 22, 2024		


its been a week since we first posted our first thoughts on the mystery drone situation plaguing the country. in that time, we have received 65 new reports of objects conforming to the general “drone” description, that is flying very low, large size, and with bright flashing lights (more come


			read more »		






				929 new ufo reports posted			



			november 9, 2024		


the anomalous activity in our skies continues unabated, and since the last sighting summary we posted on august 23, we have added 929 new reports to our online data bank. the reports range from recent sightings to recollections of events that happened as far back as 1960. while many seem


			read more »		






				70 new ufo images added to gallery			



			september 3, 2024		


we’ve just released a big update to our gallery, adding 70 of the best new images we have received since the last update. the gallery is a great place to check out the incredible variety of types of craft reported to nuforc.


			read more »		






				foo fighter spotted in wwii gun camera footage?			



			august 29, 2024		


a sharp eyed observer noticed what could be a “foo fighter” in german gun camera footage taken in 1944. foo fighters” were unexplained aerial phenomena reported by pilots during world war ii. these sightings, often described as glowing orbs or balls of light, appeared to follow aircraft and perform maneuvers


			read more »		






				519 new ufo reports posted			



			august 23, 2024		


our latest batch of ufo/ uap reports include close up sightings of massive triangular ufo’s, weird rectangles, bizarre orbs, floating metallic spheres, and lights in the sky performing strange and dramatic maneuvers. witnesses also continue to send in stories of impressive sightings from their past, feeling compelled to record them


			read more »		






				354 new ufo reports posted, and a new piece of the roswell puzzle?			



			july 2, 2024		


world ufo day! today is world ufo day, an annual event dedicated to the awareness and celebration of unidentified flying objects (ufos) and the possibility of extraterrestrial life. the day aims to encourage people to think about the possibility of ufos, discuss related phenomena, and promote government transparency about ufo


			read more »		






				government disclosure – how you can help			



			june 12, 2024		


peter and christian recently attended the contact in the desert ufo conference in indio, ca, where the topic of disclosure was omnipresent in talks, workshops, and informal discussions. it is clear that as realization of the reality of the phenomenon seeps deeper and deeper into the public consciousness, the frustration


			read more »		






				241 new ufo reports posted			



			may 30, 2024		


we’ve added 241 new reports to our ufo/uap sightings database since our last posting earlier this month (in batches). here are some highlights: june 13, 2023, newark, nj an unusual object was observed from an aircraft during takeoff from newark. described as oval and blue, smaller than a car, and


			read more »		






				another dramatic triangle – 78 new ufo reports posted			



			may 6, 2024		


on april 8, 2024, around 7:45 pm local time in seagoville, tx, a witness reported observing a triangular-shaped craft near their home close to simonds and bowers rd, behind the prison and army reserves. this sighting occurred just after sunset during the night of a total eclipse. the craft, estimated


			read more »		






				dramatic triangle sightings – 396 new ufo reports posted			



			april 28, 2024		


the national ufo reporting center data bank has been updated with 396 new reports, received at our center since march 13. to say things have been dramatic in the skies would be an understatement. here are some of the best recent sightings:: april 12, 2024, at 21:56, navarre, florida: a


			read more »		






				an unfortunate case of deja vu – volume one of the aaro report			



			march 19, 2024		


for over 75 years, the united states government has striven to persuade the public that there is no evidence of non-human technology in the ufo phenomenon. now, in 2024, we find history repeating itself, as the latest government analysis comes to the same dubious conclusion. aaro, or the all-domain anomaly


			read more »		
















				copyright 2025

national ufo reporting center, davenport, wa      
terms of service
    
privacy policy 













































