


opus dei alert: "it behooves watchdogs to bark!"















this website is dedicated in reparation for the offenses, outrages and overall misrepresentation of true catholic devotion to st. joseph, the worthy spouse of the most chaste virgin, as is advanced and perpetrated by the anti-catholic talmudic sect known as opus dei.



















            




tcw's weekly blog


            










oportet allatrare canes!(translation: "it behooves watchdogs to bark!")


 
this website’s mission is to alert innocent catholic faithful about the treacherous tactics of a pseudo-catholic group which has gained tremendous influence in the "church," known as opus dei or the "work of god". the faithful have the obligation to educate themselves as best they can about what is being discussed, to make a decision based on their knowledge, and then to live by it. to do anything less would be *willful ignorance.



pope felix iii

"not to oppose error is to approve it; and not to defend truth is to suppress it; and indeed to neglect to confound evil 

men, when we can do it, is no less a sin than to encourage them." -pope st. felix iii

the owner of the website, mr. david hobson, is a true catholic who is quite familiar with church history and scholasticism (the theological method of st. thomas aquinas). mr. hobson intends by presenting sound catholic doctrine and reasoning, drawn from time-tested (immutable) catholic teachings, practices and sources; to clearly expose for all (even currently blinded opus dei members) the grave errors which pervade entirely throughout this perfidious sect, and thus possibly help save souls.

the marrano, monsignor 
  escriva 
"get me more recruits for the asylum."

-quote of monsignor escriva, founder of the 
  anti-catholic cult opus dei

"better that only a few catholics should be left, staunch and sincere in their religion, than that they should, remaining many, desire as it were, to be in collusion with the church's enemies and in conformity with the open foes of our faith." -st. peter canisius
"but not only must we guard against things which are open and manifest but also against those which deceive with the subtlety of clever fraud." -st. cyprian





"they [the faithful] must pray above all for the church of darkness to leave rome." -prophetic vision of venerable anna-katrina emmerick august 25, 1820 a.d., augustinian nun, stigmatist 
"even if catholics faithful to tradition are reduced to a handful, they are the ones who are the true church of jesus christ." -st. athanasius
"we wish it to be your rule 
  first of all to tear away the mask from freemasonry, and to let it be 
  seen as it really is, and by sermons and pastoral letters to instruct the 
  people as to the artifices used by societies of this kind in seducing men and 
  enticing them into their ranks...." -pope leo xiii, humanum 
  genus [encyclical against freemasonry]

"...accordingly, every bishop, priest, religious or layman who in the future give support to jews against the christian faith, be it through briberies or favors, shall be regarded as profane and blaspheming god, and shall be excluded from the communion of the catholic church and shall be regarded as not belonging to the kingdom of god..." (canon 58, 4th toledo council)
"rome will lose the faith and become the seat of the antichrist ... the church will be in 

eclipse..."-words of our lady of lasalette to melanie mathieu 1846 a.d. [a church approved apparition]









taking of christ [by judas]
caravaggio, c. 1598 


*willful ignorance (omission of due diligence) concerning imperative matters of the faith: a damning sin

st. thomas aquinas, summa, i-ii, q. 76, a.
  1, a. 3, whether ignorance can be the cause of sin?: "it is clear that not
  every kind of ignorance is the cause of a sin, but that alone which removes
  the knowledge which would prevent the sinful act. …this may happen on the
  part of the ignorance itself, because, to wit, this ignorance is voluntary,
  either directly, as when a man wishes of set purpose to be ignorant of
  certain things that he may sin the more freely; or indirectly, as when a man,
  through stress of work or other occupations, neglects to acquire the
  knowledge which would restrain him from sin. for such like negligence renders
  the ignorance itself voluntary and sinful, provided it be about matters one
  is *bound and able to know."

*catholics are bound (required) to learn and know their faith. a sin against faith (often caused by willful ignorance) is the gravest of all sins according to st. thomas aquinas.

st. augustine, cited by st. thomas, characterizes sin against faith in these words: hoc est peccatum quo tenentur cuncta peccata. "this is the sin which comprehends all other sins." 


st. thomas says: "the gravity of sin is determined by the interval which it places between man and god; now sin against faith, divides man from god as far as possible, since it deprives him of the true knowledge of god; it therefore follows that sin against faith is the greatest of all sins." 




 

 




















home
the opus dei cult
prophecy against opus dei
99 questions about opus dei
opus dei's talmudic rabbis
the un-mortified
st. elias vs. opus dei
protect your family
cease & desist order
why jp ii & benedict xvi were antipopes & francis is
prayer to protect the church & conclusion
catholic news
tcw's weekly blog
the holy mass
rosary in latin
card. manning's book on end times (pope in exile)
gregory xvii "siri"the pope in red
papal restoration campaign
prophecies of marie-julie jahenny  (3 days of darkness)
simple truths about salvation
the 7 prayers of  fatima
rare gregorian chant
who "pulled" 911
the coming great catholic monarchdeath blows to vatican ii
st. john bosco's dream (vision) of hell
examination of conscience
the holy face devotion (heaven's last plea to france)
the new montinian church
layman lefebrve
latest antipope "mr. b" worst actor yet?
michael dimond:a false prophet
antichrist  (catholic prophecy)
catholic prayer
infant baptism in emergency
catholic links
email-where to receive traditional sacraments
online catholic goods store














© stgemma.com web productions inc. 2005-2013. all rights reserved.


