
























federation of post-secondary educators of bc



























      skip to main content
    










fpse



menu



main navigation


for members


issues


committees


about


news


contact


campaigns








search

















 














educators working together


 
the federation of post-secondary educators is the provincial voice of 10,000 faculty and staff at bc’s teaching universities, colleges, institutes and private sector institutions. we provide resources, legal services, and engage in advocacy on behalf of our members and the public post-secondary system. a federation of 18 faculty and staff associations, our collective action and solidarity is our greatest strength – leading to better outcomes for all members.
we are the people who work and teach in bc's colleges, universities, and institutes, and we're organizing for better choices and better opportunities for all british columbians.





find out more










updates




fpse endorses sussanne skidmore for president and hermender singh kailley for secretary-treasurer of the bc federation of labour


fpse news
nov 26, 2024
fpse endorses sussanne skidmore for president and hermender singh kailley for secretary-treasurer of the bc federation of labour together they will build solidarity, lobby government, and advocate for...
 read more












fpse calls for immediate resignation of the minister of post-secondary education and future skills


fpse news
feb 1, 2024
fpse calls for immediate resignation of the minister of post-secondary education and future skills for immediate release february 1, 2024 the federation of post-secondary educators of bc (fpse) joined...
 read more












caut calls for b.c. minister’s resignation over political interference


fpse news
feb 1, 2024
caut calls for b.c. minister’s resignation over political interference (ottawa – february 1, 2024) the canadian association of university teachers (caut) is joining the federation of post-secondary...
 read more








more news






featured




 








get to know your collective agreement
/members/collective-agreements






 








join our mailing list
/newsletter-sign-up






meetings & events




2022-2023 meetings





see all










federation of post-secondary educators of bc
400 - 550 west 6th avenue [map]
vancouver, bc v5z 1a1
with respect and gratitude, we acknowledge that fpse is located
on the ancestral, traditional, and unceded territories of
the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (musqueam), sḵwx̱wú7mesh (squamish),
and səlilwətaɬ (tsleil-waututh) nations.
telephone: 604-873-8988 | fax: 604-873-8865 | email: info@fpse.ca



we are the voice of over 10,000 faculty and staff at bc
universities, colleges, institutes, and private-sector
institutions. educators working together.



facebook
twitter
 



cupe 1004 | © 2024 federation of post-secondary educators of bc | fpse privacy policy | website by affinity bridge













