



the bed and breakfast directory - first choice for finding a b&b where you want to be





















 







 







home



the bed and breakfast directory
the bed & breakfast directory offers easy access, further information and contact details for bed and breakfast accommodation around the world. the directory recently enjoyed its second birthday and as time progresses we hope to be able to show more and more b&b's from a wider range of locations across the world.many of the bed & breakfast accommodation listed include feedback from past guests to give you an idea of the quality of service and facilities you can expect from the respective b&b. if you yourself have been a guest at a b&b listed on the bed and breakfast directory, please leave your own feedback or comments for other visitors to the site.







 


the dorm bed and breakfast





the dorm is a unique, relaxed and friendly bed and breakfast near eccleshall, stafford, in a private garden setting. set in the beautiful staffordshire countryside, the dorm is a friendly and relaxed yet luxurious b&amp;b located at the old school house in ellenhall, near the attractive small town of eccleshall. the dorm studio is the perfect place to relax and unwind after a day out exploring ...
read 
                                more ...






many entries also have their own photographs posted for a visual idea of what to expect. for all bed and breakfast accommodation listed on the site there is quick and easy contact information and you can even enquire online.the level of detail in the information, such as price, facilities, ratings and locations on each bed and breakfast or guesthouse is dependent on the information provided by the guesthouse themselves.









danube delta tours





danube delta tours & trips from tulcea, romania ...
read more ...


 




you can browse through the available inns and guesthouses from the links around the site or you can take advantage of our advanced b&b search facilities. wherever you are staying in the world, we hope you can find the perfect place to stay here on our site.if you have any comments, questions or suggestions we would love to hear from you, please contact the bed and breakfast directory. if you know of any bed & breakfast accommodation not already listed who may wish to do so, please feel free to mention the site, it is free to list their b&b on bnb-directory.com.self-catering directory - campsite directorythere are 857 visitors currently online and 3,433 b&bs advertised. 







home


browse 
            b&bs


england


scotland


wales


ireland


europe


oceania


canada


usa


africa


asia


middle east


central and south am


caribbean


b&b 
            search


common 
            questions


recent 
            b&bs


popular 
            b&bs


bookmark 
            us


tell 
            a friend


about 
            us


contact 
            us


b&b 
            log in


add 
            your b&b


 





 







search






  





 


featured b&bs . .


 


percy inn ..


 






 


toad lodge bed and ..


 






 


ridersrest biker a ..


 






 


inchgarth house ..


 






 


la maison au coin ..


 






 


 









 
| home 
        | add your bed & 
        breakfast 
        | faqs | contact 
        us | site map | b&b log in |






bed 
            and breakfast directory
© bed and breakfast directory 
              2005 - 2018
design 
              by effective webs











