






log chapel of the ozarks | wedding chapel
































home
packages
photos

gallery
your photos


testimonials
location
contact
 


select page


  
 
 
















our story

located just north of branson in the ozark mountains surrounded by the beauty of mother nature. the heavily wooded area and the skyline of the roaming hills make the perfect setting for your special day. the chapel is a one room log cabin cedar chapel designed for small romantic weddings accommodating parties of 12 or less. seven hand blown oil lamps grace the front wall of the chapel creating a natural candelabra. the grounds are landscaped with beautiful gardens and flowers. take the stress and worry out of planning your wedding. visit with tracy and let her know your needs, and preferences. she will design a wedding package just for you. everything to the last detail will be arranged for you.



“the wedding was absolutely wonderful! tracy was very helpful with everything. everything went so smoothly and i didn’t have to stress out about anything. the pictures were gorgeous i loved them! we had a great time.” —the hartwells’

book a ceremony











gallery

start envisioning your special day by browsing through our gallery of wedding photos. from breathtaking photos with the skyline of the ozark mountains, to charming ceremonies in our one-room log cabin cedar chapel. 
























click here to see photo gallery.
click here to access your personal wedding photos.







important information






missouri license requirements
missouri has no blood test requirements or waiting period. you will be able to pick up your marriage license the same day that you apply for it. the courthouse is open monday- friday, 9 am to 4 pm (except holidays). your license may be purchased at any county in the state of missouri and is good for 30 days from the day you pick it up. you will need to go the courthouse in person and apply for the license during working hours.

what you need to bring
picture id such as your driver’s license and possibly your social security card. the cost of the license will range from$50.00 – $65.00 depending on the county you purchase it in. 

payment 
you may take care of your full package now or pay 1/2 as deposit now and the balance after you arrive.

cancellation policy
10 days notice prior to the date of arrival for a full refund minus a 10% cancellation fee.

guest policy
the maximum amount of guest allowed on property is 15 people, including the bride and groom. any additional guest will be an additional $25.00 charge per guest.

handicap accessible
we are not handicap accessible. there is a paved path to walk down to the chapel with rock steps to a bridge and steps to get into the chapel.








log chapel of the ozarks







contact us









first name


last name


email address


comments




sumbit









followfollow



 











facebook




instagram


1708 bee creek road
branson, mo 65616
(417) 334-6000 




 


















