






dnssec - the dns security extensions - protocol home page



























dnssec: dns security extensionssecuring the domain name system





dnssec.net








dnssec.net
bind9.net
bgp4.as
honeypots.net
wardrive.net
forensics.nl
securitybooks
networkingbooks



securing the domain name system with dnssec


dns, bind, dhcp, ldap resource directory


border gateway protocol and advanced routing


intrusion detection, honeypots & incident response


wireless lan (802.11) security and wardriving


computer forensics and cybercrime resources


the computer security bookstore


the networking & sysadmin bookstore





















          all about dnssec    why deploy dnssec
dnssec papers, articles
dnssec presentations
dnssec research
dns threats & weaknesses
dnssec news & announcements

          dnssec software & practical    dnssec software & tools
dnssec projects, testbeds
dnssec setup & implementation
dnssec training, workshops

          ietf protocol reference (rfc)    dnssec related rfcs (ietf)

home - about - contact


always handy:
dnssec intro rfc (rfc 4033)
dnssec records rfc (rfc 4034)
dnssec protocol rfc (rfc 4035)
dnssec nsec3 rfc (rfc 5155)
dnssec + epp rfc (rfc 5910)
dnssec operational practices
the rfc archive













** bind & dnssec training **from the experts!



        internet systems consortium (isc) is excited to announce a new
        dnssec training.

        the isc dnssec technical workshop covers dnssec implementation and
        deployment.

        complete international training schedule is available here. on-site trainings are also
        possible.














          what is dnssec?  


the root dnssec design team is pleased to report that the first fully
validatable production signed root zone, with soa serial number 2010071501,
was published and began rolling out to the root servers at 2050 utc.

the root trust anchor can be found at the iana dnssec
website.

here is a first press release from isc, which operates the f-root dns
servers.

press release from icann, which has a 'coordination' role of the
internet's naming system.

press release from verisign, which operates two of the dns root
servers (a+j).

press release from us department of commerce, which is principally
responsible for advising the us president on communications and information
policies.

the whitehouse, office of science and technology policy, also
writes about the dnssec signed root zone.



dnssec (short for dns security extensions) adds security
    to the domain name system.
dnssec was designed to protect the internet
    from certain attacks, such as dns cache poisoning [0]. it is a set of extensions to dns, which
    provide: a) origin authentication of dns data, b) data integrity, and c)
    authenticated denial of existence.

    these mechanisms require changes to the dns protocol. dnssec adds four
    new resource record types: resource record signature (rrsig), dns public
    key (dnskey), delegation signer (ds), and next secure (nsec). these new
    rrs are described in detail in rfc 4034.

    it also adds two new dns
    header flags: checking disabled (cd) and authenticated data (ad). in
    order to support the larger dns message sizes that result from adding
    the dnssec rrs, dnssec also requires edns0 support (rfc 2671).

    finally, dnssec requires support for the dnssec ok (do) edns header bit
    (rfc 3225) so that a security-aware resolver can
    indicate in its queries that it wishes to receive dnssec rrs in response
    messages. by checking the signature, a dns resolver is able to check if
    the information is identical (correct and complete) to the info on the
    authoritative dns server.

    dnssec services protect against most of the threats to the domain name
    system. there are several distinct classes of threats to the domain name system,
    most of which are dns-related instances of more general problems, but a
    few of which are specific to peculiarities of the dns protocol.

    note that dnssec does not provide confidentiality of data. 
    also, dnssec does not protect against
    ddos attacks.

    ------
[0] a comprehensive threat analysis of
    the domain name system can be found in rfc 3833. this rfc attempts to describe some of the
    known threats to the dns, and --in doing so-- attempts to measure to
    what extent dnssec is a useful tool in defending against these
    threats.

    more information (research, publications, links) about dns weaknesses
    can be found in the dns threats section.



          


          dns security extensions   

    this website is your independent starting point for all dnssec
    and secure dns related information. you will find all major dnssec presentations, dnssec publications and dnssec research
    documents.

    the core of the dnssec specification is described in the following 3
    rfcs, published march 2005:

rfc 4033 -  dns security introduction and requirements
rfc 4034 -  resource records for the dns security extensions
rfc 4035 -  protocol modifications for the dns security extensions




    rfc 5155 (march 2008) introduces an alternative resource record, nsec3, which provides additional measures against zone enumeration and permits gradual expansion of delegation-centric zones.

rfc 5155 -  dns security (dnssec) hashed authenticated denial of existence



    related rfcs, such as rfc 5910, describe how to map dnssec for the
    extensible provisioning protocol (epp). rfc 4641 describes dnssec operational
    practices.

rfc 5910 -  domain name system (dns) security extensions mapping for the extensible provisioning protocol (epp)
rfc 4641 -  dnssec operational practices



    dnssec key management, including key rollover, is done using specialized
    dnssec software, which can be standalone tools or add-ons to your
    existing dns software. all major dns software will have full or partial
    dnssec functionality built-in within the next years.

    to make deployment of dnssec easier, one can also buy a dedicated
    "dnssec appliance", which acts as an automated dns signer for dns zones. 
    several vendors are already offering commercial and non-commercial
    solutions for signing dns in real time, some of them using external
    cryptographic hardware such as hsm (hardware security modules),
    including usb tokens and smart cards.

    general background info on the domain name system (dns) and its
    workings is available on our companion website bind9.net - in the dns links and dns rfcs sections in
    particular.
 related reading dnssec papers, articles dnssec presentations dnssec tools dnssec threats and weaknesses dns links & whitepapers bind howtos and articles domain registration & epp resources




essential reading


dnssec deployment at the dns root zone: requirements, policies, and status updates
  icann & verisign, dec 2009


secure domain name system (dns) deployment guide
  nist special publication 800-81, apr 2010  


hardening the internet: the impact and importance of dnssec
  surfnet, paul brand, rick van rein, roland van rijswijk, david yoshikawa, 2009  


7 things you should know about dnssec
  educause, jan 2010  


dnssec in 6 minutes
  alan clegg, internetsystems consortium,jun 2008  
the signed root is coming! (and what this means for you)
  peter loscher, internetsystems consortium,jan 2010
are you ready for dnssec? and what to ask your vendors
  michael graff, internetsystems consortium,may 2010


dnssec howto 2009
  olaf kolkman,nlnet labs / ripe ncc, jun 2009

dnssec training course
  olaf kolkman, ripe ncc,q3/2004  

dnssec deployment at the ripe ncc
  (part of the reverse dns restructuring project)ripe ncc, jul 2005

dnssec key management tools released
  olaf kolkman,ripe ncc, apr 2005


good practices guide for deploying dnssec
  enisa, mar 2010  

study on the costs of dnssec deployment
  enisa, nov 2009  

resilience features in communication networks: ipv6, dnssec and mpls
  enisa, jan 2009  

stock taking report on the technologies enhancing resilience of public communication networks in the eu member states
  enisa, may 2009  


dnssec deploymentprogramme website
  isoc deploy360
dnssec part 1the theory
  geoff huston, isoc, aug 2006
dnssec part 2the practice
  geoff huston, isoc, sep 2006
dnssec part 3the opinion
  geoff huston, isoc, oct 2006


dnssec training material
  nlnet labs, oct 2008


dnssec: the protocol, deployment, and a bit of development
  miek gieben in cisco ipj magazine, jun 2004











dnssec.net


bind9.net


bgp4.as


honeypots.net


wardrive.net


forensics.nl


securitybooks


networkingbooks





© 2002-2025 dnssec.net. all rights reserved.

page last modified on wed 26 september 2018 06:35:06 cet

        
dns security





    af183d41d32b8d2060360fbf713dd70a
    



