ï»¿


norcal aussie rescue | australian shepherd rescue in northern california




































 
              home
 
             view 
            aussies
 
              donate
 
             adopt
  volunteer
  list a dog
 
             contact
  faqs
  gallery































welcome to norcal aussie rescue, a california 
                        state nonprofit public benefit corporation. our federal 
                        tax id number: # 26-0076953. we rescue, evaluate and then 
                        place wonderful australian shepherds in just the right 
                        new home. this takes time! we do not adopt out of state. 

aussies can be moderately active to extremely active, 
                          needy or independent, child-friendly or child-intolerant. 
                          aussies are not always good with children. most of our 
                          aussies are strays and we cannot be assured they are 
                          good with children.  read 
                          more about aussies: is an 
                          aussie the right dog for you.
please make sure you view our shelter 
                          listings as well as the related 
                          links because there are many nice dogs in shelters 
                          that have very limited time. choosing the best possible 
                          home for each individual dog is a very time consuming 
                          task - please be patient! if you are interested in adopting 
                          one of our aussies, please fill out an adoption application. if you've submitted an application, 
                          please be patient...we receive 20-30 applications per 
                          day. thank you! 


   
   dogs adopted since december, 2003!   
                                your support makes this possible. thank you!







please sponsor an aussie! 
each foster dog gets at least one trip to the vet for vaccinations,  worming, tests including heartworm, altering, microchip, and each has any health concern addressed. 
in addition to vet bills which are 1/3 of our annual budget, we have on-going expenses for high qualilty dog  food (we get wholesale),  treats, beds, collars and id tags, as well as sanctuary expenses like internet, electricity, propane, cell phone, and gasoline for the van. not including vet bills, our typical  expenses are $4,500-$5,500 per month. please consider an ongoing monthly donation
to help us continue. thank you!  donating is  simple and quick with paypal! 

 



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
dogs posted on this web site have been screened or temperament tested to the best of our ability. 
 
  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~







we need foster homes & volunteers!  we need to grow our volunteer base to better handle our success!  more info »
                                    if you are interested, please fill out our 
                                    online 
                                    form or call kim at (530) 268-1600 or 
                                    email kim@norcalaussierescue.com 

 









aussie adventures

we think traveling with our aussies is a lot of fun. please email us a
photo of you and/or your aussie on a travel adventure, and we'll post it.
tell us where you went and what activities you enjoyed together!
view aussie adventures › 

 








 we 
                                          will not place our aussies in homes 
                                          with children under 12 years of age 
                                          unless it's an  aussie that 
                                          we know has lived with small children.













lost aussies: check our facebook page for updates on lost aussies.













sweet seniors
we feel it's really important to make room at the sanctuary for seniors who end up in shelters. many have passed through our doors and found wonderful, loving homes. some of them spend the rest of their lives with us.
	we offer a place for you to pay tribute to your beloved aussie and invite you to email us a photo and tell us about your special aussie so we might add them to our memorial page.
rather than feeling sad, we hope that you feel encouraged that we gave them a wonderful  life. they certainly enriched ours.
see our new memorial page.
we built a memorial garden at the sanctuaryfor a $1,000 donation, we will create a custom, 6" x 8" bronze plaque with your aussie's photo & your sentiments. 

 











training plays a huge part in the relationship you have with your dog or dogs. we  recommend and often require at least one obedience class with your dog. if we can't set you up with a trainer, go to           www.apdt.com and click on "how to choose a trainer" to learn about different training approaches. then click on "dog trainer search" to find one near your home. we think you should observe a class  before signing up. 

 










	read a newsweek article about puppy mills please share this article with anyone who is considering buying a puppy from a petstore or over the internet.  

 



save a life, foster a dog 
 











  we 












 

				  river blasting through the snow!
			  
please help us with a gift. 
donation with paypal or  mail us a check: 
	  norcal aussie rescue, 10556 combie rd, pmb 6200, auburn, ca 95602.












					a message from kim
1/20/2025  


			we're so grateful for the generous holiday gifts we received! we are in a ood  position to start our 22nd year! 

			that said, we haven't yet reached our goal, so we welcome additional donations! 
			  
			click on this link to read our holiday newsletter view newsletter
  
			we decided to put mookie through training for 3 weeks to help he get over her anxiety and dog reactivity. if you'd like to help with her "tuition" please donated on our paypal link above.     

			we're still getting many calls and emails asking us to take dogs. dogs are being abandoned and shelters won't take them. nothing i can do but feel sad.                                 
			if you'd like to foster or volunteer at the sanctuary, please email me at kim@norcalaussierescue.com



    see photos from our 20th anniversary party here:

view photos


 our carmel beach reunion was  9/27/24. thanks to all who came!                                                 

			our fire evacuation trailer is ready to go if need be....let's hope we are not evacuated!                
			                                                                                                  


occasionally, i need to leave over night and we have no pet sitter. we board our foster dogs at $36 per night per dog.     this is huge.  if you'd like to donate towards our boarding expenses, please                     click here


			thanks again to sue wilson for making a video of our time together in 2014! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur4paihlad4

archive of kim's messages











thanks to the support of so many, boomer's heart is healthy!  boomer was barely 8 weeks old and 4.7 pounds when we rescued him. he was bred by someone who gave the puppies away at 6 weeks of age as "party favors" to the girls at her daughter's birthday party. 
terrible thing to do!

when boomer was taken to  the vet for shots, the vet determined that he had a loud heart murmur. i got the call that afternoon asking us to take this wee one. 
    after speaking with our vet at sacramento animal hospital, i learned that boomer has patent ductus arteriosus (pda) which is a common birth defect in puppies. pda is a failure of the connection between both sides of the heart to close at birth. if left open, boomer can have serious problems or die.
    
    boomer had surgery on 5/19 and went to his new home on 6/12. please "like" his fb page: friends of boomer

      if you'd like to donate towards his $6,000 vet bill  or simply help replenish our medical fund so we can help the next one, please   donate with paypal







still news


norcal aussie rescue is  featured in bark magazine. thank you marcia!https://thebark.com/content/case-study-saving-aussiesbark  magazine
 
    

donations may be made using your credit card 
                                with paypal or by 
                                check made payable to ncar, inc and mail to our post office box::
norcal aussie rescue, inc. 
                                
                                10556 combie rd, pmb #6200 
                                auburn, ca 95602
                                ph 530-268-1600/fax 530-268-9911
                              you can print this pdf for mailing your  donation. thank you! 





 



 


















 amazonsmile  is gone.    if you'd like to continue supporting our aussies, please consider subscribing to automated giving below.
    








			if you'd like to give a monthly gift using your credit card, simply click here to sign up with paypal.

			




subscribe to automatic giving




option 1: $15.00 usd - monthly
option 2: $25.00 usd - monthly
option : $50.00 usd - monthly
option 4: $75.00 usd - monthly
option 5: $100.00 usd - monthly
option 6: $150.00 usd - monthly
option 7: $500.00 usd - yearly
option 8: $1,000.00 usd - yearly
















					dinner under the stars 2015
					was a fun evening!
				
				thank you to our benefactors, sponsors and guests! 

				see this years photos:
				
2015 photos





 follow our adoptions stories on facebook!


donations to norcal aussie rescuedonations may be made using your credit card  with paypal or by check made payable to ncar, inc and mail to our post office box:norcal aussie rescue, inc.10556 combie rd, pmb #6200auburn, ca 95602ph 530-268-1600/fax 530-268-9911you can print this pdf for mailing your  donation. thank you! 





we need foster homes! if you are interested in fostering, please submit an foster home application by clicking on volunteer.




			champion propwash reckon won best in show at akc nationals. see videos of finals
			https://www.akc.org/videos/aenc/
			stunning red merle!
		




					new youtube videos!!
					view the great video of the reunion
norcal aussie rescue sanctuary
this is a great introduction to the work we do at the sanctuary!
				watch all the youtube videos sue has created for us on our multimedia page.
			
see the fun by watching sue wilson's video of our reunion in june 2013 video: https://youtu.be/9a2er3-dybe
2012 reunion at pt. isabel! https://youtu.be/k0p7je13f70

special needs dogs are just special
				if you think it's a disability, just check out the video of bailey (now named emma) running around with ammo in her new home.
			



	special dogs 
			we often rescue dogs with special challenges or talents that require a certain living situation.
			lily is a perfect example of a loving aussie with 1 quirk!
		



feature stories


want to know more about what we do?  read about adoptions of some of the dogs that have come through our doors.


read our feature stories:



red's new life



we're building an aussie sanctuary!



nina, the little black tri that could



whatever happened to dollie?



the resilient aussie: puppymill rescuee cassie trusts again



katie found her forever home



read past features »










quick links



would you like to help us? become a sponsor or make a contribution online.



meet our available dogs & view our adoption gallery!



are you looking for a new family member? fill out an adoption application and we'll contact you. 



interested in becoming a foster home? fill out the foster home application.



are you looking to rehome your aussie? fill out a list a dog application.



is an australian shepherd the right breed for you? learn more about them.



related links and other rescue sites.



fun stuff  send in your fun pics!



about us



 information on deaf aussies
























contact norcal aussie rescue, inc. :: web site design by mediazeal web design  ::  our design awards© 2003-2017 norcal aussie rescue, sacramento :: privacy policy :: site map







