



















































pomerantz career center | the university of iowa






























    skip to main content
  






the university of iowa






university of iowa





            pomerantz career center
          


top links


employers


faculty & staff








search

submit search







search









site main navigation

aboutcontact usoverview of servicesrequest serviceshiring data & reportsstaff directorycareer coachingcareer peer advising programcareer communitiesmy career pathacademic & leadership programsleadership studies certificatecareer leadership academyui stepresumes & cover lettersresumescurriculum vitae (cv)cover lettersreferencesportfolioscareer prepexploring majors & careersare you career ready?career treksindustry insightselevator pitchesinterviewsinterview questionsinterview typesmock interviewsinformational interviewsrequest an interviewlinkedin & social medianetworkingsalary information & negotiating offersprepare for graduate and professional schoolgap year opportunitiestips for familiesjobs & internshipshandshakecareer fairsstudent employmentinternshipsfinding your internshipregistering your internshipsucceeding at your internshiphawkeye experience grantmicro-internshipsthe washington centerjob & internship listing linkscomprehensive job listingsfederal government employment resourcesjob listings by city/stateworking in iowajob search checklistfeatured employersresearch employersinternational job searchvolunteer & service learning opportunities

























 











        let's prepare for your future
      


our team of career coaches and peer advisors are eager to assist as you explore and prepare for exciting career opportunities ahead, whether it's student employment, internships, post-grad jobs, or grad school. it's never too early to get started!




                    schedule an appointment
                    


                    find a job on handshake
                    


                    find your career community
                    















        upcoming events
      













        career connectors elective: my career path 101
      





                  monday, february 17, 2025 1:00pm to 2:00pm
                

university capitol centre


in addition to offering the three foundational courses within career connectors, there are also a variety of elective opportunities for continuous professional development and a deeper dive on specific topics. stay up to date with the latest industry insights, gain new perspectives, and enhance your skills as you navigate the ever-evolving landscape of career development!

the pomerantz career center is proud to introduce my career path, a site that provides 24/7 access to career expertise and...








        info-session: ma museum administration program, st. john's university, ny
      





                  monday, february 17, 2025 4:00pm to 6:30pm
                

virtual


join prof. susan rosenberg, founding director of st. john’s university ma museum administration program, new york; learn about curriculum, admission, online course offerings, internship/job outcomes, funding opportunities, cross-disciplinary study in the public history and library & information sciences master’s degree programs. ask questions and share info about your interest areas and background.

https://www.stjohns.edu/academics/programs/museum-administration-master-...

register: https:/...













        career connectors session 2: connecting to experience
      





                  tuesday, february 18, 2025 10:30am to 12:00pm
                

university capitol centre


designed by the pomerantz career center, the career connector training series engages faculty and staff in a tailored curriculum designed to provide knowledge about the career development process and the foundations of employability, as well as teaching best practices for having career conversations with students. participants will learn valuable helping skills, goal setting techniques, ethical practices, and how best to make referrals to the pomerantz career center. career connectors takes a...








        work/intern at sony japan: information session (ui)
      





                  wednesday, february 19, 2025 7:00pm to 8:00pm
                

virtual


greetings from the global talent acquisition team at sony hq in tokyo!

we welcome all current and recently graduated bachelor’s, master’s, and phd students (and postdocs!) to join our information session event. this event will introduce our open positions, working culture, and support we provide for you to join us at sony in japan (see event outline below).

please refer to our full list of open positions here: https://sonyglobal.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/sonyjapancareers

the link above includes...













        the university of iowa computing conference (uicc) 2025
      





                  saturday, february 22, 2025 10:00am to 7:00pm
                

university of iowa main library


"the uicc is hosted by the students and for the students to promote computing as a science and a profession."

date: feb. 22

check out past conferences! [ 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024]

acm@uiowa welcomes students, faculty, and all members of the community to our annual uiowa computing conference! the theme for uicc 2025 is "finance and technology." on feb. 22, join us at the ajb and the main library sham auditorium for a deep exploration of how computer science and...













        do's, don'ts, & donuts: preparing for the career fair
      





                  monday, february 24, 2025 3:00pm to 4:00pm
                

pomerantz center


grab a donut and learn all about how to best prepare for the upcoming all majors career fair!


 
pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2




              page
            3

…


next page
next ›




last page
last »





view more events









 

















        career guide
      




our career guide will help you find your path and prepare you for your career.



                  check it out!
                  









 





















        explore careers
      




our free career assessments can help you narrow choices and discover options you may not have considered!



                  explore now!
                  









 

















        hawkeye engage
      



hawkeye engage has resources for ways to gain experience, do research, go abroad, and give back.



                  get involved!
                  














        featured employers
      

these employers go the extra mile to recruit hawkeyes!



  learn more
  











  




  




  










  




  










  




  










  




  
















        give to hawkeyes
      



funds donated through the university of iowa center for advancement help students with expenses related to internships or other career related experiences.



donate
              

































        join handshake
      



university of iowa's #1 job search website
              
















the university of iowa






university of iowa




pomerantz career center



c310 pomerantz center
iowa city, iowa 52242
319-335-1023
careercenter@uiowa.edu


social media


 facebook


 instagram


 linkedin


 youtube





admin login



footer primary


my career path


big interview


candid career


handshake


goinglobal


contact us




footer secondary


hiring data & annual reports


ui career services referral list


distance education students




footer tertiary


resources for alumni


tips for families


post-graduate survey







© 2025 the university of iowa

privacy notice


ui nondiscrimination statement


accessibility














