







tabberone main page. 




tabberone is pronounced tab ber won
		                                                                      not tay ber own








www.tabberone.com


home | site index | email me!

































tabberone's trademark page
click here!




indie law and joey vitale

in our opinion, joey vitale is incompetent as an intellectual property lawyer. 
	to find out why we think so  
	click here!








buc-ee's sucks!
the texas interstate bully files one frivolous lawsuit after another to intimidate competitors.

click here to read how stupid they are!






curtis scheib sucks!
who is curis f scheib and why do we care? 

click here to see why! he is a liar and a thief. and we prove it. 































	since this site was named after  tabitha,, the sweetest, gentlest cat that ever lived, i've included 3 small photos of her at the bottom of the page.



 
and we miss pixel who loved dog food as much as cat food.





  


tabber's temptations ™, has been on the internet since 1999, and was known for high-quality fabrics. 
	now we have discontinued selling fabrics of any kind. 






rebath of colorado springs sucks! 
			rebath in general sucks!


	click here to read about them











	this web site, tabberone.com is owned and maintained by karen dudnikov and michael meadors, 
	p.o. box 87, hartsel co 80449. we are solely responsible for the content and the opinions expressed here. 
	please make sure you spell our names correctly on any threats of litigation and/or court documents.  











a cup of joe for a joe  by green beans coffee company 

 

	karen and mike, also known to you as tabberone, have been actively participating in various troop support programs 
	for a number of years. an important one we have discovered and supported is one run by the 
	green beans coffee company of larkspur, california. the green beans coffee company runs coffee 
	houses in iraq and afghanistan, the middle east and at other us military bases around the world. your donations are 
	converted into email chits that are randomly given to military personnel who are based near these coffee houses. you 
	are then sent an email by green beans coffee telling at what location your donation(s) was distributed. the military 
	recipient of your donation is also given the opportunity to email you a thank you with a message, which many of them do. 

	modern military deployment has changed very much since wwii, korea and vietnam. back then there was no internet 
	or cell phones. a soldier very rarely could call home or even go home on leave. but modern deployment does not alter 
	the dangers they face. green beans coffee is one of the little pleasures they can enjoy. any donation makes a service 
	man or service woman smile. we contribute every month.
 
 

	more information is available at https://www.greenbeanscoffee.com 
	we rarely link to other sites. it is a really good cause. 










our soldier wall 





 
	between cup of joe for a joe and adoptaplatoon we have had a bunch of adopted soldiers over the years. 
	we began supporting our troops through adoptaplatoon in 2008. a few years later we heard of the cup of joe for a joe and began using them as well. 
	this is a picture our soldier wall, as of february 12, 2019. on display are items we have been sent by various organizations and individuals. 
	we just got our seventh american flag in february, 2019. we link to pages with close-up pictures of the different gifts. please excuse 
	the camera flash as these are amateur pictures.  



 click here  for a detail of each item on the wall and close-up pictures.  


	   
		   
		   










 kitty korner 
 do you also have kitties?  if you'd like to see more of mine, check out
kitty korner. 
	if you've got pictures of your kitty and would like to  add them to kitty korner, check it out.

	or, take a look at our place in hartsel, colorado.

	and visit the dog house, pictures of the sweetest dog, killer.




 funny bumper stickers





you may contact me at:



tabber's temptations  
		karen dudnikov
		p.o. box 87 
		hartsel, co 80449
		719-207-1912

karen@tabberone.com
	please email me before calling!



 




my 3 small pictures of sweet departed tabber
	the cat who never had a bad hair day!













early humans domesticated the dog to aid 
	in hunting and home protection.	

	cats domesticated humans to have a warm place to sleep.

tabberone, 2009


  


	don't go to bed mad.  stay awake and plot your revenge.

	if you had ever met my family  you would understand.

	everything i say is irrefutably supported by my opinion.



	tabberone!  the woman. the myth. the legend.

	i started out with nothing and  i still have most of it left.

	red meat isn't bad for you.  fuzzy green meat is.


	
	you know you are getting old when  everything has either dried up or leaks.

	i have child-proofed my house	 but they keep getting in anyway.

	don't argue with an idiot; people watching  may not be able to tell the difference.



deja moo  the feeling you have heard this bull before.

	don't worry about what other people think they don't do it very often.

	i.m not addicted to coffee but we have a serious relationship



  

r.i.p. killer & cassie - best of friends
		killer - born 2000 - deceased 2010	
		a really sweet dog. she will be missed.	
		cassie - born 1998 - deceased 2016	
		the sweetest cat ever. she will be missed.	

 	pictures july, 2009

  	killer & cassie


   
 
   



   
   
   
   

*

&
&
&


















