





american school of lutherie, guitar making


























index

    american school of lutherie
          expert training for luthiers of all levels      
      
 




      home        classes        registration         faq       about us      testimonials       links



 



contemporary guitar making  
5-day seminar
 
june 9 - 13
 
   contemporary guitar making is
          a comprehensive overview of the entire field of modern lutherie. whether you're an experienced luthier or  just beginning, this unique 5-day seminar will have a lasting impact on the depth and breadth of your understanding as you build your guitars.

contemporary guitar making details



 
 



setup, fret work & basic repair
        
        
          7-day guitar tech workshop
 
february 23 - march 1
 


setup, fret work & basic repair is a 7-day hands-on workshop introducing the skills and  techniques used by professional guitar techs to keep guitars in great condition,  playing at their best.       
you'll learn how to trouble-shoot instrument instruments, optimize their performance, 
          and correct the most common problems that full-time repair persons deal with. 

setup, fret work & basic repair details 



 

 



hands-on guitar making        
2-week acoustic guitar workshop
 
march 31 - april 12





new format:
 intermediate/advanced class for 
only 2 students with lutherie and woodworking experience. inquire
for application.
 
 
hands-on guitar making teaches professional methods and techniques used by today's professional lutheriers.  spend two         high-energy weeks learning the craft as you build your own guitar
in a setting designed to maximize your learning and the quality of 
your work. 

 acoustic guitar making details  

 
 



hands-on guitar making
7-day electric & bass workshop
 
may 11 - 17
 
new format:
intermediate/advanced class for 
only 2 students with lutherie and wordworking experience. inquire
 for application.
 


hands-on guitar making teaches professional methods 
and techniques used by today's successful luthiers. spend one high-energy week learning the 
craft as you build your own guitar
 in a setting designed to maximize your learning and the quality of 
your work. 

electric & bass guitar making details


 
 

 

welcome to asl      

greetings, charles fox here. thanks 
for your interest in the american school of lutherie. for  over 40  years it's been my pleasure to teach the craft of guitar making and  offer my best counsel to folks seeking to enter the field.  with so many schools to choose among today, i've included a page of advice on selecting a school, which i hope you'll find useful.
   sign up for our  quarterly newsletter
                   at the bottom of this page

asl is the original and longest established school for luthiers in north america. since 1973 many hundreds of beginning and experienced craftspeople have passed through our doors, learning valuable skills and gaining powerful insights into this challenging work. we've introduced the craft to many of today's established luthiers and guided experienced builders to new levels of mastery.  along the way we've developed the basic learning model and teaching formats used by guitar making classes everywhere.

asl, in portland, oregon, specializes in intensive, short-term classes for busy working adults - beginners and experienced guitar makers for whom one and two week-long hands-on building classes, workshops and seminars offer a choice of learning experiences designed to provide a strong foundation for continuing work on your own. classes are small, the environment is friendly and stimulating. we have a good time sharing information, and you'll likely make a friend or two to stay in touch with and compare notes with as you move forward on your own.

class full?  all currently scheduled class dates are posted on this page. to keep our lives flexible for guitar production, travel, etc, we post class dates 3-6 months prior to each class. to be notified of future course dates, and receive lutherie and tooling tips, subscribe to our newsletter at the bottom of this page.
you'll find class details in the classes section or on each class's individual page, and answers to your most frequently asked questions on the faq page. please email any questions or comments, or feel free to call us.  we'll  be happy  to chat with you in person. 








contact us:    
      email: info@americanschooloflutherie.com

      portland, oregon   97225
  tel: (503) 292-2385    guitar making school  guitar building school  guitar making classes  guitar building classes  guitar making  guitar building  guitar building course  guitar making course
      
    




subscribe to our mailing list:
* indicates required

email address  * 



first name *         



last name *        



notes (interested in a particular class?)





 





copyright â© 2003-2025 american school of lutherie 








