












home - nasopure

























































































 























 orders@nasopure.com 1 877 477 8633 





 login register 
my account
cart
 
 
























home
about us

our story
about dr. hana
the nasopure difference
press
testimonials

adult testimonials
children testimonials
physician testimonials
store buyer testimonials




facts & benefits

studies & references
benefits


library

doctor’s lectures
podcasts with dr hana
educational articles

all articles
as the nose goes, the ears follow
avoid antibiotic overuse – help your body stay clean
best way to wash your nose
blowing the nose
can nasal washing help?
childhood asthma
dr. hana says: healthy noses support healthy kids
food allergies and the pediatric airway
freedom from allergies
freedom from allergies, finally
history of nasal washing
how to pick the best neti pot?
irrigation, not operation
kids can’t hear, check their nose
maximize airflow, improve your game!
medicine in the mix
nasal medications, preservatives and additives
nasal spray addiction: rhinitis medicamentosa
nasal washing: understanding the nose structure
natural solutions for your allergies
nervous neti? not if it’s nice!
nose hairs
online resources
paying through the nose-the cost of nasal woes
primary function of the nose: defend, protect and shield
scared of water?
seasonal sniffles
sleep and your nose
stuffed up? solutions for sinus infections
the eyes have it – an intimate connection with the nose
smell and taste
the magic of mucus
washing the nose
what’s new about nasal washing
wildfires and nose washing
your baby’s nose


videos
instructions for use

instructions for use – general
teaching 2 – 3 year olds
teaching 4 – 6 year olds
teaching 7 – 9 year olds


gone green
faq


shop
contact us
  





















 



 



 



 



 










the most comfortable nose wash in the world!


 


				buy now			



 


				education & empowerment			



 

			our mission: first do no harm 
					
we are on a mission to educate people on the benefits of nasal washing. as a company, our goal is to help you feel better and breathe easier, naturally! we breathe 10,000 liters of air per day and your nose is the first line of defense in a polluted world. help avoid unnecessary illness and overmedication ~ wash daily!







 


benefits
-

read more



 


differences
-

read more



 


videos
-

read more



 


studies show
-

read more



 


faq
-

read more



 


testimonials
-

read more









 
what people are saying about us








 

this totally changed my life
i have been amazed at the outcome of the nasopure nasal wash. i have year-round allergies, which means i spend more time sick than well. since using the saline solution flushes i have not had any sinusitis for close to ten years. before the surgery, i had sinusitis continually for five months and no amount of antibiotic could get rid of it. this totally changed my life.
al b 





 

a great alternative to medicine
i really like my nasopure bottle and use it routinely - especially now, in allergy and cold season. it is so much easier to use than a neti pot. i use mine in the shower, so much quicker and no mess! i am purchasing nasopure kits for christmas gifts. my hat goes off to dr. hana for a great alternative to medicine. the salt packets are so convenient and not as harsh as sea salt. i recommend this system to people of all ages.
lindy 





 

the results are remarkable!
i have spent my life in children's noses and i was thrilled to try nasopure! dr. hana has grasped what so few have fully realized: the nose is a critical structure that greatly influences wellness and illnesses throughout the body. if you are a person with a suffering nose, you need to give it a try!
dr. parsons 





 

no more snoring
dr. hana talked with me about the benefits of nose washing and helping me with my snoring. i tried nose washing and it works! my wife says, ‘i don’t hear your snoring any more, what have you done?’ i told her about the addition to my daily hygiene routine. she was as amazed as i was. i can breathe easier. i think of washing my nose as similar to brushing my teeth.
michael s. smith 





 

perfect for my five-year old!
i read about nasopure in parents magazine. it sounded like the perfect thing for my five-year-old son who has been having a really rough time with his runny nose due to allergies. after about four to five days i noticed that his nose was much more clear! i would and will definitely recommend this!
jessica c - napoleon 





 

the bottle is an easy delivery system!
before nasopure, i had undergone 4 sinus surgeries, i treated my ent physicians’ office as if it had a revolving door, lived on antihistamines, singulair, nasal steroids and took antibiotics like candy. using nasopure for the past three years, i have had no sinus infections. the bottle is an easy delivery system especially for anyone with cervical arthritis. nasopure has become part of my daily routine and i highly recommend this fantastic product for anyone.
dr donald brown, m.d 








 






about us we are on a mission to educate people on the benefits of nasal washing. as a company, our goal is to help you feel better and breathe easier, naturally! we breathe 10,000 liters of air per day and your nose is the first line of defense in a polluted world. help avoid unnecessary illness and overmedication ~ wash daily!

 

important links 
my account
contact us
disclaimer
privacy policy
refund policy
guarantee
ccpa privacy notice for california residents

 

get in touch 
 601 aviation blvd, santa rosa, ca 95403 
+1 877 477 8633
orders@nasopure.com

 









copyright ©  nasopure all rights reserved.







 



 



 
















 


 

you were not leaving your cart just like that, right? enter your details below to save your shopping cart for later. and, who knows, maybe we will even send you a sweet discount code :) 

save 








we use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. this includes personalizing content and advertising. by continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies and revised privacy policy. 
 
accept    
 

        privacy policy 

    change settings  






cookie box settings



cookie box settings






 privacy settings


decide which cookies you want to allow.

you can change these settings at any time. however, this can result in some functions no longer being available. for information on deleting the cookies, please consult your browser’s help function.

learn more about the cookies we use.


with the slider, you can enable or disable different types of cookies: 





block all




essentials




functionality




analytics




advertising







this website will:

this website won't:


 



 remember which cookies group you accepted
 essential: remember your cookie permission setting
 essential: allow session cookies
 essential: gather information you input into a contact forms, newsletter and other forms across all pages
 essential: keep track of what you input in a shopping cart
 essential: authenticate that you are logged into your user account
 essential: remember language version you selected
 functionality: remember social media settings
 functionality: remember selected region and country
 analytics: keep track of your visited pages and interaction taken
 analytics: keep track about your location and region based on your ip number
 analytics: keep track of the time spent on each page
 analytics: increase the data quality of the statistics functions
 advertising: tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies.
 advertising: gather personally identifiable information such as name and location




 essential: remember your cookie permission setting
 essential: allow session cookies
 essential: gather information you input into a contact forms, newsletter and other forms across all pages
 essential: keep track of what you input in a shopping cart
 essential: authenticate that you are logged into your user account
 essential: remember language version you selected
 functionality: remember social media settings
 functionality: remember selected region and country
 analytics: keep track of your visited pages and interaction taken
 analytics: keep track about your location and region based on your ip number
 analytics: keep track of the time spent on each page
 analytics: increase the data quality of the statistics functions
 advertising: tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies.
 advertising: gather personally identifiable information such as name and location







save & close

































































