







the rudkin aviary - major mitchell's cockatoo



















































0








        skip to content
      
























        contact me
      




























open menu
close menu




























        contact me
      




























open menu
close menu
























                  contact me
                




























































2023 major mitchell’s family






































rudkin aviary is a specialty collection of australian major mitchell’s cockatoos (lophochroa leadbeateri leadbeateri).  founded in 1912 by mr. f. h. rudkin sr., it has continued to flourish through the generations to the present owners, terry & rita rudkin in california. the aviary is a 'state of the art' facility situated on approximately 1/3 acre located within an avocado orchard at rudkin ranch immediately adjacent to our residence.  the aviary consists of number of breeding flights for our collection of  major mitchell's, long billed corella, and greater sulphur crested cockatoos. we primarily specialize in the major mitchell's cockatoo and parent-raised birds are available year-round. the aviary construction is of special manufactured low-lead content wire and steel with concrete floors to eliminate parasite infestation and the intrusion of vermin. each flight provides the breeding pairs with natural eucalyptus perches and ‘at will’ access to sun or shade, and protection from adverse weather. we do not buy and resell birds, therefore our collection is free of bird diseases and other problems that can result from exposure to outside bird populations. our aviary diet is based on the roudybush pelleted-food products supplemented with fresh new zealand spinach (tetragonia  expansa), eucalyptus branches & pods, and fresh citrus - all grown on the ranch property. we do a minimum of artificial incubation, preferring to allow our breeding pairs and mother nature to produce a superior quality baby bird for collectors and breeders.  all birds are closed banded with our own unique serial number/letters to ensure our ability to track and report on their origin years later, and to protect from inadvertent breeding within the same blood lines.



2019 young unrelated major mitchell’s 















1994 mature unrelated breeding major mitchell’s



2004 mature unrelated breeding major mitchell’s



2012 mature unrelated breeding major mitchell’s















2012 breeding major mitchell’s hen














major mitchell's or leadbeater cockatoo (lophochroa leadbeateri) inhabit the wooded grasslands in the interior of australia, and derive their name from the english explorer sir thomas mitchell. major mitchell's are rarely reported in large numbers most often seen throughout their range in pairs or small groups. the major mitchell's spend a good portion of the day searching on the ground for grass seeds, fruits, nuts, berries, and  roots. the breeding season, in the northern hemisphere,  begins in march and can last into may given suitable amounts of rain and moderate spring temperatures.  they prefer wood nesting boxes or hollowed logs and are voracious chewers. clutch size can range from 2 to 4 eggs with incubation, usually by both parents, lasting approximately 25-27 days. parents raised babies usually leave the nest at about 55 days and continue to be fed and nurtured until 90 days from their hatch date. by far one of the most strikingly beautiful of the cockatoos, especially when displaying its large forward curving 'indian war bonnet' of white tipped scarlet red crest feathers with yellow middle bands. at rudkin aviary the major mitchell’s is our specialty.  every effort is made to parent raise these birds for the discerning collector and/or breeder.  only occasionally, do we have hand-raised major mitchell’s for clients seeking pets. for the collector/breeder, we have a number of young pairs, age 1 - 3 years (currently 2024, 2023, 2022 hatch seasons),  guaranteed unrelated, dna sexed pairs for sale.  contact us for prices as the price varies by maturity. we do not export, but will cooperate with a buyer arranged export freight forwarder.  however, we can assist with shipment to hawaii through a qualified hawaii quarantine veterinary near our home in california.  contact us for availability and current price.  

2024 season unrelated pairs of major mitchell’s2023 season unrelated pairs of major mitchell’s
























major mitchell’s at 1 year of age















dna sex determined young major mitchell’s in juvenile flight for their first year















major mitchell’s at 30 days of age



major mitchell’s at 3 - 5 days of age















major mitchell’s at 45 days of age & fledge at 55 days















2014 hen with her three young major mitchell’s















major mitchell’s at 15 days of age



major mitchell’s at 40 days of age














as of this date, december 29, 2024, unrelated 2022, 2023, & 2024 hatch year, dna sex determined pairs are available  for the breeding collector.















lutino galah - mutation of normal rosebreasted (not for sale at this time)














each bird sale is documented with a sales contract and purchase agreement specifying the following terms of sale:1. the species, sex, age, band number, and guarantee of domestic origin at rudkin aviary;2. health guarantee and terms for health verification with buyer's veterinary;3. purchase price refund and transportation return guarantee in the event of health defect verified by seller & buyer veterinary;4. purchase price, purchase deposit, and shipping payment terms; and5. any other special conditions & agreements applicable to the sale and shipping transaction.please note that delta airlines live animal cargo service is our preferred shipping option.  in over 50 years of shipping we have never had a significant issue.contact us either by telephone or e-mail. we look forward to speaking with you.call us at usa pacific coast time at 805-727-3173 (country code 001) or  e-mail us at terry.h.rudkin@gmail.com.  if we do not answer the telephone, please leave us a voice message and  your telephone number.  we will call you back as soon as possible.terry & rita rudkinthe rudkin aviarycalifornia, usaupdated december 29, 2024
























































made with squarespace











