
 





wilcox world travel and tours presents – the passion play in oberammergau germany


































↓ skip to main content








wilcox world travel and tours presents




main navigation

menu
home
last passion play in 2010





text of the passion play for 2010


about our tours
passion play faq
passion play 2010 performance
passion play over the years
history of the passion play
turmwrit hotel
testimonials
town of oberammergau
 














					welcome to passion play 2020				

					performed in oberammergau, germany				
once a decade, this town of 5000 performs the world's most magnificent production of the passion play.


						wilcox passion play tours					










history of the passion play things were going well for oberammergau in the early 1630’s. the small town was respected for their high quality wood carvings. on a successful sales trip through other parts of germany, austria and switzerland, a woodcarver returned to the tiny hamlet in the ammergau alps with the plague. within a year, a quarter of the population of oberammergau had died. not a single household escaped the suffering and loss...more



the passion play 2010  glenn wallace wilcox, jr., ceo, tyler wilcox, dir of sales & marketing, glenn wallace wilcox, iii, dir of operations attending the opening night on 15 may 2010
start of each performance: 14:30, end: 23:00 (with a three-hour interval). for the first time in the 376-year history of the oberammergau passion play, part of the play will be performed in the evening.
102 performances from 15 may to 3 october 2010, five times a week.
there were no performances on mondays and wednesdays.
more than half a million visitors from all over the world saw our play.
promoter of the 2010 passion play was the community of oberammergau.



testimonials “i went to oberammergau to see the passion play in 2000 and had never been to europe before.  my entire trip was delightful.  i booked my trip through wilcox world travel and tours, and went with a group from first united methodist church in durango, colorado, not knowing a single person on the trip….not even my roommate.  it could not have been a better fit for me to go and have such a wonderful experience...more








 






			 ©  2025		
		wilcox world travel and tours presents		
			 | powered by		

			 responsive theme			 













