









































xml, data integration, and mobile app development solutions | altova



















products



desktop development tools

missionkit®suite of xml, json, and sql tools including xmlspy & mapforce
xmlspy®ai-ready json & xml editor for modeling, editing, transforming, & debugging all related technologies
mapforce®graphical data mapping tool for any-to-any data conversion, data integration, & etl
stylevision®visual report designer for rendering xml, xbrl, & database data in web & print formats
umodel®uml tool for software modeling, design, and code engineering
databasespy®multi-database query and design tool & sql editor with ai assistant
diffdog®comparison tool to diff/merge source code text file, xml & json files, word docs, & databases
schemaagent®visual tool for managing relationships among xml-based files
authentic®xml content authoring tool and document editor for non-technical users



rapid app development

mobiletogether®app development framework for building data-driven enterprise solutions & native apps for all platforms
recordsmanager®ai-powered, no-code tool for building database solutions for mobile & desktop with no coding or database development required

server software products

flowforce® serverworkflow engine for implementing, managing & monitoring multi-step enterprise data integration processes
mapforce® serverhighly-affordable, high-performance automation of any-to-any data conversion, integration, & etl processes
stylevision® serverautomate generation of business reports & documents based on xml, xbrl, and sql data in web & print formats
diffdog® serverautomate high-volume comparisons & generate diff reports comparing files, directories, urls, & databases
mobiletogether® serverback-end hub that powers the server logic, connectivity, data processing, & security options for your apps
raptorxml® serverhyper-fast validation & processing engine for xml, xbrl, json, xsd, xslt, xpath/xquery, & avro
license serverfree license manager that simplifies management of your altova software licenses



altova cloud apps

contractmanager®highly-customizable contract management solution for companies of all sizes
cbc reporting solutionallows business users to generate cbc xml filing reports via a non-technical interface
recordsmanager®ai-ready, no-code tool for building database solutions deployed on premises or in the cloud

regulatory solutions

cbc reporting solutionallows business users to generate cbc xml filing reports via a non-technical interface
gdpr compliance databaseeasily document your organization's handling of personal data in accordance with gdpr principles
european banking authority (eba) xbrl add-in for excelgenerate eba reports compliant with eba xbrl filing rules directly in excel
european single electronic format (esef) xbrl add-in for excelgenerate esef reports compliant with esef xbrl filing rules directly in excel
eiopa (solvency ii) xbrl add-in for excelgenerate eiopa (solvency ii) reports compliant with solvency ii xbrl filing rules directly in excel
work in process (wip) xbrl add-in for excelgenerate wip reports compliant with wip xbrl filing rules directly in excel





desktop development tools

missionkit
xmlspy
mapforce
stylevision
umodel
databasespy
diffdog
schemaagent
authentic



rapid app development

mobiletogether
recordsmanager



server software products

flowforce server
mapforce server
stylevision server
raptorxml server
diffdog server
mobiletogether server
licenseserver



altova cloud apps

contractmanager
cbc reporting solution
recordsmanager



regulatory solutions

cbc reporting solution
gdpr compliance database
european banking authority (eba) xbrl add-in for excel
european single electronic format (esef) xbrl add-in for excel
eiopa (solvency ii) xbrl add-in for excel
work in process (wip) xbrl add-in for excel





download
shop
support
platform
library

technologies

ai
edi
etl
healthcare
java
json
mqtt
regulatory solutions
xbrl
xml
xml schema
xpath
xquery
xslt


blog











new in missionkit v2025
yaml grid view

data mapping for azure cosmos db

enhancements for pdf data extraction

openapi support

eba data quality checks
new in mobiletogether 10.0
support for mobile barcode scanners

styles inspector in simulator

html label control

find unused localization strings

additional app info on server admin page

and much more!
mapforce data mappingwith graphical, any-to-any data conversion, mapforce makes data integration easy and elegant. new features:
support for microsoft azure cosmos db

pdf extractor: text search

openapi as definition of rest calls

auto-generation of edifact contrl
xmlspy xml & json editorrock-solid standards conformance, full json support, smartfix xml validation, enterprise-grade debuggers, and more. new features:
yaml grid view

yaml schema support

openapi extensions for json schema

eba data quality checks
new in recordsmanager 3.1
ai assistant for creating custom database apps

go from idea to database in seconds

use ai prompts to create or modify db structure

build dbs with no design experience

built-in ai samples and demo
altova contractmanagersecure, cloud-based contract managementfull-featured and highly-customizable affordable for firms of all sizes
learn more...
country-by-country (cbc) reporting app cloud-based app for business usersgenerate valid cbc reports in xmluser-friendly data entry options upload data via excel templateall new altova cloudcomplete saas solutions for business users secure, user-friendly platformcloud-based legal & regulatory apps

								learn more...
							
previousnextsoftware + app development
desktop and mobile app development, data integration, and more

						the altova data platform gives developers the tools they need to build software, data integration, and reporting solutions for xml, json, sql, and more, as well as to build mobile apps and enterprise database solutions in record time.
					server software
high-performance data processing automation

						altova’s cross-platform server software products are optimized to provide high-performance automation of essential business processes including workflow orchestration, validation & processing, data integration & etl, report generation, and more.
					regulatory solutions
legal and accounting solutions for business users

						altova regulatory solutions make it easy for business users to generate regulatory filing reports in xbrl or xml for eba, esef, eiopa, and others, in a user-friendly interface, without being exposed to the complexity of the underlying syntax.
					cloud apps
complete saas solutions for business users

						the altova cloud offers easy, seamless access to altova's legal, regulatory, and database solutions directly in the cloud. with nothing to download or install, users can get to work right away. 
					downloadall altova products areavailable for a 
				free,fully-functional, 30-day trial.
				updateexisting customersmay update to the latestversion here.
				support
online support center

free online training

documentation & help
what's new
check for new features now!





5,647,649users worldwide




customers say“our team began with a number of different xml platforms, but eventually converged on a single one: when so much depends on the strength of your xml tools, it's a cinch that you go with the best. thank you altova!”dr. michael arner cto, roam data, incaltova missionkit
award-winning suite of xml, json, sql, and uml tools at a special bundle price

						missionkit is a software development suite of tightly integrated xml, json, sql, and uml tools. it includes xmlspy, mapforce, stylevision, and other market-leading products for building today’s real-world software, data integration, and etl solutions.
					xmlspy
intelligent json and xml editor for modeling, editing, debugging, converting, and more

						xmlspy offers the world’s leading graphical schema designer, an ai assistant, a code generator, file converters, debuggers, profilers, full database integration, support for xml, json, yaml, xslt, xpath, xquery, wsdl, soap, xbrl, ooxml, avro, markdown, and more.
					mapforce
any-to-any data mapping, transformation, and integration tool

						mapforce is an ai-ready, any-to-any, graphical data mapping tool for data integration and etl. convert between xml, json, pdf, database, edi, xbrl, csv, excel, protobuf, and/or web services. transform data instantly and automate with mapforce server.
					stylevision
multi-channel stylesheet and report designer for xml, sql, and xbrl

						stylevision makes it easy to design reports and forms based on xml, database, and xbrl inputs. it makes the power of xslt available in an intuitive, visual design tool for simultaneous output in html, pdf, word, text, and other formats.
					umodel
flexible uml modeling tool for visual software design

						umodel allows you to visually design application models in uml and generate java, c++, c#, or visual basic .net code and project documentation. or, reverse engineer existing programs into uml software architecture diagrams, then fine tune your designs and complete the round trip by regenerating code. 
					databasespy
multi-database query and design tool with sql editor

						databasespy is a multi-database query, design and editing tool with a built-in sql ai assistant. it connects to all major databases for sql editing, database structure design, database content editing, and database schema and content comparison.
					diffdog
any-to-any data mapping, transformation, and integration tool

						diffdog is the only tool developers and it pros need for comparing files, directories, and databases. quickly compare source code files, word docs, or zip files. diffdog includes powerful xml-aware diff/merge tools. generate diff reports or automate comparisons with diffdog server.  
					schemaagent
visual tool for managing relationships among xml assets

					schemaagent is a visual tool for analyzing and managing relationships among xsds and related xml-based files. it provides an accurate view of the xml infrastructure, offering the insights necessary for efficient management, editing, and reuse of components in a productive, error-free manner.
					authentic
xml content authoring tool for business users

						authentic is an xml authoring and wysiwyg xml editing tool. authentic forms are designed in stylevision, and authentic ships with templates for popular industry-standard xml vocabularies like dita and docbook. all authentic assets can be packaged in portable xml forms for easy sharing. 
					mobiletogether
rapid app development for ios, android, windows, and more

						mobiletogether is a low-code app development framework that makes it easy to build native apps and enterprise solutions for all platforms. choose between low code app development or no-code, ai-powered database app creation. mobiletogether is powerful enough to build any data-centric app imaginable – in record time. 
					flowforce server
highly-customizable workflow engine for data integration and processing

						 flowforce server is a flexible, high-performance workflow automation tool for data processing, data transformation, and report generation. flowforce server automates execution of raptorxml server, mapforce server, and stylevision server with easy tools to manage jobs in a busy data processing environment.
					mapforce server
automation server for data mapping, integration, and etl projects 

					mapforce server is a high-performance data integration server that automates data transformation and etl projects designed in mapforce. mapforce server is highly scalable, does not require extra-cost "connectors," and is and available at a fraction of the price of other solutions.  
					stylevision server
multi-channel business report automation

						stylevison server automates report and documentation generation in web and print formats. it provides high-performance generation of attractive reports that render xml, database, and xbrl data based on designs created in stylevision. 
					diffdog server
automated, high-volume comparisons of files and directories

						altova diffdog server combines the file and directory comparison options of diffdog with the power of today's parallel computing environments to automate high volume comparisons and generate diff reports automatically. the software can compare source code, word docs, directories, csv, and databases.
					raptorxml server
lightning-fast validator and processor for xml, xbrl, json, & yaml

						 raptorxml server is altova's third-generation, hyper-fast xml, xbrl, json, and yaml validator and processor. raptorxml server is  optimized for the latest standards and parallel computing environments to deliver hyper-performance and includes powerful, flexible options for developers. 
					mobiletogether server
back-end hub for mobile apps and enterprise solutions

					mobiletogether server is the back-end for mobile apps built in mobiletogether designer. it acts as a gateway between mobile users and back-end data sources and infrastructure, providing high-performance data processing for apps, sophisticated cache control options, optional app security functionality.
					cbc reporting solution
easy-to-use solution for generating country by country reports

						the country by country reporting app is a secure, cloud-based app that allows filing organizations to easily generate valid cbc reports in xml - either by entering data in a friendly interface, or by uploading it using an excel template. this approach shields end users from the complexity of xml for error-free cbc report creation.
					eba xbrl add-in for excel
generate eba compliant xbrl directly in excel

						the altova european banking authority (eba) xbrl add-in for excel lets financial pros generate xbrl instances compliant with eba xbrl filing rules without ever leaving excel. an easy-to-use excel template guides users when entering report data, and the add-in exports eba xbrl reports for filing. 
					esef xbrl add-in for excel
generate esef xbrl reports directly in excel

						 the altova european single electronic format (esef) xbrl add-in for excel gives business users the ability to build valid esef xbrl reports compliant with esma filing rules - all directly in excel. users can even edit or create an esef extension taxonomy using easy visual tools. 
					eiopa xbrl add-in for excel
generate eiopa (solvency ii) xbrl reports in excel

					the altova eiopa (solvency ii) xbrl add-in for excel lets non-technical users create xbrl reports compliant with solvency ii filing requirements directly in excel, without being exposed to the underlying xbrl syntax.  an easy-to-use excel template guides users when entering report data, and the add-in exports eiopa xbrl reports for filing. 
					wip xbrl add-in for excel
generate wip xbrl reports directly in excel

						the altova work in process (wip) xbrl add-in for excel allows contractors to create wip reports in the required xbrl format - all inside excel. it's easy to enter report data into the wip excel template, and then the add-in generates a valid wip report in xbrl.  
					gdpr compliance database
solution to track information to further gdpr compliance

						the altova gdpr compliance database makes it easy to maintain an ongoing record of personal data stores to ensure that the processing of personal data is handled in line with the principles of the gdpr. 
					recordsmanager
no-code, ai-powered database app creator

						 altova recordsmanager offers a no-code, visual development process for creating custom database apps. for instant database creation with zero design required, choose the recordsmanager ai assistant to generate a fully-featured database based on natural language prompts. 
					contractmanager
cloud-based contract management app

					altova contractmanager is a secure, cloud-based contract management app that is both easy-to-use and highly customizable. affordable for companies of all types and sizes, contractmanager provides all the tools you need to efficiently manage contracts and deadlines. 
					





company
news
partners
careers
legal










language:
en
de
es
ja
fr









					use of this site is governed by our terms of use, privacy policy &
					cookie policy. copyright  2005-2025 altova. all rights reserved. patents pending.
				









