


cardiac self assessment - books and cd - invasive lab technician training - ep exam review


























cardiovascular review and ep exam review


		wes todd's study guides for cardiac board exams (read more…)




  

 
 

		cv review now on usb drive!


     our cv review usb version #9 is in a new format - html5, so it will run on any browser (microsoft edge, google chrome…). 
	 this 2021 usb has 56 chapters with interactive lectures and 3600 questions in the same format as the  rcis registry exam. 
	
	available in pc and mac (32 bit only) versions.
	

		new! cv review exam demo


	check out this demo of the usb flash drive.
	(this link opens in another tab/window)
	


		did you know:


interactive training products:



this interactive training plays directly from the usb. just click on the "todd's cv review 2021" startup file and it starts instantly.
its interactive learning methods complement our 5 review books making preparation for the rcis or ci exam  much more fun.
it even includes 7 educational cardiovascular games.




	some of what we offer…
	


 wes todd writes and publishes cardiovascular technology self study materials in 
  	books and on usb flash drive.
 up-to-date help for cardiology staff wanting to pass the national cardiovascular technologist exams
 resources for in-service educators includes hundreds of hemodynamic recordings.
 a cardiovascular orientation program (cvop) uses interactive training for in-house training.



 
 
 
 
 
wes todd's cardiovascular review was created with the hands-on and visual learner in mind. his background in teaching, graphic design, and writing will streamline your study and improve your retention in preparing for your cardiovascular board exams.

we specialize in training for invasive professionals in cath labs and ep labs. these materials may be used for invasive staff continuing education as well as for board exam preparation.


		fyi:

	

the new todd usb version 9 with the same 3500 questions mentioned above replaces all our previous usb invasive programs.it runs on both pc & mac computers. it has more invasive chapters and interactions for in-depth learning.

	
       we offer a discounted bundle of the five 6th edition books with our new version 9 usb for pc & mac computers for $495. this saves you $100 if you buy everything.
	
 
 



visit wes'srcis review blog
		


find the latest questions…



  what's inside the cd?

watch the videoto learn more


 
 
 
 




about cv books & usb flash drive •
buy cv books & usb flash drive

sample exams •
cardio field

comments •
news •
contact wes
links •
site map •
home









	 phone:   509.926.0344

	 e-mail: 

 info@westodd.com 



wes todd, bs, rcis.
	cardiac self assessment
	s. 1605 clinton rd.
	spokane valley, wa 99216-0420












	all original text and images
	copyright wes todd ©2025	 




		last updated january 2nd, 2023










 

home

contact
site map



cardio education

cardio field
cv orientation program

cv orient. pg. 2





books & usb drive

sample exams

invasive
science
id pressure (1)
id pressure (2)


cv exam review books/cd
cv orientation program

cv orient. pg. 2





video


about

about the cd/books
about wes



comments

cardio blog
invasive cv review classes



purchase

cv books/usb drive










