



home page
























 








last updated...




 
 

what is grid
partners
middleware - a movie
applications
training

 
 




 


/read more.../ 




 


 
 






 
http://www.the-treasures-at-tampines.com.sg

introduce 2019 new launch projects

the tre ver updates

the tre ver site was formerly known as raintree gardens. it was once a privatised housing & urban development co built in the 1980s to look after the welfare and demand of the middle-income singaporean. the tre ver formerly raintree gdns was successful for a collective sales at a selling price o at $334.2 mil(sgd) and this plot was bid for by no less than 5 developersin the year october 2016
 


piermont grand updates

announcement of piermont grand show flat opening on 12 july 2019. the land site for piermont grand is about 291,235 square feet and this punggol ec sits on the intersection of punggol reservoir and a close walk to sumang lrt station. 
 
 

royal square novena










royal square is an economic development group that helps in offering a fell service both as a real estate developer and also as a commercial developer. royal square is also a home for very many other existing commercial developments such as united square and also the square 2.

parc clematis forum

detailed parc clematis e-brochure on the 4 different style are available.

parc komo project

parc komo is built at the junction of jalan mariam and upper changi road north.  this district 17 location is a blessing to be near to the upcoming loyang mrt station along the cross island line.

avenue south residences location

avenue south residences is of the rare development in bukit merah estate.  this location is centrally located with immediate amenities of food centres.  upcoming cantonment mrt station is also close to avenue south residences.  reaching out to cdb (central business district) and mbfc (marina bay financial centre) is one mrt station away – raffles place & tanjong pagar.

parc esta showflat address

parc esta lies opposite to eunos mrt station and is strategically located to economic growth area such as paya lebar commercial centre, changi business park, raffles place and marina bay financial centre.

one pearl bank project details

one pearl bank capitaland is centrally located next to outram park mrt station that serves 3 mrt lines including the north-east line, the east-west line as well as the upcoming thomson-east coast line. also, for owners who are taking buses, there are several buses available along eu tong seng street and new bridge road. for owners who are traveling to the city, one pearl bank is located right next to central expressway (cte).
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
a fantastic and also special lifestyle awaits you










the wallich residences has about 181 apartments which overlook the city and surrounding sea from a height of about 180 meters to 290 meters above sea level, the highest for a residential building in the whole of singapore. apartments for rent include one bedroom, two bedrooms, three bedrooms, four bedrooms, four penthouses and a super penthouse. all these apartments offer an unobstructed view of the city and seaside.
 
ki residences can expect unblocked views of bukit timah nature reserve as the location is surrounded by landed enclave.  in addition, ki residences is near to bukit timah nature reserve, holland village, ngee ann polytechnic and national university of singapore.
 

the avenir location is close to the central business district and in prime district 9.  due to its good location, orchard road shopping belt and near to great world city therefore, the avenir has highly sought after. the highly-rated luxury development located within the highly coveted district 9 lifestyle enclave of orchard road. within 5 minutes walk to future great world mrt(te is targeting 2021)and fort canning mrt(dt20). the former pacific mansion site was one of the largest deals sold at $980 million.

 


dairy farm residences is built along dairy farm road.  many are puzzled on how does the road name come along since there are no farms in singapore?
back in the years 1930s, cold storage’s managing director began the world’s first dairy farm in a hot climate on the grounds of bukit timah road.  the aim of the farm was to cater pasteurised milk fresh from the farm to the local expatriates.  the brand is known as’ magnolia’.  there were a herd of around 800 cows back then and the location of farm was the bukit timah nature reserve now.
pullman residence is located at the central core region of singapore, the condo development is very unique and promising because it is surrounded by private residences, nature, and other conveniences. the exclusivity of pullman residences location is that it has a strong community of residents, while it also creates an exclusive residential vicinity with the property values that will rise in the future.



the condominium is built-in district 27 at canberra link. parc canberra site occupies an area of 18,040.6 sqm and has a total of 496 units from 2 to 5 bedroom type has efficiency layout is in mind of a developer and all master bedroom can accommodate a king bed. the parc canberra structure appearance is sleek and outstanding due to the use of curtain walls.
 

midwood is a new condo residential development at hillview rise. midwood is developed by valiant investments, a joint venture with hong realty and hong leong holdings. it is being established by one of the renowned real estate players in singapore.
this hillview condo site is obtained through public tender by (government land sales) gls. this place comes across a quiet and tranquil environment, because of nature views, parks, and reserves.


perfect ten condo is also well served by amenities and daily necessities that can be found in balmoral plaza which is 5 minutes walk away, or the novena precinct where united square and novena square is located.
there is another reason to celebrate perfect ten condo’s locale. being in the bukit timah neighborhood, it is well known to singaporean parents that a myriad of renowned schools are in the vicinity. this is also the very reason why bukit timah’s property has been popular among parents with young children. to name some of the school nearby: anglo chinese school, singapore chinese girls school and st joseph institution junior.

the ryse residences at pasir ris central is a highly anticipated new integrated mixed development at district 18 of singapore, located within the pasir ris estate. it consists of approximately 480 residential units found above a new commercial mall that connects to the mrt, upcoming cross rail line(crl), bus interchange, polyclinic, the existing whitesands mall and a communal town plaza. most of the units will be a north-south facing giving it the most breeze through the years with half of the development having a sea view. hence, staying in pasir ris central condo gives future residents the best of both world with excellent convenience as well as a resort lifestyle.

the atelier is an upcoming brand new freehold condo launch in newton located along makeway avenue off kampung java roundabout, which is formerly makeway view condominium and sold to bukit sembawang estates. it can potentially yield about 120-units of 23-storey high tower which comprises of 1-4 bedrooms layout that can cater to investors or home-buyers.
with its strategic location, units located on a higher floor will likely get to enjoy great concourse skyline view overlooking into the city or lush greenery view.
residents can easily access the newton mrt station on the north-south line and downtown line which is less than 350m away from the atelier and reduce their travelling time to other parts of singapore.

pasir ris 8 is a brand new mixed commercial and residential development by allgreen properties and kerry properties. the residences next to pasir ris mrt station must be integrated with a bus interchange, a polyclinic, a town plaza, and can yield up to 600 private homes. the maximum permissible gross floor area is 95,010 sqm, with a proposed gross plot ratio of 2.5.
 










