









alaska seafood | all wild, all alaskan seafood market - 


























































0 items(s) $0.00 subtotal - checkout
view










advanced search







searching... please wait.















seafood deals

alaskan king crab legs

golden king crab legs

wild salmon

alaskan halibut

smoked salmon

alaska seafood gift packs

snow crab legs

black cod & white fish

shrimp & scallops

gift boxes - non perishable

gift certificates

fish & seafood spices




videos
alaska seafood home


sport fish processing
captain jacks seafood locker provides the finest sport fish processing services in alaska. we take the hassle out of dealing with your catch so you can relive the memory of your alaska fishing trip with every tasty bite.
learn more



alaska fishing charters
captain jack's is located on the docks in seward, alaska. having a first-hand look at each catch, we know which seward fishing charters routinely find the fish. we can point you in the right direction to tip the scales in your favor.

learn more



featured recipe
 view all recipes



share your recipe
share your favorite seafood recipes with us and earn 500 jackpot reward points for each one!




our fish fly first class
captain jack's seafood locker ships your freshly-frozen alaska seafood via ups overnight delivery, directly from our freezer to your front door. this ensures that when you order alaskan seafood from captain jack's it arrives in perfect condition on the day you choose.
shipping info







pardon our website, we are currently working on updates! captain jack's is currently shipping with ups to get your product to you in the best condition, the fastest way possible.  for any questions on shipping, please call 907-224-8082.



























wild alaskan seafood









black cod








3lb package - gulf of alaska black cod (sablefish) fillet  - shipping included!
harvested fresh from the icy depths of the gulf of alaska, black cod is a succulent white-fish with loads of flavor. black cod, also known as sablefish or butterfish, has been increasingly popularized by renowned chefs for its versatility in the kitchen and its flaky, silky-textured flesh. the moist, white fish is loaded with omega-3 oils and can be baked, broiled, poached, or grilled to prepare a savory fish-lovers meal.for years most of the alaskan catch of black cod was exported to japan. recently however, domestic seafood connoisseurs have begun to demand that more of the catch be distributed locally. at our dockside processing facility fresh sablefish is quickly hand filleted and portioned in pieces ranging between 3/4 to 1 pound, vacuum packaged, and blast frozen to lock in the pristine flavor and texture of this unique fish.


			price $136.85
			






 











alaskan scallops








weathervane scallops - 1 pound package (10-20 size)  
captain jack's alaskan scallops are "dry-pack" scallops that have not been treated with phosphates. vacuum packaged and frozen in 1 pound portions. buy alaskan scallops by the package or as part of one of our great online seafood gift packs!


			price $49.99
			






 











golden king crab







golden king crab pieces - 3lb. package - overnight shipping included!  
we've boxed up 3 lbs. of our succulent golden king crab pieces! we receive a small amount of golden crab that is broken in transit. we package them up and pass the savings on to you! packed in smaller, easy to handle pieces perfect for those delicious meals when you'll want to shell it anyway! packages contain a mix of knuckle sections, and broken leg & claw pieces. this package is perfect for appetizers, chowders and small but special meals.   overnight priority shipping included! additional fees for hawaii locations.


			price $154.85
			






 










wild halibut  & sockeye salmon







red & white - 2 lbs. halibut, 2 lbs. sockeye salmon, w/signature spice. 
captain jack's red & white package is a great sampler of two alaskan seafood favorites. this package is sure to be a hit with anyone who appreciates fresh alaskan fish. tender snow-white halibut fillets and  wild salmon from alaska - there's no better way to savor the flavor of gourmet alaska seafood! package includes: 2 lbs. of wild sockeye salmon fillets,  2 lbs. of halibut fillets, 1 captain jack's signature seafood spice.  this package is a combination of body and tail portions. priority delivery included. additional delivery charges for hawaii locations.


			price $174.99
			






 










halibut fillets








halibut fillets - 5lb halibut pack - overnight shipping included! 
our deck-load halibut package features 5lbsof our succulent gulf of alaska halibut fillets packaged, boxed, and shipped directly from our freezers to your door. we buy ideally sized wild halibut in the 20 - 40 pound range, the size known to produce the perfect sized fillet while maintaining pristine texture, moisture, and flavor. captain jack's halibut package will be a combination of body and tail portions. overnight delivery included - additional charges for hawaii delivery.


			price $229.95
			






 











alaskan king crab legs








alaskan red king crab legs - 10 lb. crab feast - free overnight shipping! 
fill your freezer with 10 lbs. of this tasty alaskan treat. these beautiful legs & claws weigh in around 1/2 to 2/3 lb. each! like all of our seafood products these red king crab are sustainably harvested by alaskan fishermen here in alaska. support local fishermen and enjoy the finest king crab delivered right to your door! overnight priority delivery included. additional charge for delivery to hawaii locations.


			price $749.99
			






 









more featured products >>






            your item(s) were added
            
cart contains 0 item(s) | subtotal: $0.00
    	 







never miss a catch
receive special promotions and updates in your inbox















seafood specials



















"amazing seafood.  i have ordered here for many years.  their alaskan king crab legs are amazing.  love the halibut and wild alaskan salmon too.  great company."



captain jack's seafood locker


by greg w. nov 15, 2018
 - customer review on google my business











welcome to captain jack's online alaska seafood market. we deliver gourmet fresh-frozen alaskan seafood and fish right to your door.
captain jack's seafood locker is located on the docks in seward, alaska. our alaskan seafood market works with select local fishermen to buy seafood like alaskan king crab, fresh halibut, and wild salmon that is the highest-quality, fresh seafood from alaska. our alaskan seafood is always wild-caught from sustainable fisheries, hand-trimmed, and packaged with care to arrive to you in perfect condition.
captain jack's seafood locker
			303 south harbor street
			p.o. box 693
			seward, alaska 99664-0693
toll free: 1-877-323-6638


			telephone:  (907) 224-8082
e-mail us
join us at facebook!



alaska seafood
sitemap
myaccount
shopping cart
recipes
halibut recipes
salmon recipes
king crab recipes
scallop recipes
shrimp recipes
black cod recipes
sportfish processing
processing rates
seward alaska fishing
seward salmon fishing 

seward halibut fishing




shop our products
alaskan king crab legs
wild salmon
alaskan halibut
shrimp & scallops
smoked salmon
snow crab legs
product search


additional information
king salmon
alaskan king crab fishing
king crab
fresh alaskan halibut
fresh seafood vs. frozen seafood
seafood nutrition info
wild salmon vs farmed salmon
black cod - sablefish
sockeye salmon




some of the images and recipes in our web site are courtesy of the alaska seafood marketing institute.  










copyright ©2025  captain jack's seafood locker, zernia enterprises inc.   all rights reserved.  privacy policy.  terms and conditions.
site by greybeard design group























