





bay area jump - bounce house rentals and slides for parties in antioch















bay area jump


















































































































voted best in the bay area!
















online reservations or check availability




call: 800.514.5867



about


faqs


contact

































toggle navigation







home

inflatables 

standard jumps
standard modular jumps
character modular jumps
character themed jumps
toddler inflatables
small combos
large combos
very large inflatables
obstacle courses
dry slides



water fun 

water units
wet combo bouncers
dunk tank
ez dunker



interactive games 

interactives
trackless trains
carnival games
sports games



party extras 

party equipment
tents tables & chairs
entertainers
generators



concessions 

concession machines
extra supplies


holiday inflatables













specials


package deals


video gallery


delivery areas


weather


faqs


my cart  


























































welcome to bayareajump.com
we are dedicated to provide a top quality, clean, and safe jumping environment. we have built our family owned company on superior customer service and keeping all of our equipment in tip-top condition. clean units, friendly and reliable drivers, and a great price is all you need for your next birthday party, company picnic, church function, or any special event. order online or call our office if you want book with us or just to ask more questions, (800) 514-5867 we are open 7 days a week from 8:00am to 5:00pm






rain policy: in the event of rain bay area jumps policy is that a customer can cancel the delivery with no charge. (deposits and payments are held for one year and can be used on future rentals. no refund of payments or deposits) if the customer elects to accept the unit(s) they understand that there is no refund . if it does rain the units are still usable. bay area jump recommends, that in light rain or showers that most of our units are covered and it's fine for kids to jump. if the rain becomes heavy, have the kids exit the unit and go inside and wait for the rain to quit. the units will accumulate water (it will bubble at the seams, this is normal) so have an adult or teen go inside the unit with a towel and dry out the unit and its ready for use again. please leave units inflated until the driver arrives to pick up.

very large inflatables
at bay area jump we are your large event specialists and we have the bay's best inventory of supersized inflatables perfect festivals and large promotional events. click the link below to see what bayareajump.com can do!
get details now

character themed jumps
bayareajump.com has over 500 units to choose from, like our awesome line of character themed jumper rentals. invite all your favorite cartoon and movie chartacters to your party. all are licensed art and ready to party!
get details now









see what's new for 2024



multi-player basketball


carnival game booth


carnival kiddy playland


barn bounce


farm house combo


football field goal


grand carnival booth


panda slide


green slip & slide


3 in 1 sports game


tractor combo


toddler train


t-rex combo


carnival amusement combo










explore bay area jump

water slide fun
we're all about water slide fun at bay area jump! here you'll find a great assortment of water fun rentals, from the tallest water slides, to dunk tanks, slip & slides and water games. get your suit and come on in, the water's fine.
read more

concession machines
top off your event with concession machines and you will be the "party hero". at bay area jump we have a great selection of "fun food" machines that are easy to operate and guaranteed to be a big hit. popcorn, cotton candy, and more!
read more

tents tables & chairs
enjoy your celebration under one of our classic styled tents, or pump up your carnival space with our popup carnival booths. here you'll find tent lighting, kids tables and chairs, along with everything you need for a great outdoor space.
read more




entertainers
bring on the awesome at your event with bay area jump entertainment. face painting, balloon twisting, glimmer body art, and the all new metallic jewelry tattoos. we can provide staff for your attractions and bring our awesome artists.
read more

rock climbing wall
our mobile rock climbing walls are a guarnteed "attention-getter". this popular climb attraction has all the latest safety features like the multi-path autobelay system that gently lowers climber back to ground after the climb to the top.
read more

trackless train
all aboard the bay area express trackless train! this charming locomotive is great for school carnivals or church festivals. the possibilities are endless. the train shows up at the station on time, with it's own engineer and conductor.
read more




interactive games
let the games begin! choose from dozens of fun, action packed, interactive games from the bay area's leader in big fun. bayareajump.com has the games you want to bring your guests together in the spirit of fun and friendly competition.
read more

large combo bouncers
you won't find a better selection of combo bouncers anywhere in the bay area. these large combo rental are packed with exciting features like climb & slides, basketball hoops, and popup obstacles. 1st class centerpiece attractions.
read more

toddler inflatables
here you'll find a great selection of inflatables that are specifically designed your smallest of your guests. these charming playlands have toddler size play elements and safety features parents will love!
read more

some of the areas we offer jumper rentals in include: concord | san leandro | lafayette | san francisco | pleasanton | walnut creek | hayward | fremont | san jose | oakland










some of our valued clients

































































bay area party & event rentals
phone: 800.514.5867
e-mail: bayareajump88@yahoo.com


customer service





delivery area


faqs


privacy policy






corporate services


festivals


schools & churches














©
               bay area jump, llc. all rights reserved.


web design by spider web development



powered by event rental systems















































