










delivering uk supercomputing and data science excellence to the world | epcc





      skip to main content
    




home



main navigation


hpc services


research


education & training


industry solutions


training courses


what's happening


about us


contact us







search













delivering uk supercomputing and data science excellence to the world


epcc, part of the university of edinburgh, is the uk's leading centre of supercomputing and data science expertise.





new stories
the latest updates from epcc






scholarships available for epcc msc in hpc programmes


14 february 2025

we are offering scholarships to support students of our on-campus and online msc programmes.


view more








archer2 computational training for researchers 


13 february 2025

epcc's evgenij belikov writes about the two-day course for researchers he recently delivered at cardiff university using materials developed by the carpentries.


view more








vacancy: director of hpc services


7 february 2025

an opportunity to join epcc, a critical enabler of high-performance computing (hpc), artificial intelligence (ai) and data science services provision in the uk.

view more








laminar: bridging serverless computing and ai-driven code exploration


4 february 2025

epcc chancellor's fellow rosa filgueira writes about her recent research into how laminar can support domain scientists and researchers in using advanced computational tools effortlessly. 

view more








introducing our new system administration interns and graduate apprentices 


30 january 2025

at epcc we are committed to promoting and growing the skills required to develop and operate complex supercomputing and data science systems, and to help people find their way into careers in high 

view more








archer2 celebration of science 2025


27 january 2025

following the success of last year's event, we are pleased to announce the 2025 archer2 celebration of science will take place from 14th–15th may 2025 in edinburgh.


view more








failure modes of engineering: a network for future inclusivity, sustainability and global impact


24 january 2025

epcc is part of a new engineering network that will create more inclusive, sustainable, and impactful solutions to the challenges facing our planet.


view more








ai software tool aims to use high street eye tests to spot dementia risk 


21 january 2025

data scientists and clinical researchers are working with high street opticians for the first time to develop a digital tool that can predict a person’s risk of dementia from a routine eye test.

view more








get the best out of archer2 with this hpe training course 


17 january 2025

join us for our  "using archer2 efficiently" course, a comprehensive three-day workshop designed to provide you with the knowledge and skills to optimise your applications for archer2. 


view more








exploring the co-benefits of a low-carbon future: reducing pm2.5 and ozone in europe


15 january 2025

a new research paper, “the co-benefits of a low-carbon future for pm2.5 and o3 air pollution in europe” by connor j.

view more








exageo phd programme: advancing environmental science with exascale computing


14 january 2025

by equipping researchers with cutting-edge computational skills, the exageo phd programme will advance scientific understanding and provide innovative solutions to global environmental issues.


view more







featured content
find out more about key areas of epcc's work






research themes


we conduct research at the leading edge of high performance computing and data science.


view more








archer2


archer2 serves as the uk’s national high performance computing system and facilitates world-class science for uk researchers.


view more








masters' programmes


epcc offers a suite of two linked masters' programmes.

view more








phd study


epcc offers a unique setting for in-depth research and excellent connections into industry to provide further opportunities for our students and graduates.

view more








advanced computing facility


the advanced computing facility is the high performance computing data centre of epcc.


view more








on-demand hpc service


direct, secure access to epcc’s high performance computing platforms delivering the highest levels of performance.


view more




































subscribe to our newsletter


email address







leave this field blank







epcc on linkedin



epcc on instagram



epcc on twitter





            epcc
            bayes centre, 47 potterrow
            edinburgh
            eh8 9bt
          
+44 (0) 131 650 5030
info@epcc.ed.ac.uk



contact us


privacy policy


accessibility policy





            copyright © the university of edinburgh 2025
            the university of edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in scotland, with registration number sc005336
          
site by primate and makkaru












