
















english language learning | edusoft - a subsidiary of ets




























































 




























x














 









first name:
last name:
email:
sales inquirydistributor inquiryproduct infoothertype of inquiry:
name of company:please leave this field empty.
phone:
country:
message...




sign me up for the newsletter!


thank you!your email was sent.

 








 english
español
















toggle navigation





























 en
es




home
learning solutions 

higher education
government projects
schools
corporate


english discoveries excellence
success stories
latest news
ed community
about us 

careers


contact
 








































english discoveries
the complete english language learning solutionsee how it can work for you!






our solution


















































interactive learning
english discoveries’  learning platform provides students and teachers with an engaging and effective english language learning experience.

















assessments & certification
innovative assessment tools make it simple for educators to evaluate and certify student success.


































management systems
english discoveries’ intelligence management and monitoring tools help educators track learning outcomes.



















classroom materials
a full range of printed materials enable teachers to extend online learning into the classroom.















teacher training
teacher training prepares educators with tools to successfully implement the english discoveries solution within a variety of implementation models.




























implementation & support services
no two projects are the same. we offer ongoing support throughout the duration of every project to ensure success.







to learn more about english discoveries solution
click here! 









english discoveries
learning solutions




higher education
designed for universities and colleges with millions of students worldwide, english discoveries is an end-to-end learning solution for both distance and blended learning models. english discoveries’ interactive learning platform provides an effective and engaging learning experience.







government projects
english language fluency is integral to success in today’s competitive global economy. for over 25 years, we have developed and implemented effective, large-scale solutions for national ministries of education, state and regional ministries, and local boards of education worldwide.







schools
english discoveries’ complete learning solution provides the tools necessary for secondary and high schools to reach their learning goals. our cefr-aligned courses can be easily integrated into a school or national curriculum.







corporate
english discoveries’ real-world content, coupled with its intelligent management and monitoring tools, allow you to ensure learning effectiveness and achieve the outcomes needed to improve your workforce—and your bottom line.













latest news


edusoft excellence 2024: advancing education through collaboration in princetonnovember 21st, 2024we are thrilled to announce the success of the edusoft excellence 2024 conference, held at the prestigious ets campus in princeton, nj. this two-day event brought together leaders from institutions across latin america, sparking engaging discussions and fostering meaningful connections aimed at advancing english language education.
edusoft engages educators at mextesol convention in monterreynovember 4th, 2024edusoft recently took part in the highly anticipated mextesol convention in monterrey, nuevo león, mexico, an event organized by the mexican association of teachers of english, a.c. (mextesol). dedicated to advancing english language teaching in mexico, mextesol plays a key role in developing educational standards and promoting the professional growth of english teachers across the nation.
edusoft attends abla regional event at central cultural costarricense north americana (cccn)october 9th, 2024edusoft recently attended the abla regional event held at the central cultural costarricense north americana (cccn), joining leaders from across the region for three days of insightful talks, workshops, and presentations. the event gathered 36 attendees representing centro cultural north american binational institutions from central america and the caribbean.
toefl day event empowers schools for toefl successseptember 4th, 2024the recent toefl day event brought together educators, students, and ets representatives to enhance strategies for effective toefl exam preparation using the elc solution. held across different schools, the event aimed to foster collaboration between ets and educational institutions to address toefl preparation challenges and maximize the potential of the elc solution.
universidad señor de sipan’s international week of languages online eventjuly 29th, 2024universidad señor de sipan, one of our esteemed clients, successfully held an online event as part of their “international week of languages” initiative. the event, aimed at raising awareness of the importance of learning english, attracted 208 participants, including students and teachers from the institution. university authorities oliver vasquez, the business center director, and diana acuña, the language center director, were also in attendance.
edusoft celebrates successful participation at tesol colombia 2024may 23rd, 2024edusoft recently participated in the tesol colombia 2024, one of the most innovative english language teaching (elt) events in latin america. this year’s theme, “building the elt ecosystem together,” brought together a diverse array of stakeholders, including in-service and in-training teachers, educational institutions, researchers, academic authorities, and more. the event featured boot camps, professional development micro-courses, tesol colombia awards, international conferences, and a technology hub.
breaking language barriers: edusoft and etech team up with universidad del istmo to open global career pathsapril 10th, 2024edusoft and its distributor etech in panama recently expanded educational horizons with a noteworthy event held on march 21st at the prestigious universidad del istmo in panama city. this collaborative effort, organized in partnership with udi’s english department under the leadership of director lilybeth romero, emphasized the theme “exploring global career paths.”
edusoft reinforces the partnership with bolivian catholic university’s innovative english programmarch 14th, 2024february 29th and march 1st, edusoft’ s commitment to advancing language learning was evident during a successful visit to the bolivian catholic university in la paz, a long-standing partner since 2017.
 
edusoft provides comprehensive professional development training in chile for strategic long term partnersfebruary 5th, 2024edusoft, a leader in english language learning solutions, has recently completed a series of successful professional development trainings across some of chile’s most prestigious universities and the elite police force, pdi. this initiative has remarkably trained over 100 teachers from universidad andrés bello (unab), universidad viña del mar (uvm), and universidad de las américas (udla), alongside top teaching staff from the pdi.
introducing ed excellence: a new generation of integrated learning and assessment solutionsjune 5th, 2023we were thrilled to announce the successful launch of ed excellence, edusoft’s integrated learning and assessment solution, at a remarkable event held recently in santiago, chile. the occasion was graced by the presence of distinguished representatives from major universities, including unab, aeip, udla, uvm, and many more.
during the event, we unveiled this comprehensive solution that promises to revolutionize the way we learn and assess knowledge.
edusoft’s end of year summary and looking ahead to 2023january 26th, 2023as we enter into the new year at edusoft, we celebrate the closing of another year of innovation, growth and change. 2023 is set to be a year of new beginnings for edusoft. first and foremost, this year begins with a change of leadership at edusoft. uri heiman who previously led edusoft’s sales team and in the last two years served as edusoft’s coo, has been appointed as edusoft’s president and ceo to replace rafi moran, who retired after his over 20 years at edusoft.
edusoft completes the production of 30 new language learning videosnovember 30th, 2022edusoft recently completed the filming of 30 new state-of-the art videos for its new beginners course. filming took place with a professional film production company based in europe, and actors were flown in from the uk and america. edusoft’s content team was onsite to oversee the production and to ensure pedagogical standards were met.
edusoft partners with udla to enrich the professional development of studentsoctober 20th, 2022edusoft recently partnered with the english institute of the university of the americas (udla), in order to support students and graduates in the preparation for the toeic® bridge exam. udla has over 24,000 students that are spread out over 7 campuses throughout chile. udla together with edusoft provides english language learning to over 8,000 students per year.
edusoft’s launches customer success departmentjuly 10th, 2022we are excited to announce that edusoft has recently created a customer success department. customer success is a long-term, data driven and professionally directed strategy for maximizing customers sustainable proven value.  this new department will be proactive, data-driven, and client-oriented. our customer success approach is centered around creating a customer journey for each of our partners.
edusoft develops professional development package for successful learning during covid-19august 23rd, 2020in response to the ongoing shift to remote education, edusoft has created a professional development package to help support institutions and teachers ensure successful learning outcomes during a time of change and uncertainty. teachers are provided with the opportunity to expand their professional capabilities by learning new tools and methodologies.
600 unoi teachers in mexico completed a teacher training course using edusoft’s platformapril 29th, 2019unoi, a subsidiary of santillana, who provides learning solutions to schools throughout latin america, partnered with edusoft to train their teachers on the latest developments in english teaching practices. edusoft created webinars for the 600 unoi teachers based on edusoft’s pedagogical learning methodology.
colegio javier, in partnership with edusoft, completed a six-month teacher’s professional development coursemarch 19th, 2019colegio javier, one of the leading high schools in panama and who have been working together with edusoft for over 12 years, recently completed a customized six-month professional development course that focused on 21st century teaching methods and english proficiency. this month saw the culmination of the course, concluding with an exciting certification ceremony for all the teachers and the principal of the school.
laureate languages and edusoft gave a joint presentation at world call conference in chiledecember 30th, 2018edusoft’s director of pedagogy, tania davidson together with laureate languages gave a presentation on models and guidelines for effective distance learning during the 2018 worldcall conference held last month in chile.  worldcall is the worldwide professional association for teachers and educators interested in computer assisted language learning (call).
edusoft participates in conference organized by the educate bilingual programnovember 7th, 2018edusoft’s director of pedagogical implementation, dr. danny glick, who has a phd learning technologies, was recently invited as a keynote speaker at a conference organized by the educate bilingual education program in brazil. educate bilingual program is a new bilingual program in english that was created by the richmond santillana brand. the program provides a comprehensive and innovative educational approach that is committed to empowering its students to be global citizens.
leading peruvian university selects edusoft for large-scale distance learning projectapril 25th, 2018last month saw the successful completion of the first in a series of pedagogical trainings for the peruvian university of applied sciences (upc). upc is one of the leading universities in peru, and is one of the largest universities in the laureate network. edusoft ltd. sent one of their expert pedagogical trainers to upc to train all 85 english teachers and english coordinators.
introducing the english discoveries pedagogical rationaleoctober 23rd, 2017over the past two years, edusoft has been hard at work updating the english discoveries platform and content. this initiative began with the complete overhaul of the user experience and has continued with this years’ addition of two new units to courses basic 1 through advanced 3.
edusoft signs deal with laureate international universitiesoctober 16th, 2017edusoft recently signed a deal with laureate international universities. laureate is the largest network of degree-granting higher education institutions with nearly 70 campus-based and online universities in 25 countries worldwide. laureate offers undergraduate and graduate degree programs to over one million students worldwide.










join our community
sign up here to get the latest updates delivered directly to your inbox.



leave this field empty if you're human:  







our solutions




higher education







government projects







schools







corporate






call us 1-201-877-1020



contact us

 











first name:
last name:
email:
sales inquirydistributor inquiryproduct infoothertype of inquiry:
name of company:please leave this field empty.


phone:
country:
message...




sign me up for the newsletter!



thank you!your email was sent.


 

follow us
edusoft linkedin
edusoft facebook
edusoft instagram









terms and conditions


privacy policy


accessibility


blog

back to top


copyright © 1990-2023 edusoft ltd. all rights reserved.




 
 












skip to content



open toolbar

 




accessibility tools



increase text 



decrease text 



grayscale 



high contrast 



negative contrast 



light background 



links underline 



readable font 




reset








