



abuse.net: home page




 








contact lookup: 



 


 




resources

 

developers

 

managers

 

users


 







      for users
    



	abuse.net is not a spam reporting service or feedback loop.
	but if you can identify the origin of an unwanted message,
	abuse.net can help you get your complaint to the right place.

use our web look-up page to find the contact addresses for a domain
so you can send an abuse report there.
        
more info 
          











      for mail and system managers
    



if you run a mail system, either for your own users or for
clients, 
you are welcome to contribute contact information for the contact
database.

if you've researched the contact info for a domain for which we
have no or outdated information,
you're welcome to submit that, too.
	
more info 

          











      for developers
    




	if you develop software or run a web site that reports spam or
	other abuse, learn how you can use the abuse.net database, and
	what the simple rules are that you must follow.
	
more info 
        


about the abuse.net database 
        











      resources for abuse.net users
    



	web sites, software, books, and other resources for
	dealing with spam and other network abuse.
	
	what is abuse.net? who pays for it?
	        
more info 
          


supporting abuse.net 
          










© 2008-2018 network abuse clearinghouse. updated october 21, 2018.

 
 






can spam address harvesting notice: the operator of this website
and its associated data base will not give, sell, or
otherwise transfer addresses maintained by this website
to any other party for the purposes of initiating, or enabling
others to initiate, electronic mail messages.


dmca notice information available at https://www.iecc.com/copyright.html

if you have questions about the contents of this web site, contact webmaster@abuse.net.
it is not an address for spam or abuse complaints.
read the rest of this page to find out how to report spam or abuse.



abuse.net, c/o i.e.c.c., po box 727, trumansburg, n.y. 14886

the abuse.net root certificate.





