







just the facts on the world's religions.








 







        religionfacts
    




religion






            
            religions ▼
        






                        baha'i
                    




                        buddhism
                    




                        christianity
                    




                        hinduism
                    




                        islam
                    




                        judaism
                    




                        shinto
                    




                        sikhism
                    




                        taoism
                    




                        zoroastrianism
                    



 list all religions
                



 compare religions
                











            
            charts ▼
        






                        big religion chart
                    




                        christianity/islam/judaism
                    




                        mahayana/theravada buddhism
                    




                        shi'a/sunni islam
                    



 all comparison charts
                







glossary













    just the facts on the world's religions.
    

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




religion, or at least religious inquiry, is something that nearly all humans share in common. in all corners of the world and in all eras of history, people have wondered about the meaning of life, how to make the best of it, what happens after we die, and if there is anyone or anything "out there."
the goal of this website is to provide free, reliable information — "just the facts" — on the various answers that have been given to these questions, as well as the rituals and customs that may go along with them. this very broad goal means that we cover a wide variety of religions, belief systems, and world views. the grounds for a group's inclusion on religionfacts are only that it offers an explanation of ultimate reality or the purpose of life and has (or had) a significant number of followers.
religionfacts does not promote any religion or belief system nor even a particular view of religion. our only value statements are these: (1) religion is interesting; (2) knowledge is good. these two opinions led to the creation of religionfacts in 2004. other than that, we aim to keep our opinions to ourselves and give you the facts in the most unbiased and objective manner possible.
not sure where to start? try our famous big religion chart, check out some definitions of religion, or view our full index of religions and belief systems.










© 2004-2025 religionfacts. all rights reserved.
religionfacts provides free, objective information on religion, world religions, comparative religion, and religious topics.
we are not associated with any religion or organization.

definitions of religion ·
        list of religions ·
        religion comparison chart


about us ·
        privacy policy









