
















ironwood capital | avon, ct
























about
team
strategy
portfolio
esg
news
investor login













tailored junior capital solutions for the lower middle market
ironwood leverages its twenty-year track record and breadth of industry experience to provide flexible junior capital solutions to support buyouts, recapitalizations and growth financings.










tailored junior capital solutions for the lower middle market
ironwood leverages its twenty-year track record and breadth of industry experience to provide flexible junior capital solutions to support buyouts, recapitalizations and growth financings.










tailored junior capital solutions for the lower middle market
ironwood leverages its twenty-year track record and breadth of industry experience to provide flexible junior capital solutions to support buyouts, recapitalizations and growth financings.










tailored junior capital solutions for the lower middle market
ironwood leverages its twenty-year track record and breadth of industry experience to provide flexible junior capital solutions to support buyouts, recapitalizations and growth financings.










tailored junior capital solutions for the lower middle market
ironwood leverages its twenty-year track record and breadth of industry experience to provide flexible junior capital solutions to support buyouts, recapitalizations and growth financings.












$1b +
 invested




100+
 companies invested




$516m
 icp v




$20 - 250m +
 revenues




$4 - 25m +
 ebitda




$10 - 50m
 investment amount











why partner with ironwood
these five pillars differentiate ironwood from other junior capital providers



our strategy 





 longevity


we bring 20+ years of middle market investing experience to every transaction.




 flexibility


we provide junior debt and meaningful equity co-investment, tailored to meet the needs of our partners.




 relationships


we leverage family office, senior debt and other minority equity relationships to deliver a comprehensive senior and junior capital solution.




 commitment


we’ve built a reputation of being a strong partner, in good times and bad.




 efficiency


we do what we say will do and work expeditiously toward a timely closing.










our investment partners benefit from the diverse set of transactional and operational experience of our professionals
learn more about our team  




ironwood fosters a culture of collaboration, communication and inclusion, the success of which can be measured by our growth and the tenure of our team.
carolyn  galiette   partner, chairman, cio
















chairman emeritus
marc  reich









partner
alex  levental









partner
jim  barra









partner, cfo, cco
zach  luce, cfa, cpa















partner
paul  witinski









vp, operations, compliance & investor relations
kimberly  craig









director
zachary  leach









controller
sandra  samuels















associate
tyler  klenk









associate
patrick  patrell









associate
jacqueline  jutras









fund accountant 
paulina  grabarczyk















analyst
cade  nagahama









analyst
sarah  faulkner









analyst
erik  cabrera









analyst
erica  lee


















































































































































































































































































































ironwood has partnered with over 100 lower middle market companies, providing flexible capital and thoughtful advice to drive growth
view portfolio companies 




































our offices
avon
45 nod road, suite 2

                                      avon,  ct  06001
                                
boston
21 custom house street, suite 710

                                      boston,  ma   02110
                                

                                © ironwood capital 2025
                            



phone
 (860) 409-2100
investment advisor disclosure




investor login
site by cleverdesign




















