




free magic tricks - easy card tricks and magic for beginners



























goodtricks.net




floating street performer

latest tricks

card tricks
coin tricks with a twist
street magic
levitation tricks
bar tricks with a twist
lucky dip tricks
optical illusions


 david copperfield saw 


menu 













click here to access every trick on this website free for 7 days !!


magic tricks and magician secrets revealed all for free !! 

click here to access every trick on this website free for 7 days !!  





 





 





learn with goodtricks
easy tricks you can learn








card tricks
coin tricks
street magic
bar tricks







 

card tricks
a pack of cards is probably the most valuable tool included in any magician's  favorite props. an almost unlimited source of entertainment and fun can be had with this very useful and versatile tool. 
                          
                          you will find many thrilling self working magic tricks for free revealed here such as jesse james last poker hand. and then, amaze everyone with  some other card sleights and reputation makers.it is very important to take some time and practice the essential basics such as the double lift as these will be used time and time again when you present your thrilling show. as a matter of fact, i would stick my neck out and say that the double lift is probably the most useful and widely used basic card trick move of them all.
easy to learn
super impressive

learn card tricks 






 

coin tricks
coins are one of the easiest kind of items to get your hands on in most places.
   it's amazing to see the amount of fun and amazement that can be created with such taken for granted items.  
                            one of the best and simplest sleights for beginners to learn is the elbow coin vanish

learn coin tricks 





  

street magic
don't invest your hard earned cash in expensive gimmicks when you can create some spectacular performances at no cost to yourself or at least, very economically.

                            an interesting well practiced routine presented with a smile and some personality is priceless and can really enhance your conjuring act.
                            one trick entitled 673 king street by australian magician james galea is a typical good example of this type of magic and is worth looking out for while you are browsing.
                            
                            
an excellent example of this type of routine is anti gravity water illusion.
learn how to deal with hecklers in a professional manner.

explore street magic 






 

bar tricks
can't decide which category of magic to practice ? no problem.

                            
                            this intriguing chapter introduces the pick of the bunch in cool magic bar tricks and pranks.
                          
a good trick to increase tips could be the jumping matchstick trick or the  how to open a soda can with a sharpie pen trick
easy to learn
super impressive

learn bar tricks 











 





welcome to goodtricks
 easy magic  tricks




           goodtricks is designed as an aid to learning simple magic tricks, fast.  you will find lots of complimentary easy magic tricks for beginners to learn and master at your own speed.

            hypnosis and mind reading made easy. from houdini style escape tricks to thrilling grand stage spectacular shows by the likes of great stage magicians such as david copperfield and right to the more intimate style of close up magic. this fascinating subject is a great source of high caliber entertainment to give.
enjoy this cool site and have lots of fun with your complimentary magic tricks and pranks. 









 


why learn with goodtricks
there are many cool magic trick sites and videos available online that are all competing for your attention. the problem here is that the amount of choice is overwhelming. sorting out the good from the bad can be a long laborious task and can require a significant amount of time invested before you realize that the giveaway tricks are more difficult to master than you thought or that they are not explained clearly.
magic is an incredibly rewarding form of entertainment and art. whether practicing how to do manual or self working magic and sleight of hand as a hobby to entertain family and friends or to jump on board and  take it to a professional level ? the choice is entirely up to you.

lets get started with some coin tricks 









 what we  provide




            all we are trying to provide at goodtricks.net is a hand picked selection of relatively easy tricks and illusions to do with a high entertainment value. they are explained in an easy to learn manner and will hopefully provide you with a kick start into this bonzer  and incredibly rewarding hobby.

            probably the most popular magician category is tricks with playing cards. while there are many diverse areas of this field, the best card magician tricks tend to be appealing and a firm favorite with audiences.

            
there is a fine selection of these pick of the bunch magical gems demonstrated and explained step by step in this web site. as mentioned many times in the site, an invaluable resource for revision is the royal road to card magic by jean hugard and frederick braue.

            this is available in both paperback and even as a pdf online. although it was written several decades ago, it is still very relevant today and an excellent source of reference material for you.

            
            you will also find some amazing personal feats of strength and self control such as the ascension balloon flight achieved by david blaine. this is not exactly magic but is still very impressive. the  street magic chapter of this site demonstrates some more realistic and achievable gifts of knowledge to learn and perform which i reckon is fair dinkum.

            

          you will find a good source of up to date tutorials at tom matriq's youtube channel. you also have a lot of videos on youtube featuring some of the latest tricks being demonstrated at the recent blackpool magic convention that was held in february 2024 for three days. this is one of the biggest gatherings of magicians and magic dealers from all over the world and a great opportunity to see the most up to date magic and demonstrations in the dealer's hall as well as learn from the masters during some of the many convention lectures. the 2025 blackpool magic convention, kicks off again next february 2025 with new headliner acts being added all the time.           
          
the melbourne magic festival kicked off in the land down under back in july  and seemingly was  a lot of fun. it will hopefully inspire a lot of the younger generation to take up magic as a hobby and even continue to professional level to heighten australia's profile in the world of magic.they are getting ready for the event again next year in 2025.







click here to start learning for free now!

















copyright © 2020 www.goodtricks.net            














