





kennebec skate shop































 toggle navigation    
kennebec skate shop 



why us
our mission
services
gallery
testimonials
contact












kennebec skate shop
for all your skating needs.
learn more 









why choose us?


 
new to skating?
our friendly and knowledgeable staff are here to give you advice and help solve any issues with your gear that may arise. 

 
sales
we know hockey can be expensive. thats why we offer many sales. stop in weekly to see what's on sale!

 
need to dress a team?
a team that looks good plays good. this is why we are able to supply everything from work out apparel to sticks to make your team look great.

 
make sure you are ready for this year
stop in to make sure you have everything you need to be successful this year!










our mission
we are a family of hockey players, coaches, refs, and spectators who are fulfilling our dream to own and operate a skate shop.  providing top of the line service, equipment, and apparel at affordable prices to fellow hockey lovers like ourselves










our services
when it comes to skating there is no place better then the kennebec skate shop





hockey
we are your one stop shop for everything hockey. whether you are looking for sticks, skates or pads we have it all. 


 

equipment repairs 
ever break your skate? we all have been there, our expert staff are here to fix any issue you may run into. we also can help fix any other equipment malfunctions you may find your self facing. 


 

custom orders
looking for that special piece of equipment? we can order any item you need!




 





 

skate molding and sharpening
new skates? we can sharpen and mold them even if they are not bought from us! we are the only maine authorized shop to do fitting for the vh/true skates. 


 












gallery
take a look at what we can do for you





 

skate sharpening

  




 

helmets

  




 

cages and apparel 

  




 

waxed and non-waxed laces

  




 

mouth guards

  




 

sticks

  




 

local team apparel

  




 

hockey pants in stock

  




 

skate repair

  










what our clients say




  

"these guys really take good care of you and really care about the kids and the gear they're using. always an excellent experience."
 - facebook user 





  

"best place to buy your hockey or lacrosse equipment!"
 - facebook user 





  

"best sharpening anywhere. these guys know there stuff! i wouldn't go anywhere else."
 - facebook user 












get in touch
please fill out the form below to send us an email and we will get back to you as soon as possible.





















send message





contact info
 address203 whitten road
         hallowell, me 04347


 phone +1 207 512 8225


 email sales@kennebecskateshop.com

















©  kennebec skate shop. website by jfc coding













