










pittsburgh hair salon and beauty products | philip pelusi salons






















zemez989




























about us

gift card
salon services


locations

 compare (0) 





my account


register
shopping cart
checkout




my wish list (0)

sign in
























my cart
0 item(s) - $0.00
0



your shopping cart is empty!






search




















shampoo


conditioners


styling products


skincare


sprays


damaged hair


men's products





























a cut above the rest ®
view our salon services

































we are...
we are an amazing, innovative company.  that is evolving and reinventing at all times. 
leading and progressing.

book an appointment  
careers  
about us












curly hair at philip pelusi
the hair texture group at philip pelusi is composed of over 200 philip pelusi designers certified in the art of volumetric’s. this patented precision cutting method allows our designers to cut to the fabric and fiber of your hair. whether volumized, smooth, full, curly, straight, or anything in-between the texture group at philip pelusi delivers all the elements! see it. feel it. be it.
find your style











creative color at philip pelusi

with over two hundred philip pelusi specially certified hair colorists, each personally trained in the principles of color matching, allow us to create a unique masterpiece every time for you.
 we paint beauty. we paint style. we paint hair.

locations











social media at philip pelusi

the buzz agents at philip pelusi are appointed in each salon; equipped with their phone in hand, to capture the trends being created daily in our philip pelusi salons. they want to inspire you by uncovering the hottest colors, cuts and styles and spread the buzz from within the walls of philip pelusi to your social media.

about buzz agents











testimonials

"bailey at the philip pelusi in robinson, pa is not just an artist, but a magician! she consistently gives me the best haircuts i’ve ever had! i’m astounded with her attention to detail. i wish all stylists everywhere were 1/2 as good as she is!"- margaret v.
"a special thank you to aja at the squirrel hill location. she liberated me from five months of overgrown hair and gave me a sweet and sassy style. just what i wanted."- denise t.
"i wish there was a salon in louisville ky but there is not.  my hair is gorgeous.  tatiana really knows how to take care of curly hair.  thank you.  i will ask her to cut my hair every time i'm in town." - kris y.
"kim k. at the block northway is amazing! she absolutely nails the color and cut i want every time! recently, i had decided to continue growing out my hair back to its natural brown (that is turning more gray with age) from blonde. she did a fantastic job. it looks so natural - so much so, that no one has noticed, which i think is exactly the point. it looks so seamless. it has given me a ton of personal confidence that i truly needed. thank you so much kim!!" - rachael k.

read more
























free shipping & offers
free shipping on online orders of $100 or more. (not to be used with any other discount.) use code: free-ship
free shipping & offers


























information

about us
faq
privacy policy
legal
return policy
sitemap
news & specials 
contact us
testimonials
careers































				© philip pelusi 2025. all rights reserved.
			

















