






foreign accent reduction | ny | hanover speech and voice improvement





























	(917) 648-1787
		
contact us







			[contact-form-7 id="61" title="contact form 1"]			
















home
services

accent modification
voice therapy


about me
online training
testimonials
contact me
 

menu





		[cloudslider id="9"]			




 
fern hanover


speech pathologist

graduated from
 columbia university.
 m.s. in speech pathology 
 m.ed. in applied linguistics 
 m.a. in communication 
 b.a. in linguistics
 


 




 

accent modification
 voice therapy
training online is available


 


do you like how you sound when you speak?
when you speak, do others listen to what you say or how you say it?  if the answer is no, fern hanover is here to provide speech improvement, accent reduction and voice therapy services. let your speech reflect who you are.  let your speech communicate your intended message.  if your foreign or regional accent is interfering with how you express yourself, you can benefit from our services.  if you would like to know how, we are here to help you.  our speech improvement, accent reduction and voice therapy services will improve your voice projection by learning proper vocal technique that is essential to communicating. if you rely on your voice for your profession, you are a professional voice user. this can include singers, actors, teachers, salesmen, clergymen, air traffic controllers, lawyers, doctors, or anyone else who uses his or her voice in the work setting. if your speech is holding you back from achieving your goals, we are here to help you. take advantage of our speech improvement, accent reduction and voice therapy services from a licensed speech-language pathologist, fern hanover! our speech improvement, accent modification and voice therapy services include learning the technique for proper breathing, use of the resonators, intonational and pitch variation, and rate and rhythm of your speech. let our voice therapy eliminate vocal strain, fatigue, hoarseness, and nasality in your speech. let our speech improvement and accent reduction enhance your confidence and help you reach your full potential.
 








our contact details

address:2600 netherland ave., bronx, ny 10463


phone:(917) 648-1787


email:info@hanoverspeech.com




contact us
									[contact-form-7 id="61" title="contact form 1"]								


our location
								[location address ="320 west 86th st.,‏ new york, ny 10024"]							






website created and designed by webic
all rights reserved © 2025







