





orlando disney vacation


























































 





call
                    



email
                    



book now
                    














home


description


location


photos


availability


guest instructions


reviews


blog



toggle dropdown



airlines will soon make it eas...




video tour


blog













































 





book now
                    
















toggle navigation




home


description


location


photos


availability


guest instructions


reviews


blog



toggle dropdown



airlines will soon make it eas...




video tour


blog






















































 











book now
                    
















toggle navigation




home


description


location


photos


availability


guest instructions


reviews


blog



toggle dropdown



airlines will soon make it eas...




video tour


blog
















your orlando vacation is waiting












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































previous



next




next






rate – 
$149-256/night


size – 
        3 bedrooms
             • 
            4 bathrooms (3 full, 1 half)
4 baths (3 full, 1 half)
                 • 
        sleeps 4-6


amenities – 


        internet    


        private pool    
(more...)


orlando disney vacation home
this  luxury vacation townhome offers endless options for fun; whether you are planning on visiting the theme parks and attractions in the greater orlando area or coming to relax and enjoy all that solara resort has to offer. we are steps away from all solara resort amenities!
the townhouse can accommodate up to 6 guests.
**book now**
main level: features a spacious open floor plan with a fully equipped kitchen. the kitchen features brand new stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, bar seating for 6. spacious dining room, and living room area with a new 50" flat screen tv. the living room opens to the screened patio with private splash pool, and outdoor eating area complete with gas grill (no extra cost).
-there is also an exterior camera for security purposes and to monitor the public exterior of our home, front door area.
upper level: -loft area with new 55" flat screen tv
-large primary suite features king size bed, full size dresser, 2 night stands, new 55" flat screen tv, ceiling fan, reading lamps, phone and en suite bathroom with double sinks and large shower.
-bedroom #2 features queen bed, a new 43" flat screen tv, night stand, ceiling fan and private ensuite bathroom with tub/shower combo.
-bedroom # 3rd bedroom is roomy and features a unique bedding arrangement with a full size bed and a built in twin bed overhead which is fun for the little ones. it also features a new 43” flat screen tv, as well as a dresser, & a seating area, floor lamp, and oscillating fan.
-full size hall bath features large shower.
-laundry room with full size large capacity washer & dryer, iron and ironing board.
solara resort is a brand new gated resort-style community conveniently located off us-192 and nearby highways i-4, fl sr 429, fl sr 417, and us 27. the community is approximately 9 miles (20 min.) from walt disney world and 20 miles (30 min.) from universal studios. world class shopping, dining, and entertainment is just minutes away!
solara resort features a heated zero-entry grand pool, flowrider surf simulator, and interactive waterslides and splash pad for the kids. tweens and teens have a special hangout area designed just for them to enjoy. the pool bar will serve your favorite libation and the grill offers a tempting menu...all can be enjoyed at your poolside cabana!
the state-of-the-art fitness center is available to help keep you in tip-top shape while on vacation. you and your family will enjoy the outdoor fitness lawn, basketball court, beach volleyball court and a full-size soccer field.
need to do a little work while relaxing? the grande clubhouse includes indoor and outdoor lounges and work stations to stay connected with wifi throughout.
*****
covid-19 regulations
please note that due to covid restrictions in certain areas, the community amenities for this property may not be available or may be limited. these restrictions are out of our control and therefore we cannot be held responsible. please understand these rules are in place for the safety of all residents and guests.
****
- this short term rental strictly cannot be used for events or group gatherings that exceed maximum occupancy.
amenities include:
-gated community
-fully equipped kitchen
-quartz countertops
-full size large capacity washer & dryer
-splash pool with child safety fence
-cable tv in living room, loft and all bedrooms
-internet
-check-in after 4:00 pm and check-out by 10:00 am.
**guests will be requested to sign a rental agreement upon booking confirmation.
**security deposit : a security deposit may be required prior to arrival or at check-in subject to the booking platform used to make the reservation. this fee is charged as a credit card transaction and refunded after check-out, provided all terms are met.
**there are surveillance cameras on the property, strictly for security reasons only to ensure guests' safety. all cameras are facing outdoor areas.
**house rules:
- travelers must be at least 25 years of age or older to book.
- no smoking of any kind is allowed on the premises. smoking tobacco, cannabis or the use of any recreational drugs in the house is strictly prohibited. failure to comply will incur a $500 penalty.
- no parties or events are permitted, illegal activity is prohibited and excessive noise won't be tolerated. no loud music is allowed after 10 pm. please be respectful of the neighbors.
- no more guests than those listed in your reservation are allowed. no tent or other structures may be set up on the ground of the property.
- renters agree to cover any charge related to damages that occurred during their stay or cover necessary extra-cleaning charges if such is needed after their stay.
- renters may be required to provide a government id on the day of checking in or during your stay.
- moving furniture, decor, and equipment inside the townhome is prohibited. failure to comply will incur a $500 penalty.
- pets are not allowed.
- if you reserve through a platform where we are the merchant of record, a security deposit of $500 usd will be charged before your arrival and refunded after your check out and once the property has been inspected for any damage (service fees may apply).
why choose this rental?
* no management company...deal directly with owner
* go straight to your rental for easy check-in
* 24/7 on-call maintenance
* free access to all resort amenities (no resort fees)
* free on-site parking
* smoke-free and pet-free for your comfort
* towels and linens are provided (one bath towel, hand towel, and wash cloth per guest and one pool towel per guest)
* complimentary wireless internet & cable
*all stairways and bedrooms are carpeted for safety and comfort.
* rental items available (e.g., cribs, pack n plays, strollers, high chairs etc.)
*the private pool can be heated during the winter months for an extra charge. to request this service, please let us know at least 48 hours in advance.
to make your arrival a little easier on you, our starter welcome packet includes:
- 2 rolls toilet paper per bathroom
- 1 round hotel-size bar soap per bathroom
- 1 hotel-size shampoo/conditioner per full bathroom
- 1 roll paper towel
- 1 packet dishwasher detergent
- 1 trash bag for kitchen trash can
- 1 small laundry detergent (enough for one load)
- garbage can liners in each bedroom/bathroom small garbage cans
any supplies beyond this are up to the guest to replenish, we do not restock these items. additional supplies must be purchased by the guests. we do not provide condiments, coffee, creamer, etc.
interaction with guests:
you can check yourself in using the keypad.
you’ll have complete privacy during your stay, but we’re available 24/7 should you need anything- just give us a call or send us a text or email!

amenities





                property type
            

townhome in a resort             



                accommodation
            


entire home
                            



                check-in
            

a keypad is available 24 hours a day to provide entry for guests            



                house rules
            



                                maximum occupancy: 6
                            

                                children welcome
                            

                                infants welcome
                                    


                                smoking not allowed
                            

                                wheelchair inaccessible
                            

                                minimum age of primary renter: 25
                            

                                pets not allowed
                            





                setting & view
            



                            town

                        





                general
            



                            internet

                        

                            telephone

                        

                            air conditioning

                        

                            central heating

                        

                            linens provided

                                


                            towels provided

                                


                            washing machine

                                


                            clothes dryer

                                


                            hot water

                        

                            fitness room/equipment

                                


                            iron & board

                        

                            wifi

                                


                            ceiling fans

                        

                            laptop friendly workspace

                                


                            hangers

                        

                            lock on bedroom door

                        

                            free internet

                        





                kitchen
            



                            kitchen

                                


                            refrigerator

                        

                            stove

                        

                            oven

                        

                            microwave

                        

                            dishwasher

                        

                            dishes & utensils

                        

                            coffee maker

                        

                            toaster

                        

                            ice maker

                        

                            freezer

                        

                            pots & pans

                        

                            kitchen island

                        

                            dining table

                        




bathrooms

4 bathrooms (3 full, 1 half)
4 baths (3 full, 1 half)


                                    main level bathroom
                                        – toilet
                                                                    

                                    bedroom 2 bathroom
                                        – toilet, tub
                                                                    

                                    bedroom 1 bathroom
                                        – shower, toilet
                                                                    

                                    primary en suite
                                        – shower, toilet
                                                                    




sleeping arrangements

                        3 bedrooms,
                                            sleeps 4-6
                    

                                primary suite
                                    – 1 king bed
                                                            

                                bedroom 2
                                    – 1 queen bed
                                                            

                                bedroom 3
                                    – 1 double bed, 1 twin bed
                                                            





                entertainment
            



                            television

                        

                            satellite/cable

                        

                            games/board games

                                


                            gym

                        

                            smart tv

                        





                outdoor
            



                            outdoor grill

                                


                            deck/patio (uncovered)

                        





                pool/spa
            



                            communal pool

                        

                            private pool

                                






                vehicles
            



                            free parking

                        





                sports & adventure
            



                            basketball court

                        

                            swimming

                        





                safety
            



                            deadbolt lock

                        

                            fire extinguisher

                        

                            first aid kit

                        

                            exterior lighting

                        

                            smoke detector

                        

                            enhanced cleaning practices

                        

                            cleaning disinfection

                        

                            common surface disinfectant cleaned

                        

                            linens high temp wash

                        





                expectations
            



                            requires stairs

                                


                            cameras/surveillance

                                










orlando disney vacation is not affiliated with or part of disney, disney world or any of their subsidiaries, affiliates, or any other attractions or theme parks. we are a separate vacation home operating within the disney world and attractions area of kissimmee / orlando florida.
© 2025 kuzcotopia • (954) 263-5709 • kuzcotopiaretreat@gmail.com facebook • instagram • youtube



        you're logged in to ownerrez. manage this site:  
        
 edit page
 edit site
 logout










