


mormons and evolution



















    
	mormons and evolution
	
  
a quest for reconciliation





3/23/2006



	 
	 mormons and evolution has moved
	 
    


here is our new home. please update your links, bookmarks, post-it notes, and so forth.

(more...)



posted by christian y. cardall at 5:19 pm
1 comments






1/25/2006



	 
	 the failure of the argument from design
	 
    


as has been noted by some, the obstacles confronting intelligent design are not merely limited to scientific verifiability.  in addition to the typical scientific objections to id, which are myriad and persuasive, there are a number of philosophical issues which id, as it is typically accepted, is simply unable to deal with.  it has often been said that id is not only terrible science (not science at all in fact) but it is ghastly theology as well.  in this post i would like to make some of the less well known reasons for this explicit.one of the main differences between intelligent design and darwinian evolution is that while the latter is fully composed of what aristotle would called ‘efficient causes,’ the former is principally composed of ‘teleological causes.’  in other words, id’s central point is that the causes responsible for the biological world we now observe are goal or purpose driven while darwinism maintains that entirely purposeless causes are fully sufficient to cover the appearances.it is for this reason that id is called ‘intellectualized creationism.’  the entire enterprise is centered on the ‘argument from design’ or the ‘teleological argument.’  it is my intention to provide an account of the principles involved in the argument from design, drawing upon william paley’s “natural theology: evidence of the existence and attributes of the deity collected from the appearances of nature,” and expose its serious short comings.paley’s points are as follows:we have the ability to recognize design when we see it.  if on the beach we found a watch (he calls it a clock) next to a rock on the beach, we would easily be able to identify which of the two had been designed.natural phenomena such as our eyes, thumbs and noses are more like clocks than rocks.just as we are able to accurately infer the existence of a clock maker from the existence of a clock, we should also be able to infer the existence of an ‘eye-maker’ from the existence of eyes.  while the maker of a clock need only be finite in nature, the designer of all these designed phenomena in nature must be infinitely wise and powerful.thus the only adequate source of such designed features as our noses being pointed down so that we wouldn’t drown from rain is god.and now for the problems with such reasoning.  before continuing i would like to acknowledge that the id movement does not insist that the ‘designer’ be infinite in anything, only that he be ‘intelligent’ in some form.  however, this has not prevented most who adopt id from accepting the infinite nature of the designer regardless.  while most of these criticisms will apply to a finite designer as well, many will only apply to an infinite one.  like i said, it is the theological use of id which i am principally concerned with.the argument from designer violates ockham’s razor, the principle of parsimony.  it engages in serious explanatory overkill.  while it may seem more natural to posit a designer, thanks to modern evolutionary theory, we really don’t need to.  without the principle of parsimony, no explanation which covers the appearances is any better than any other which also does.  jesse prinz’s “theory” that birds are robots, which melt when they burn, were created by mad scientists from another planet and fly because they hang from ultra thin threads connected to spaceships that orbit the earth is just as good as the theory that they are animals which descended from dinosaurs that do not gestate their young.  without parsimony, these two theories are equally good.  this argues strongly against (3).design need not come from above.  in fact, it should not.  if design can only be bestowed by an more-designed-designer then we will have to explain how that more-designed-designer got to be so designed in terms of an even-more-designed-designer and so on ad infinitum.  thus, our explanation is heading in the wrong direction.  this also argues against (3).the entire argument depends upon the ability to infer certain characteristics about a cause from its effects.  such reasoning is incredibly unreliable.  are we supposed to be able to infer the properties of salt by the taste which is gives french fries?  such reasoning would never in a million years allow us to conclude that salt is composed of the metal sodium and the poisonous gas, chlorine.  again, this goes against (3).closely related, how in the world can anybody reasonably infer from finite effects that the cause must have been infinite?  this is not just a case of going beyond what is necessary, but is in fact a case of going against reason to establish a desired conclusion.  hume put it best in his “dialogues concerning natural religion” where he asks if the designer could not have been stupid, or wicked, or a committee or simply vastly-but-not-infinitely powerful.  all of these possibilities are actually more reasonable given the appearances which must be accounted for than is the all-wise, all-loving conclusion.  this is a brutal blow against (4).the argument from design engages is highly biased data selection.  sure, when flowers are blooming and suns are setting its easy to be caught up in the awe of it all.  but what about when tsunamis and hurricanes hit?  what about famine and disease?  what about birth defects?  what about the obvious injustice of the wicked prospering while the righteous dwindle in utter poverty?  what about all the horrible our simply stupid cases of design we observe in the biological world?  if these imply a designer then it must be a relatively stupid or malevolent one.  this works strongly against (3).  (it should be also kept in mind that we simply can’t say “well, we simply don’t know about these cases” because if such is the case, then we really don’t know about any of the cases and we shouldn’t be using the argument from design at all.)the problem is that most iders believe that everything, not just some things, shows design.  god, sorry, the designer designed everything including the rocks.  this undermines (1).issue is not simply one of design vs. non-design.  instead, follow michael ruse, the issue would be better phrased as an issue of chaos vs. complexity vs. design.  it is not so easy to distinguish chaos from complexity or complexity from design as it is chaos from design and paley does us a great disservice by ignoring this point.  this also works against (1).consequently, thumbs, while they may resemble clocks more than rocks, do not really resemble either very well.  nobody has ever seen a rock come into existence, loosely speaking.  lots of people have seen how clocks come into existence, namely by a clock-maker.  lots of people have also seen how thumbs, eyes and noses come into existence, namely by the birth of an organism.  this final example shows how biological entities cannot be considered to be rocks or clocks, not by a long shot.  this seriously undermines (2).the argument from design attempts to show that since biological phenomena are not chaos then they must be design, but such is not the case.  biological phenomena, as we have seen, do not suitably fall into the same categories as rocks or designed artifacts.  instead they are something different from both categories and darwin proposed what is so far the only suitable mechanism for this third category “complexity.”  inheritance of information by birth simply cannot be equated with design, nor does it imply it at all.  this too speaks against (2).darwinian evolution (which is uncontroversially true to at least some extent) suggests that the equivalent of upside-down happens all the time.  the appearances are equally compatible with the proposition that some individuals, in the beginning, were created with upside-down noses, but those people all drown some time in the past, leaves us “right-side-upers” to marvel at the benevolence of the creator.  this, however, tells us more about us than the creator.  it cannot be emphasized enough that this is uncontroversially true to some extent.  (3) is again under attack.finally, and a little off topic, the argument from design to the existence of god, rather than a mere designer, simply does not work.  just because some entity designed this world and even us is no reason whatsoever to suppose that this designer is deserving or desiring of worship.  of course this argument against (4) only goes to show the underlying motives which trump the inadequate reason involved in id reasoning.for all of these reasons, which are in addition to the typical scientific objections, perhaps it is time we all got off the id train.

(more...)



posted by jeff g at 3:30 pm
6 comments









	 
	 the relevance to evolution of brigham’s science-friendly statements
	 
    


jared has a nice post on the changing publication history of a very interesting quote from brigham young, and jeffrey and clark give some other interesting statements of brigham’s. no question it’s gratifying to perceive support for one’s own sympathies for science in general, and interpretational flexibility of genesis in particular, from someone of brigham's stature; but there are some reasons for enthusiasts of naturalistic evolution to not to get too excited. first, clark italicizes a statement that, taken out of the context of the totality of brigham’s thought, seems open to evolution; but brigham surely did not intend it as such. in saying “our spirits are his: he begot them. we are his children; he set the machine in motion to produce our tabernacles,” the ‘setting in motion’ brigham had in mind could only have been the initial procreation by divine beings of the first parents of the human race, and not the initiation of naturalistic evolution by the creation of rudimentary single-celled (or even sub-cellular) life.second, the full statement clark cited has potentially conflicting ideas on god being subject to natural law and god decreeing natural law, and also gives some ammunition to intelligent design advocates. says brigham, but it is hard to get the people to believe that god is a scientific character, that he lives by science or strict law, that by this he is, and by law he was made what he is; and will remain to all eternity because of his faithful adherence to law. so far, so good; sounds like god as engineer. but then he immediately says it is a most difficult thing to make the people believe that every art and science and all wisdom comes from him, and that he is their author. … it is strange that scientific men do not realize that, all they know is derived from him; to suppose, or to foster the idea for one moment, that they are the originators of the wisdom they possess is folly in the highest! here brigham is either not recognizing a distinction between god as engineer and god as first cause, or is at least denying man’s ability to discover the regularities of nature through the scientific method without divine inspiration. finally, a general teleological argument: as for ignoring the principle of the existence of a supreme being, i would as soon ignore the idea that this house came into existence without the agency of intelligent beings. for more on the distinction between god as first cause and god as engineer, and the styles of arguments from design they respectively inspire, see this post.finally, with regard to the ultimate relevance of jared’s well-done and much-appreciated detective work: when it comes to what people and organizations take as religious doctrine, older and original are not always deemed more true. in fact, the opposite may be true. (this is contrary—not inappropriately, for science of course, and perhaps also for a religion with acknowledged infallible authorities and an open canon—to the usual values historians deploy in plying their craft.) we applaud brigham for applying this principle in recognizing the limitations of the creation account in genesis, by taking account of what we ‘know’ today—either by science or revelation/inspiration—that previous prophets did not. however, this freedom to set aside older statements is a two-edged sword: we may be less excited about the contemporary church availing itself of this principle in selecting for current consumption only the portions of brigham’s statements that are today considered good doctrine by the current presiding authorities. 

(more...)



posted by christian y. cardall at 12:31 pm
9 comments






1/16/2006



	 
	 elder boyd k. packer on evolution
	 
    


elder boyd k. packer has commented on evolution on a number of occasions. below i provide relevant excerpts from all of the talks that i am aware of where he makes reference to evolution either explicitly, or where it could reasonbly be inferred. most of the talks were given in general conference--a few were given at byu. as an exception, i do not provide any text from "the law and the light," because the whole talk is dedicated to the topic. a link is provided instead.for the most part, elder packer's talks really seem less to do with evolution than with morality. the recurring theme of his comments is that we are not merely animals, but children of god with divine potential and are governed by moral laws. many of elder packer's statements are actually directed toward a certain philosophy, not science itself. unfortunately, the average reader may not realize the distinction."the law and the light" deserves a post of its own, but for now a summary must suffice. this talk makes clear that elder packer views the application of evolution to humans as false, yet he also seems to reject the label of "creationist." he declares that he does not know how the creation (including that of man) was accomplished or how long it took. he also leaves the door open for the application of evolutionary theory to animals. furthermore, he encourages scientific study."no latter-day saint should be hesitant to pursue any true science as a career, a hobby, or an interest, or to accept any truth established through those means of discovery. nor need one become a scientist at the expense of being a latter-day saint of faith and spiritual maturity."again in this talk, discussion of evolution is overshadowed by the reaffirmation of basic gospel truths, especially the existence of conscience and moral law.excerpts from elder packer's talks are easily used as blunt instruments which may polarize rather than persuade. when given additional context and taken as a whole, i think they allow for more latitude than is initially apparent. if they are approached with an acceptance and belief in god, the atonement, moral law, and accountability, the tension with science largely (though not entirely) dissolves. instead of attacks on evolution the statements become testimonies of spritual and moral truths, and a caution against adopting a certain philosophy based on, but not actually a part of, science. elder packer desires that "there be no “evolutionists” nor “creationists” nor any manner of “ists”; just seekers after truth" (4). although disagreements are bound to occur, this statement suggests that discussion ought to proceed without insult to either intellect or testimony.----------------------------------------------------excerpts:1. nov 1984,  the pattern of our parentage. (note that in #4 elder packer appears to be more open to the evolution of animals.)"no lesson is more manifest in nature than that all living things do as the lord commanded in the creation. they reproduce “after their own kind.” (see moses 2:12, 24.) they follow the pattern of their parentage. everyone knows that; every four-year-old knows that! a bird will not become an animal nor a fish. a mammal will not beget reptiles, nor “do men gather … figs of thistles.” (matt. 7:16.)in the countless billions of opportunities in the reproduction of living things, one kind does not beget another. if a species ever does cross, the offspring cannot reproduce. the pattern for all life is the pattern of the parentage.this is demonstrated in so many obvious ways, even an ordinary mind should understand it. surely no one with reverence for god could believe that his children evolved from slime or from reptiles. (although one can easily imagine that those who accept the theory of evolution don’t show much enthusiasm for genealogical research!) the theory of evolution, and it is a theory, will have an entirely different dimension when the workings of god in creation are fully revealed.since every living thing follows the pattern of its parentage, are we to suppose that god had some other strange pattern in mind for his offspring? surely we, his children, are not, in the language of science, a different species than he is?"2. nov 1986, little children"this secular doctrine holds that man is not a child of god, but basically an animal, his behavior inescapably controlled by natural impulse, exempt from moral judgments and unaccountable for moral conduct. while many claim that this philosophy could not, in the end, lead mankind to relaxed moral behavior, something causes it! is it accidental that the more widely such secular doctrines are believed, the more prevalent immoral behavior becomes?they defend their philosophy with collected data and say, “it is now proven to be true. look at all the evidence on our side.”we in turn point to the sorry way in which mankind degrades procreation and the attendant suffering of both children and adults and say, “look at all the evidence on our side.”secular doctrines have the advantage of convincing, tangible evidence. we seem to do better in gathering data on things that can be counted and measured. doctrines which originate in the light, on the other hand, are more often supported by intangible impressions upon the spirit. we are left for the most part to rely on faith. but, in time, the consequences of following either will become visible enough."3. may 1988, atonement, agency, accountability"we are taught in genesis, in moses, in abraham, in the book of mormon, and in the endowment that man’s mortal body was made in the image of god in a separate creation. had the creation come in a different way, there could have been no fall. if men were merely animals, then logic favors freedom without accountability.how well i know that among learned men are those who look down at animals and stones to find the origin of man. they do not look inside themselves to find the spirit there. they train themselves to measure things by time, by thousands and by millions, and say these animals called men all came by chance. and this they are free to do, for agency is theirs.but agency is ours as well. we look up, and in the universe we see the handiwork of god and measure things by epochs, by eons, by dispensations, by eternities. the many things we do not know we take on faith.but this we know! it was all planned before the world was. events from the creation to the final, winding-up scene are not based on chance; they are based on choice! it was planned that way.this we know! this simple truth! had there been no creation, no fall, there should have been no need for any atonement, neither a redeemer to mediate for us. then christ need not have been."4. oct 1988, the law and the light, published in 1990 in jacob through words of mormon: to learn with joy.5. nov 1990, covenants"little do we realize what we have brought upon ourselves when we have allowed our children to be taught that man is only an advanced animal. we have compounded the mistake by neglecting to teach moral and spiritual values. moral laws do not apply to animals for they have no agency. where there is agency, where there is choice, moral laws must apply. we cannot, absolutely cannot, have it both ways.when our youth are taught that they are but animals, they feel free, even compelled, to respond to every urge and impulse. we should not be so puzzled at what is happening to society. we have sown the wind, and now we inherit the whirlwind. the chickens, so the saying goes, are now coming home to roost."6. march 1992, "the fountain of life," 18-stake byu fireside, published in things of the soul. (note the similarity to #7.)"the knowledge that we are the children of god is a refining, even an exalting truth. on the other hand, no idea has been more destructive of happiness, no philosophy has produced more sorrow, more heartbreak, more suffering and mischief, no idea has contributed more to the erosion of the family than the idea that we are not the offspring of god, but only advanced animals. there flows from that idea the not too subtle perception that we are compelled to yield to every carnal urge, are subject to physical but not to moral law.the man-from-animal theory has been passed about enough to be pronounced true on the basis of general acceptance. because it seems to offer logical explanations for some things, it is widely taught and generally accepted as the solution to the mystery of life.i know there are two views on the subject. but it is one thing to measure this theory soley against intellectual or academic standards, quite another to measure it against moral or spiritual or doctrinal standards.when the theory that man is the offspring of animals is planted in young minds, it should be accompanied by careful instruction to set it in isolation in the garden of the mind until faith is well rooted. otherwise, seeds of doubt may spring up and choke out the seedling of faith, and the harvest will be bitter fruit and the giver will have served the wrong master."7. may 1992, our moral environment"no idea has been more destructive of happiness, no philosophy has produced more sorrow, more heartbreak and mischief; no idea has done more to destroy the family than the idea that we are not the offspring of god, only advanced animals, compelled to yield to every carnal urge."8. november 1993, "the great plan of happiness and personal revelation," ces fireside, published in things of the soul. (note the similarity to #4.)"we may safely study and learn about the theories and philosophies of men, but if they contradict the plan of redemption, the great plan of happieniess, do not "buy into" them as truth. if you do, you may be putting a mortgage on your testimony, on your knowledge of premortal life, on the creation of man, on the fall and the atonement, on you redeemer, the resurrection, and exaltation; for "every plant, which my heavenly father hath not planted, shall be rooted up" (matthew 15:13).if you "buy into" the philosophies of men, you may have your testimony repossesed. your respect for moral law may go with it, and you will end up with nothing."

(more...)



posted by jared* at 9:00 am
23 comments






1/13/2006



	 
	 two classes of argument from design, which both fail
	 
    


in a recent post that took alma’s encounter with korihor as a springboard, my discussion of the possible evolution of joseph’s views on the nature of god turned on the assumption that alma’s argument from design points to a kind of god—which for convenience i will call god as first cause—who is somehow outside the universe, and logically prior to its natural laws, and therefore the ultimate potentiator of the universe’s observed order. i mentioned parenthetically that it was debatable whether alma’s argument took this form, and invited commenters to call me on it, but no one did. hence i take it upon myself to clarify the matter by pointing out that there is a second type of teleological argument, and that it is not clear which alma had in mind. then i do that effort at clarification the dubious honor of rendering it moot on the larger issue: while it might make some difference for how we interpret the evolution of joseph’s theology, when it comes to evidence for god it doesn’t really matter which type of argument alma (or joseph writing alma) had in mind (or if he even thought carefully enough to distinguish them), because they both fail—leaving us, in the end, with the testimony of direct experience as the only potential evidence for god’s existence. the version with god as first cause takes the apparent messiness of nature as a starting point, and proceeds to the uncovering of simple laws that give rise to these complicated phenomena. it is then the simple underlying universal laws—rather than the complicated phenomena—that are taken to be the hidden manifestation of god’s wisdom. a possible example of this might be kepler’s faith-shaking discovery that—horror of horrors!—planetary orbits are ugly ellipses with varying speed, rather than uniform circular motion pure and undefiled. perhaps this result was rendered more palatable to some—which is to say, more consonant with alleged divine æsthetic sensibilities—by newton’s derivation of a single set of beautiful laws to unify not only different kinds of orbits, but also terrestrial gravitational and projectile phenomena. here, underlying the bewildering diversity of phenomena, was the hidden simplicity worthy of divine wisdom.this argument is turned on its head in the other class of argument from design. in this version, simplicity is not the hallmark of god’s handiwork, but marvelous complexity. simple laws are not the manifestation of the mind of god, since these alone can lead to meaninglessly messy behavior; the real genius is in the use of these laws—whether by setting up special initial conditions, or through more prolonged regulating interventions—to bring about his purposes. in this more organizational version of creation, instead of god as first cause we have god as engineer. (if it were not so unwieldy and inflammatory, we might also say god as most excellent advanced alien technologist.)this perspective of god as first cause has a grave difficulty. what does it mean to say something outside the universe interacts with it? considering god outside the universe seems to be nonsensical; the right thing to do is expand one’s definition of the universe to include everything that interacts with us, including god. similar comments apply to alleged non-material entities like souls (or god himself): if it interacts with our physical bodies, it too ought to be defined as material. moreover, on what basis could this god’s actions be judged good, or even be orderly, except by fidelity to some set of principles external to himself?mormons who believe in god as engineer—a finite and embodied god within the universe, the nature of whose existence depends on laws and order bigger than him and beyond his control—can be justifiably proud of escaping the above-mentioned (and other) dilemmas presented by god as first cause. they can also avoid a problem facing religionists who, in accepting something like intelligent design, believe in both god as first cause and god as engineer: if complex things like human bodies must be designed, and the designer is also a complex thing, then who designed the designer? even those mormons disinclined to attribute the origin of humanity’s physical body to an infinite regression of physically procreating gods can nevertheless hijack the basic concept and renovate it as an infinite regression of designers.but god as engineer faces another problem that not even mormons can avoid: the reality that we have both theoretical and empirical examples of systems in which random initial conditions can give rise, without intelligent intervention, to ‘special’ outcomes that are both orderly and complicated. there are multiple mechanisms for this; i will mention two examples. one class of order without intelligent intervention might be called ‘specialness amidst randomness,’ arising from the presence of a statistical ensemble with variations in properties. an example here is planetary systems, of which 150 or so have been detected since the first discovery about a decade ago. none of these systems have conditions similar to earth suitable for life. it is almost certain that this results from a known observational selection effect, but observing the degree of variety we have so far, it is clear that fundamental natural laws are not sufficient to ensure that all planetary systems have suitable conditions like those of our solar system. but the point nevertheless remains that there are billions and billions of planetary systems out there, and given observationally plausible ranges of conditions, it would be surprising indeed if none of them had suitable conditions. hence regardless of whether alma means that divinely ordained fundamental laws on the one hand (god as first cause) or divinely arranged initial conditions on the other (god as engineer) are responsible for the “regular form” of our planetary system’s motions, he is dead wrong in asserting to korihor that it constitutes an evidence of god’s existence.a second class of order without intelligent intervention—which might be called ‘specialness from randomness’—is exemplified by nonlinear dynamical systems with ‘attractors,’ that is to say, systems that deterministically drive arbitrary initial conditions to one of a few special ‘final’ conditions (manifolds of bounded volume with smaller dimensionality than the entire dynamical phase space). philosophically similar to this—if less mathematically clean—may be evolution, which in darwin’s view involves the channeling and ratcheting, via natural selection, of arbitrary variations in species characteristics into certain obviously useful features: eyes, for instance, which i gather have been shown by genetic evidence to have independently evolved several times, by different paths from different initial conditions, to functionally similar ‘attracting’ final states.does alma’s argument from design refer to god as first cause or god as engineer? the fact that it is more offhand reference than sustained argument means that it’s difficult to say—and difficult even to tell if alma (or his creator) had thought carefully about it at the time the statement was authored. alma’s statement has two parts: a general reference to “all things,” and a more specific reference to the regular motion of our planets. each part could arguably be motivated by either of the two styles, though i tend to think the first reference to “all things” sounds more like god as first cause, and the second to planets in their “regular form” like god as engineer. (note that in arguing for an evolution of joseph’s conception of god i deftly combined the two parts to slant interpretation of the combined argument towards “god as first cause.”)however the conclusion is that neither style of teleological argument from design for god’s existence holds water. to make an analogy admittedly more poetic than strictly accurate, the fact that certain texts are attributed to, say, aaron b. cox is not sufficient to establish mr. cox's existence. and works alleged by some to depend on god’s intervention—like the creation of earth and life upon it, or the book of mormon—may be similarly pseudepigraphic. (the analogy is deficient because, having observed that most texts arise from human authors, it is most likely that texts attributed to mr. cox were also written by some human. but since we have no clear examples of intelligent minds creating either individual organisms or large-scale biospheres, no ‘watchmaker’ argument can be made remotely rigorous, and every example of ‘specialness from randomness’ renders such less necessary—and perhaps, in combination with observations of biological deficiencies and exaptations, less plausible as well.) hence scriptural statements connecting god with creation cannot be understood as arguments for his existence. given other reasons to believe in him—presumably, direct experience with him or his heavenly messengers—such scriptural statements then, and only then, may tell us something about the nature of our relationship to him, and perhaps also something about his and our natures. to the extent joseph is responsible for the content of the lectures on faith, he deserves credit for reflecting this perspective. and to alma’s credit, his rebuttal to korihor started off well, with reference to the testimonies of the prophets and other saints; it’s just that that’s where he should’ve stopped!

(more...)



posted by christian y. cardall at 10:42 am
13 comments









	 
	 response to god and science



since geoff b mentioned me by name, i feel inclined to respond. statements from his post are in italics, and my responses follow. as an example of how god might fit into scientific articles, consider articles about the origin of life on earth. there could be a whole array of scientific hypotheses put forward, all of which could lead to scientific tests, especially in the field of genetics.as i look over pratt’s list that follows this statement they all seem, contrary to what pratt says, either untestable at present with little hope for future testability, barring god’s detailed and public disclosure of his role (b through d, g and h); or falsified, with regard to organisms’ physical bodies (e and f). a refusal by the scientific world to accept god in any of its respected experiments these days makes for incomplete studies and false science.science does not include god in its hypotheses because no one has discovered indications of his actions that are sufficiently precise, testable, and publicly shareable to be amenable to the methodology of science. the range of questions that can be addressed by science is obviously limited (though it has grown steadily over time), and in this respect science is certainly “incomplete.” but that in no way makes it “false.”as any student of the history of science will know, sir isaac newton and even einstein accepted the existence of a creator.neither man accepted an anthropomorphic, embodied god. i think for newton, infinite and absolute space and time (that is, the entire ‘stage’ on which everything plays out) were essential aspects of god’s very being.  as far as einstein goes, one quote i quickly found through google put it this way: he rejected the conventional image of god as a personal being, concerned about our individual lives, judging us when we die, intervening in the laws he himself had created to cause miracles, answer prayers and so on. einstein did not believe in a soul separate from the body, nor in an afterlife of any kind……he was also struck by the radiant beauty, the harmony, the structure of the universe as it was accessible to reason and science……it seems likely that he believed in a god who was identical to the universe—similar to the god of spinoza. [!] a god whose rational nature was expressed in the universe, or a god who was identified with the universe and its laws taken together. i don’t think mormons can really look to either of these guys for support in specific theology, or that creationists of any stripe can point to them in support of their perverse notions of science pedagogy. that they had interests and perspectives that included things beyond science is a good example for  all of us, but says nothing about what should be in science classes—which, after all, is only one slice of life. ironically, by insisting on including god in science classes, creationists may have already given in or sold out: they shoot themselves in the foot by implicitly conceding and adopting the point of view that the scientific method is the only path to knowledge, insight, happiness, and so on. do they honestly believe that the study of science in a millennial world will be the same as it is now?if there is open communion with the heavens in a millenial world then yes, the range of questions addressable by science will be expanded, because there will then be precise, testable, and publicly shareable indications about god’s nature and his past and current involvement with earth and humanity.and, lastly, if science classes are incomplete without factoring in the “god factor” in their experiments, isn't there room for at least bringing that up in evolution or astronomy classes?i think science classes should reflect the content and methods of mainstream professional science, with protracted discussions of its limitations and alternative putative ways of knowing left to other areas of the curriculum (philosophy, “guidance” class as they call one subject in our local district, etc.), and to other venues (churches, books, blogs, seminars by charismatic circuit tour speakers…) in this connection i am against the inclusion of so-called ‘teach the controversy’ approaches involving intelligent design in science classes, because this does not reflect mainstream science. however such discussions may have a useful place in classes on philosophy, social studies, science and society, etc.having said that, i do not think claims should be overstated in science classes, and i do not think all subjects should be taught at all levels, and this leads me to a particular kind of science pedagogy i think should prevail. what belongs in science classes are tested hypotheses for which the students are capable of understanding the nature of the tests. because i think science classes should leave students with a ‘feel’ for the practice of science, even more than filling their brains with specific facts, i think it would be poor science pedagogy to present even well-established conclusions of professional scientists at a point before students can have some understanding of how those conclusions were arrived at. this approach would, to some extent at least, both allow and teach students to evaluate evidence for themselves. adherence to this approach would also serve as a prophylactic against the temptation to bandy about the latest and greatest hypotheses at the margins of knowledge before they are tested—as often happens in the media—which often leads to the unfortunate false impression that science is continually overturning itself, when in fact there is steady accumulation of well-established facts and ‘laws,’ and new theories reduce to well-established old ones in the limited conditions addressed by the old theories.[this is cross-posted from the spinozist mormon. please go to the original post to comment.] 

(more...)



posted by christian y. cardall at 10:37 am









	 
	 do all things denote there is a god?
	 
    


suggesting a resonance with the intelligent design approach to biology, matt evans mentions alma’s teleological argument to korihor in alma 30: the observed order, or “regular form,” of “all things” shows there is a god. there are questions, however, as to whether alma’s argument is consistent with joseph smith’s mature views on the nature of god, and also with the ancient hebrew worldview from which nephite culture sprang. is god (a) somehow outside the universe and responsible for its laws and its order, or (b) a finite and embodied being within the universe, the nature of whose existence depends on laws and order bigger than him and beyond his control?i think most mormons would say joseph believed (b) during the nauvoo era. but an early (i think the 1832) account of the first vision, in which he marveled at the heavens in language somewhat like alma’s—and also language in d&c 88—may suggest he believed something more like (a) in his earlier years. it would not be surprising if joseph had been exposed to teleological arguments in, for example, the youth debating club he participated in, mentioned by richard bushman in his books on joseph.to the extent alma’s statement represents (a) (this may be debatable—i leave it for commenters to explain why), how to account for its difference from and possible incompatibility, or at least tension, with (b)? one possibility is that alma did not know as much as joseph smith about the nature of god and eternity. this seems plausible; we know from alma’s teachings to corianton that alma did not know as much about the afterlife as joseph came to know. but a second possibility is that joseph is the true author of alma’s argument, and that it therefore reflects joseph’s early beliefs rather than those of ancient prophet. (similarly, in this scenario alma’s hazy picture of the afterlife could be a reflection of joseph’s haziness on the matter prior to the reception of d&c 76.)a reason to prefer the theory that joseph is the source of the alma’s teleological argument can be derived from a recent post by jim f. by way of background on the old testament. (the responsibility for this use of jim’s post is mine; he may well not endorse the argument i make here.) jim describes the very different way ancient hebrews wrote history: the existence of god and his action in the world was a universal  assumption brought to both the writing and the reading of literature, to the extent that to write a meaningful history was to describe god’s involvement in the events of the world. an argument like alma’s seems completely out of place in such a narrative tradition, in which god’s existence is not something to be argued for, but instead is an unconscicous necessity before a text can even be meaningful. alma’s argument is much more comfortably situated as a typical believing response, characteristic of joseph smith’s era, to issues raised by the enlightenment. as a parting comment, i note that joseph’s mature mormonism, embracing (b), seems in important ways to be philosophically much closer to atheism than traditional christianity, which embraces (a). this may be a reason why mormons imbued with (b) who leave mormonism tend to become atheist or agnostic rather than active in a denomination of traditional christianity.[this is cross-posted from the spinozist mormon. please go to the original post to comment.] 

(more...)



posted by christian y. cardall at 10:28 am






1/05/2006



	 
	 origin of the origin of man
	 
    


1909 marked the centennial of charles darwin's birth and the semicentennial of the publication of origin of species. according to gary james bergera, seven months after the darwin centennial, and perhaps in response to questions raised during the darwin celebration [apparently at byu - m&e], the first presidency of the lds church, consisting of life-long mormon official joseph f. smith and counselors john r. winder and anthon h. lund, asked apostle orson f. whitney to draft an official statement on the "origin of the physical man." a special committee of apostles corrected whitney's text, which was then read to the first presidency and quorum of twelve apostles, was "sanctioned by them" as "the official position of the church," and appeared in the november 1909 issue of the official improvement era.james talmage, not yet an apostle, was also involved in the drafting of the statement.interestingly, the 1909 statement draws on an article previously written by orson f. whitney and published in the contributor in 1882. (contributor, vol. 3 (october 1881-september 1882) june, 1882. no. 9.) in that article, whitney discussed the absurdity of both evolution and creation ex nihilo. the end of the article is quite similar to the end of the 1909 statement.below i have formatted the passage to show the changes made to the 1882 paragraph."[the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, basing its belief on divine revelation, ancient and modern, proclaims] [m]an is [to be] the direct [and lineal] offspring of deity, of a being who is the begetter of his spirit in the eternal worlds, and the architect of his mortal tabernacle in this. god himself is an exalted man, possessing body, parts and passions, refined and developed to the highest state of perfection [perfected, enthroned, and supreme]. [by his almighty power] he organized the world [earth] and all that it contains, from matter; from ever-living spirit and everlasting element, which exist co-eternally with [h]imself. he formed every plant that grows and every animal that breathes, each after the image of its own kind, and determined the fixity of their respective species. [spiritually and temporally--"that which is spiritual being in the likeness of that which is temporal, and that which is temporal in the likeness of that which is spiritual."] he made the tadpole and the ape, the lion and the elephant,; but he did not make them in his own image, nor endow them with godlike reason and intelligence. monkeys are the offspring of monkeys, and have been from time immemorial. hybrids may appear, but they are without the power to propagate. there is no instance on record where a baboon ever evolved into a human being, and science in attempting to unearth a "missing link" which it is claimed will connect mankind with monkeykind, is like a blind man hunting through a haystack to find a needle which isn't there. [nevertheless, the whole animal creation will be perfected and perpetuated in the hereafter, each class in its "distinct order or sphere," and will enjoy "eternal felicity." that fact has been made plain in this dispensation (doctrine and covenants, 77:3).][new paragraph]for [m]an is the child of god, fashioned in his [formed in the divine] image and endowed with his [divine] attributes, and even as the infant son of an earthly father [and mother] is capable in due time of becoming a man, so the undeveloped offspring of celestial parentage is capable in due time of becoming[, by experience through ages and aeons, of evolving into] a god."

(more...)



posted by jared* at 12:00 am
5 comments






12/01/2005



	 
	 intelligent design and theistic evolution
	 
    


while some theories may be backed by what appears to be science, this does not in any way make that theory itself scientific.  take for instance global warming.  this theory is backed by huge amounts of research with numerous lines of evidence converging upon the same conclusion.  nevertheless, “global warming” is not a scientific theory or model by any means, it is a political movement.  the same can be said for the modern intelligent design (id) movement.while i shall leave the discussion of why this is so for another time, i would like to dedicate the rest of this post to clarifying what other wise seem to be the rather blurry lines which separate id, formerly known a scientific creationism, from both theistic evolution (te) and evolutionary creationism (ec).  many, in fact most, assume that these three models (not scientific models mind you) are basically the same thing or at minimum have a good deal of overlap with each other.  i will attempt to show that while these models do have their similarities and points of contact with each other, they are actually quite distinct from one another.the reason for the confusion lies in the belief that “the enemy of my enemy is my friend.”  in other words, since i believe in a creator god and a fully naturalistic version of neo-darwinism denies such, anybody who disagrees with such a model must be on my side.  accordingly, essentially every flavor of creationist has jumped on the id band wagon, oft times without so much as asking themselves what it is that id allows and rejects.  id, as it presented by michael behe and company does not allow for a young earth.  nor does it hold out for a separate creation of species, including that of humans.  in fact, i can’t think of a single system or organ which is claimed to have been intelligently designed which is unique to humans.  nor does the theory deny that natural selection as a process does have a significant amount of creative power.  it simply points out that some unspecified organs or systems could not have been produced without intelligent foresight.  that’s it. all these points should make id supporters far more nervous than they seem to be.  thus, all young earth creationists cannot wave the banner of id.  nor can anybody who insists upon holding out for special and separate creations of species.  this, i assume, covers at least half of those who are so vigilant in their political activism in this matter.  of course these discrepancies tend not to bother these people in so much as they are happy to have the mere mention of a creator (intelligent designer? c’mon.) in the account of creation.  while they might not accept all of id, they at least consider it a step in the right direction.here i simply can’t help but sidetrack and ask if this really sounds like science to anybody at all.  parties putting forth preconceived theories without any appeal to falsifiable evidence which can distinguish them from any others and in the end reaching a tentative compromise in order to promote what are common in their different agendas?  people supporting supposedly scientific models based not on what the theory says itself but on what it says against another model?  people voting on what is science?  politicians’ opinions serving as a substitute for the scientific method?  when was the last time anybody ever saw a debate in a physics, chemistry or biology class?  contrary to popular opinion, the debate is being taught… to grad students and those who are well informed enough to have informed opinions on the matter.  what kind of class “teaches the debate” in high school?  a humanities class, that’s what kind.  the same kinds of classes that the politicians and lawyers, but not the scientists are accustomed to. but i have digressed.having shown how id differs from the less sophisticated versions of creationism, we should also proceed to show how it differs from other more scientific versions of creationism.  theistic evolution maintains that evolution is “the pen which god used to write the book of life” so to speak.  it comes in two varieties.  first, deistic evolution (de) states that god created the world and its laws knowing what would evolve and therefore had no reason to ever interfere with the process of creation.  the other version is that of evolutionary creationism which holds that god somehow guided evolution in some undisclosed way.  both versions accept what id denies, namely macroevolution.part of the appeal which te offers to the scientific mind is that it makes no claims whatsoever to actually being science.  it offers no theories whatsoever as to how, where or when divine intervention played a role in the creative process.  it simply accepts that it did on simple, unpretentious faith.  but again i have digressed somewhat.the differences between both forms of te and id should not be trivialized.  id does not accept macroevolution, namely the idea that natural selection along with other purely naturalistic mechanisms could have possibly been responsible for the wide diversity of highly complex life which we now observe. the very idea of id is that at some time an intelligence came along and designed something. this is not natural selection, self-organizing complexity or any form of evolution at all which, be it theistic or non-theistic is defined as the accumulation of design through the (differential) replication of living entities.  coagulation, flagella and the immune system, for example, didn’t evolve into existence at all, but were instead designed all at once.either something is designed by an intelligence or not. i while back at times and seasons glen henshaw posted on evolutionary algorithms and their use in creating new designs in software programs and the like. this process is very akin to ec in a number of ways.  while the designers did design the computer algorithms they used as well as control the selective pressures, they did not design the products of that process.  naturally if any person is to receive credit for having designed the products it would definitely be those programmers.  the real credit, however, belongs not with the programmers’ creative genius, but with the creative power of the entirely mindless algorithms themselves.  the programmers simply took advantage of this vast creative power and used it to their own advantage.to give the designers the full credit for the resulting designs would be to miss the entire point of evolution by natural selection.  one of darwin’s earliest critics understood this perfectly well when he shrieked:“in the theory with which we have to deal, absolute ignorance is the artificer; so that we may enunciate as the fundamental principle of the whole system, that, in order to make a perfect and beautiful machine, it is not requisite to know how to make it... this proposition will be found…to express in a few words all mr. darwin's meaning; who, by a strange inversion of reasoning, seems to think absolute ignorance fully qualified to take the place of absolute wisdom in all the achievements of creative skill.”exactly!  the differences between this and id should be clear.  had the engineers been intelligent designers they would have simply built the end product themselves rather than letting a long, wasteful and cumbersome process work on it for a while.  had they intelligently designed the end product, then they would have indeed deserved full credit for the creative process, but they didn’t so they weren’t.  like de, they didn’t directly create the end product, but rather the process by which that product, whatever it would turn out to be, would be created by nobody but the processes itself.  this, however, isn’t really giving the engineers their full due, for they did, presumably, supervise the process and guide it according to their tastes by a manipulation of selective pressures and variability.  their roles were much more analogous to ec.  nevertheless, they still did not directly create the end product and still do not deserve as much credit as if they had directly designed the end product by themselves.despite these similarities, there are, however, a number of differences which should not be overlooked.  in the case of the engineers survival and replication are artificially defined according to their particular tastes, desires and goals.  however in biological evolution survival and replication are in fact intrinsically self-defined.  whereas the engineers defined the ability to survive and reproduce according to performance some particular faculty, surviving long enough to reproduce in biological systems is not defined by actually surviving long enough to reproduce.  thus, it would seem that in this very important aspect, the user of the biological evolutionary algorithm could design nothing but creations which are good at surviving and reproducing, something which is done by all living organisms, irrespective of cognitive capability or whose “image” they come in.other ways could be conjured up as to how god could have guided this evolutionary process though.  he could have some how protected from harm those organisms which he saw had mutations which, although not contributing to their genetic fitness, did contribute to his own definition of fitness.  he could have also negatively selected mutations which although increase genetic fitness, were contrary to his particular definition of fitness at that particular time.  this, however, would appear to be a serious uphill battle.  one would also have to wonder why, if he knew what was good or bad, didn’t he simply design it according to id?this is an important point worth mentioning and giving more thought to.  the reason why the engineers in our example used those mindless algorithms to discover those wonderful designs was because they didn't know what that design would eventually be. if they had known what that optimal design was beforehand, they simply would have intelligently designed it that way rather than taking the long and wasteful route.  one wonders how this point applies to a ec devoid of all intelligent design as i have defined it. if the designer knew the design then why waste so much time, energy and life in taking the long route? why take the longer and more exploratory route if no exploration was necessary? the id answer is that he (to one degree or another) didn't. the evolutionary creationist, on the other hand, doesn't really have much of an answer.the other way in which god could have guided the evolutionary process is by influencing the mutations in organisms as well as the variation within the populations making them less than random.  of course, this starts to look an awful lot like full blown id.  id, as far as i can tell, does accept that while the irreducibly complex features we now observe could not have come about by natural selection, they do arise within the embryonic development of each organism in a purely naturalistic manner.  thus, their design wouldn’t amount to building a system as much as simply tinkering with the genetic sequence with a specific goal in mind.  is this really all that different from what te is suggesting?a few comments are in order.  first, if that is the form of design which id promotes then they really need to abandon any hope of special creation, for this mechanism has common descent written all over it.  this, as we have already seen, should come as no surprise since behe himself has already acknowledged this.second, the manner in which "irreducibly complex" systems can arise due to simply manipulations in the genetic sequence actually works against id attacks on evolution. they are quite fond of quoting darwin's admission that gradualism is necessary, but here is exactly where darwin's ignorance regarding genetics plays a crucial role. modern neo-darwinism doesn't necessarily hold out for gradual change in the phenotype as much as it does for gradualness in the change of the genotype, and even then there are some important qualifications which have recently come to light.  the gradualism which id attacks is no longer a strict prerequisite as it once was. thus, id simply must hold out for changes in the genetic sequence which are virtually impossible without some intelligent "help" for their "theory" to have any meaning whatsoever. and this is where the separation between id and ec comes in. god's causing or influencing particular mutations in the genome would, i suggest, count as ec if the change could have come from entirely naturalistic causes, whether it actually did or not. such mutations would count as id if they could not have possibly been the effect of "random" mutations and this by their own definition.thus the ec should be careful to not get too greedy and/or specific in his claims that god influence mutations and/or variation or else he might find himself in the id camp after all.  the difference between ec and strict id (a long earth creationism, complete with common descent and microevolution) is one of degree rather than kind, for the possible/impossible divide as to whether a mutation could have arisen by itself is blurry at best.this then serves as a sufficient test as to whether somebody rejects the id movement for pragmatic reasons or due to its falsity. those who reject id due to its falsity don't think that there are any mutations which could not possibly have been entirely blind and naturalistic. those who reject the id movement for pragmatic reasons think that there just might be some mutations which really couldn't have been random and therefore do require an intelligence designer.  “it’s just,” they claim, “that we probably won't ever be able to find any such mutation events with any degree of surety.  therefore it is best that we leave that explanation out of science altogether for it is only by assigning naturalistic explanations to all we can that the exceptions will be revealed.”id says that those mindless algorithms aren't powerful enough to have done the work we now observe.  therefore the design which we see now is not a product of indirect design through the tool of blind forces, but is instead the products of direct design. that is why it is "intelligent" rather than "blind."  thus, either design came directly from god as id claims or it came, at best, indirectly from god as ec suggests. it can't be both. if we accept any breaks at all in the genealogical lines of accumulated design then we have at that very moment left evolution altogether and are now in id land. 

(more...)



posted by jeff g at 1:31 pm
21 comments






11/15/2005



	 
	 joseph f. smith: a tale of two letters pt. 2
	 
    


the same month (april 1911) that joseph f. smith's editorial appeared in the improvement era, he published a separate editorial in the juvenile instructor. although similar to its companion, the ji article contains some interesting statements.it comes as no suprise that president smith viewed evolution as "more or less a fallacy." nevertheless, he characterized our relationship to our creator as defined by revelation to a "very limited degree." he further made these significant statements:in reaching the conclusion that evolution would be best left out of discussions in our church schools we are deciding a question of propriety and are not undertaking to say how much of evolution is true, or how much is false...the church itself has no philosophy about the modus operandi employed by the lord in his creation of the world... part of president smith's motivation for the action he took was a desire to keep the gospel simple--something that both schooled and unschooled could understand and appreciate. he thought that a better use of biological instruction was to focus on practical issues like pest control.commenting on this editoral, trent stephens and jeffery meldrum write:a lot has changed since 1911...we now know that managing insects requires a knowledge of their life cycles, chemistry, genetics, and evolution....the decision to avoid teaching evolution in the church schools was abandoned at least by the fall of 1971, when a formal class in evolution was instituted at byu [with general authority approval, m&e]...it has been the case for many years that all the biology classes at byu teach evolution as the foundation of the discipline... (evolution and mormonism: a quest for understanding, p. 41)again, it is interesting to note that president smith did not make reference to the 1909 statement. nevertheless it seems appropriate to suggest that these two editorials illuminate joseph f. smith's thinking on evolution, and that they should be kept in mind when interpreting "the origin of man."the juvenile instructor editorial is reproduced below. the text is taken from eyring-l.-------------------------philosophy and the church schools.some questions have arisen about the attitude of the church on certain discussions of philosophy in the church schools. philosophical discussions as we understand them, are open questions about which men of science are very greatly at variance. as a rule we do not think it advisable to dwell on questions that are in controversy, and especially questions of a certain character, in the courses of instruction given by our institutions. in the first place it is the mission of our institutions of learning to qualify our young people for the practical duties of life. it is much to be preferred that they emphasize the industrial and practical side of education. students are very apt to draw the conclusion that whichever side of a controversial question they adopt is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth; and it is very doubtful therefore, whether the great mass of our students have sufficient discriminating judgment to understand very much about some of the advanced theories of philosophy or science. some subjects are in themselves, perhaps, perfectly harmless, and any amount of discussion over them would not be injurious to the faith of out young people. we are told, for example, that the theory of gravitation is at best a hypothesis and that such is the atomic theory. these theories help to explain certain things about nature. whether they are ultimately true can not make much difference to the religious convictions of our young people. on the other hand there are speculations which touch the origin of life and the relationship of god to his children. in a very limited degree that relationship has been defined by revelation, and until we receive more light upon the subject we deem it best to refrain from the discussion of certain philosophical theories which rather destroy than build up the faith of our young people. one thing about this so-called philosophy of religion that is very undesirable, lies in the fact that as soon as we convert our religion into a system of philosophy none but philosophers can understand, appreciate, or enjoy it. god, in his revelation to man has made his word so simple that the humblest of men without especial training, may enjoy great faith, comprehend the teachings of the gospel, and enjoy undisturbed their religious convictions. for that reason we are averse to the discussion of certain philosophical theories in our religious instructions. if our church schools would confine their so-called course of study in biology to that knowledge of the insect world which would help us to eradicate the pests that threaten the destruction of our crops and our fruit, such instruction would answer much better the aims of the church school, than theories which deal with the origin of life. these theories may have a fascination for our teachers and they may find interest in the study of them, but they are not properly within the scope of the purpose for which these schools were organized. some of our teachers are anxious to explain how much of the theory of evolution, in their judgment, is true, and what is false, but that only leaves their students in an unsettled frame of mind. they are not old enough and learned enough to discriminate, or put proper limitations upon a theory which we believe is more or less a fallacy. in reaching the conclusion that evolution would be best left out of discussions in our church schools we are deciding a question of propriety and are not undertaking to say how much of evolution is true, or how much is false. we think that while it is a hypothesis, on both sides of which the most eminent scientific men of the world are arrayed, that it is folly to take up its discussion in our institutions of learning; and we can not see wherein such discussions are likely to promote the faith of our young people. on the other hand we have abundant evidence that many of those who have adopted in its fullness the theory of evolution have discarded the bible, or at least refused to accept it as the inspired word of god. it is not, then, the question of the liberty of any teacher to entertain whatever views he may have upon this hypothesis of evolution, but rather the right of the church to say that it does not think it profitable or wise to introduce controversies relative to evolution in its schools. even if it were harmless from the standpoint of our faith, we think there are things more important to the daily affairs of life and the practical welfare of our young people. the church itself has no philosophy about the modus operandi employed by the lord in his creation of the world, and much of the talk therefore, about the philosophy of mormonism is altogether misleading. god has revealed to us a simple and effectual way of serving him, and we should regret very much to see the simplicity of those revelations involved in all sorts of philosophical speculations. if we encouraged them it would not be long before we should have a theological scholastic aristocracy in the church, and we should therefore not enjoy the brotherhood that now is, or should be common to rich and poor, learned and unlearned among the saints. joseph f. smith the juvenile instructor 46(4):208-209 (april 1911)

(more...)



posted by jared* at 9:00 am
2 comments












contributors

christian y. cardall
jared*
jeff g



affiliate blogs

the spinozist mormon
issues in mormon doctrine
lds science review

reconciliation notebooks

christian
jeff
jared

links

byu evolution packet (pdf)
evowiki
evidences for macroevolution
radiometric dating













mormons and evolution has moved


awesome the promotion of girl beautiful sales klik here sejarah sabung ayam good price and cheap http://www.ayambakar.net please price directlyhttps://medium.com/@bakarayammarket/tipe-ayam-petarung-termahal-dalam-dunia-sabung-ayam-48eb96f11697teknik bertarung ayam pama gostan yang mengagumkankontroversi tentang keaslian ayam burma dalam laga sabung ayam darat jenis ayam petarung termahal dalam dunia sabung ayam cara mengobati 5 penyakit mematikan pada ayam aduan


the failure of the argument from design


the problem i have with the above is that there is that assumption i sense that efficient causality is all there is.  it seems to me that one can object to id without necessarily rejecting final causality.   posted by clark


your last line is a nice retort to aaron cox's "get of the speculation train"!did you really go back and read the original paley? if so, that's pretty cool.some combination of points 7, 8, and 9 are quite compelling. we can definitely tell the difference between three major kinds of things, both in their instrinsic properties and how they come into being: inorganic natural things, organic natural things, and man-made artificial things. i think it's interesting that traditional mormonism took seriously the "organic natural things" category that paley left out, in its insistence on an eternal regression of procreation of various kinds of plants and animals. when it comes to organisms, the argument from design doesn't really have a natural place in mormonism. posted by christian y. cardall


did that "speculation train" story happen at all?  was it someone else you knew who did it?


no, no "expansion theory" at work in the speculation train story. it was 100% unadulterated "inspired fiction" all the way. posted by christian y. cardall


jeffrey, i'm totally enjoying your input on geoffb's m* dna thread. i'm adding you to my blogroll and look forward to reading your site.


just so you know watt, my actual site is "issues in mormon doctrine ".  this site is the group blog which i contribute to every now and then. posted by jeffrey giliam


the relevance to evolution of brigham’s science-friendly statements


christian,i think you make some good points. i noticed the end of clark's quote also, but didn't comment further on it.anybody familiar with the broader range of brigham's ideas, or even the larger history of the church, would have to conceed that older isn't necessarily better.but then neither is newer. of course, it is absurd that ultimate truth changes based on who holds office. i think this leads back to one of your old posts . posted by jared


yes, i agree that neither newer or older is "ultimate truth." but when it comes to defining what is "doctrine," or acceptable for the purpose of official discourse, newer---that is, the latest word from the authorities---is "correct." as i say in the post you referred to (thanks!), for me this means that "doctrine" and "ultimate truth" have to be allowed to be separate things. mostly overlapping, one would hope; but history shows there must be allowance for some slippage between them.an interesting thing about newer vs. older is that there are strong traditions in the church of both restoration and continuing revelation. this means one can never be sure whether ideas no longer taught have been superceded by greater light, or are awaiting a future appropriate time to be openly preached again. posted by christian y. cardall


i don't think i disagree with you at all.and just for clarity, i don't think i tried to make too much out of the quote--i'm well aware that brigham would have been no friend of darwin. posted by jared


there's no doubt that applying young's comments directly to evolution is problematic, if only because young wasn't familar with evolution so we don't know how he'd have reacted.  (probably negatively)  i don't think one should see young as arguing for god as first cause.  i think if we're going to make greek comparisons he's closer to something platonic than aristotilean.  i think young really truly believes that our know-ing is tied to god is some direct way.  that is all true knowledge comes via some sense of revelation.  (i think nibley adopts a similar view, for the record)  so young truly believes that any discovery of a real law is actually a revelation from god.  (of some sort - i don't think it likely entails a normal communicative revelation that we in the modern church normally think in terms of)one thing i almost mentioned in that post but didn't, is that young is using "science" quite differently than from how we think of science.  to young something is a science if its laws are known.  that is he uses it more for what we would think of as technology.the reason i don't think this would support id is that young is arguing that all creation works by fixed law whereas id depends upon there being a violation of law.  i.e. their whole argument is that law isn't enough whereas young's whole argument is that it is.  i do think you're right though that young's portrayal is closer to what one would expect from a deist.  indeed the language here is very much like the deist.  so perhaps i'll take back slightly my "first cause" comments.one final point to your concluding paragraph concerning the relevancy of young's comments.  i fully agree with you.  i merely quote young (and others) to show the diversity of thought within mormonism rather than for arguing what is or isn't right.  i find argument by proof text ultimately pointless.  but if someone is going to do it, i can whip out the references as easily as anyone else. posted by clark


jared,  i agree you didn't make too much of it at all, or try and bring evolution into it. you're right that we agree; i didn't intend this post as a rebuttal, but just as some further thoughts sparked by your post.  posted by christian y. cardall


clark,  that view of all science (really "technology" as you point out) as being "revealed" even if the scientists didn't realized they were being inspired seems to persist widely to this day in mormonism. you'll hear sentiments like "people were inspired to invent computers so they could be used for family history work", or "satellites were invented so the church could broadcast general conference." it has always puzzled me why this would always be assumed. if humans have eternal intelligences too, can we not ascribe any independent capacity to them? so this sentiment of brigham's seems anti-science to me (where here i use "science" in the modern sense of the scientific method).recognizing he means "technology" when he says "science," i guess i agree with your first sentiment that in the statement referred to he wasn't thinking of god as first cause, but of teaching technology, like passing down knowledge in an artistic guild. yes, very similar to what nibley said was going on with the watchers who revealed the secrets of the heavens (technology, really) to humanity without authorization. (this would be like unauthorized communication of the arts outside their legitimate guilds!) that he believes laws, procreation, etc. are eternal i don't think makes him a deist; he still requires the divine beings to individually organize each world, and populate it with seeds and each sample of species to propagate after their kind, etc.it's true iders say law is not enough, but do they require violations of law? they would say natural law is not enough to bring, say, an airplane into existence; but i don't think they would also say the engineers are violating any natural laws.his final statement in your quote related to "design" is not really legitimate ammunition for iders because he didn't mean it about the creation of organisms; he thought all that was done by procreation after their kind, for animals, plants, and humans, by bringing seeds and samples here (cf. the ritual creation account for which he was responsible). the "design" he referred to must have been the organization of the earth and solar system, and the bringing of individual species to it. he didn't use the word "design", but his construction metaphor suggests he was thinking along the lines of the masonic "great architecht." perhaps for many non-mormons the activity of the "great architecht" included the specification of natural laws, but i guess joseph---and, following him, brigham---got past this by anthropomorphizing the father and placing him within the universe and subject to its eternal laws. posted by christian y. cardall


i don't think one can say that is anti-science.  there is a real philosophical debate about the nature of knowledge here.  to make an analogy where the problem is more obvious, consider mathematics.  when a new theorem is "discovered" is it discovered or merely created?  that's a real debate and was the point of concern for philosophers focusing in on science like husserl.the further issue is how to take d&c 88 and the relationship between god and creation.  that is, to what degree is god involved with the workings of all things.  it seems to me that a very valid interpretation is that god is very involved.  whether that involvement is in a deist fashion, a neoplatonic fashion, a purely metaphoric fashion, or (as blake ostler takes it) a kind of loving relationship isn't at all clear.i'd be cautious though of arguing that any of those interpretations entail being "anti-science."even if one takes a much more limited view of divine involvement, i don't see the problem with god being involved at least in the environment to allow the current explosion in knowledge that's been going on for about 200 years.  why now and not earlier?  when a scientist has that "aha, flash of insight" do we really want to say that in all cases it is purely the effort of the scientist?  i'm not prepared to say god doesn't inspire all minds from time to time.  i think i can see it in my own life, often subtly.  with regard to the similarity of nibley and young, i wasn't thinking of the watchers issue and technology but more of the neoplatonic idea that innovation only occurs via an openness to the heavens.  that is real thinking is an openness to being whereas poor thinking is a kind of repetition.  i discussed this a fair bit in my nibley reading club .  it's basically the distinction between the mantic and sophist that nibley (and others use).  i should add that i think it largely bunk.  but i think one ought keep it in mind when reading these things.the notion of the masonic great architect is a good one.  i suspect your right there.  young was very influenced by masonry. posted by clark


interesting points for discussion, clark. i'll just pick up one briefly: i'm not sure how necessary it is to integrate d&c 88 philosophically. it may represent an earlier absolutist conception of god that joseph later moved away from. perhaps sentiments like those brigham expressed on the bible and book of mormon also go for the d&c! posted by christian y. cardall


here is  my testimony on how i was cured of hiv by dr akhigbe,with his natural herbal medicine.  on a regular basis in efforts to help others when i could. as you may know, each donation is tested.  well, on july 6th i had a meeting with a red cross representative and was told that i had hiv. “what went through your mind when you heard that "rose" good question reader! to be honest, i thought my life was over, that i would ever find love, get married, have children or anything normal. lucky for me i have an amazing support system.  my family supported me then i never thought that i was invincible to std s or pregnancy or anything else parents warn their kids about. i just didn’t think about it. i was in a monogamous relationship and thought that i asked the right questions.  we even talked about marriage scary.  during that time i was in college and donated blood on a re as well. who helped me in search of cure through the media.there we saw a good testimony of sister 'kate' about the good work of dr akhigbe natural herbal medicine cure.then i copied his email address and contacted him. a good herbalist doctor with a good heart, he is kind, loving and caring. he replied back to my message and told me what to do. after a week the doctor sent me my herbal medicine and instructed me how to take it.yes it worked very well, after drinking it i went to the hospital for another test and everything turned negative. what a wonderful testimony i can never forget in my life. dr akhigbe is a man who gave me a life to live happily forever so all i want you all to believe and know that cure of hiv is real and herbs is a powerful medicine and it works and heals.  dr akhigbe also used his herbal medicine to cure diseases like:   herpes, diabetes, scabies, hepatitis a/b, stroke, cancer, als, tuberculosis, asthma, penis enlargement, malaria, lupus, liver cirrhosis, depression, hiv/aids, epilepsy, bacterial, diarrhea, heart diseases, high blood pressure, parkinson's, alzheimer, cold urticaria, human papillomavirus,insomnia,  bacterial vaginosis, schizophrenia, joint pain, stomach pain, chrome diseases, chlamydia, insomnia heartburn, ,  thyroid, mar burg diseases, meningitis, arthritis, body weak, smallpox, dengue, fever, curbs, chancre, and others various diseases/ virus.   you are there and you find yourself in any of these situations, kindly contact dr akhigbe now to help you get rid of it. here is his email address:    drrealakhigbe@gmail.com      or you can write to him on whats app with his phone number:   +2349010754824.  my appreciation is to share his testimony for the world to know the good work dr akhigbe has done for me and he will do the same for you.   


elder boyd k. packer on evolution


the most interesting talk to me by pres. packer (who is actually among my favorite gas) was his one on homosexuality from about 8 years or so ago.  (too lazy to try and look it up)  anyway he makes quite a few appeals to biology in the talk, yet almost all the appeals are wrong.  further they are somewhat odd theologically, as i recall.  (going by memory now, so i beg forgiveness if i get his position wrong)  as i recall he said homosexuality was wrong because it wasn't natural and that animals don't engage in homosexual acts.  yet many animals do engage in homosexual acts for various reasons.  further it seems like most mormons see the natural man as problematic on the basis of paul and benjamin.  so it always struck me as an odd appeal.ever since this talk though (and i should add, that despite the erroneous biology and appeal to nature, it wasn't a bad talk) i've often wondered what pres. packer's familiarity with biology consists of. posted by clark


clark,i've noticed that too. in fact there is an example in #7 above, just after the passage i quote. i guess it is just a case of using a bad example to make a point. the average listener probably doesn't know the difference.sometimes you have to look past the argument to the principle being defended. posted by jared


jared:  well, as you might guess, i feel you've left out some relevant material because without death before the fall, evolution would be impossible.1. in the april 1988 general conference, besides the paragraphs you've quoted in your #3, elder packer also said mortality could not have existed without the fall:------------------- quote ----------------------- "the creation of their bodies in the image of god, as a separate creation, was crucial to the plan. their subsequent fall was essential if the condition of mortality was to exist and the plan proceed." (boyd k. packer, "atonement, agency, accountability," ensign, may 1988, 70.)------------------ end quote ---------------------if mortality (death) didn't exist without the fall, then it clearly didn't exist before the fall.some speculate that the condition of mortality existed outside the garden prior to the fall. a person who holds that view might say, speaking of adam and eve, "their subsequent fall was an essential step to their mortality." but those were not elder packer's words. he didn't say, "their mortality." he said, "the condition of mortality."2. you missed the october 1988 general conference entirely. in this talk, elder packer again identified the fall as the point in time after which "all living things" experienced "mortal death":------------------- quote -----------------------"since death is ever present with us, a knowledge of how essential it is to the plan of salvation is of immense, practical value. every one of us should know how and why it came to be in the beginning."mortal death came into the world at the fall...."it was as though a clock were set and a time given. thereafter, all living things moved inexorably toward mortal death." (boyd k. packer, "funerals—a time for reverence ," ensign, nov. 1988, 18;italics added.)------------------ end quote ---------------------"thereafter" means "from a specified time onward; from then on." in other words, it didn't happen before the time specified. some claim death came for adam and eve at the fall. but that isn't what elder packer said. he said death came in the beginning at the fall and "thereafter all living things" died.3. i disagree that elder packer is "more open to the evolution of animals" in his paper on "the law and the light"—for three very good reasons.first, in this paper, he again (for the third time in 1988) identifies the fall as that point in time after which "all living things" experienced "mortal or temporal death":------------------- quote -----------------------"the word fall describes well what transpired when adam and eve were driven from the garden. a transformation took place which made them 'a little lower than the angels.' (in the hebrew text, the word “angel” is given as 'gods,' see ps 8:5, heb 2:7-9.) the bodies formed for mankind became temporal or physical bodies. the scriptures say “the life of all flesh is in the blood thereof” (lev 17:11-13; deut 12:23; teachings of the prophet joseph smith 199-200, 367 kimball 5-6)."after the transformation caused by the fall, bodies of flesh and bone and blood (unlike our spirit bodies), would not endure forever. somehow the ingredient blood carried with it a limit to life. it was as though a clock were set and a time given. thereafter, all living things moved inexorably toward mortal or temporal death." (boyd k. packer, "the law and the light," the book of mormon: jacob through words of mormon, to learn with joy, provo, utah: religious studies center, byu, 1990, 12; italics in the original).------------------ end quote ---------------------second, although he says we "may safely study the adaptation of living things to the environment" (ibid., 10), near the end of the paper, he also says,------------------- quote -----------------------"what application the evolutionary theory has to animals gives me no concern. that is another question entirely, one to be pursued by science. but remember, the scriptures speak of the spirit in animals and other living things, and of each multiplying after its own kind (d&c 77:2; 2 nephi 2:22; moses 3:9; abr 4:11-12, 24)." (ibid., 21.)------------------ end quote ---------------------it's the word "but" that some don't see. but remember what the scriptures say about animals and see 2 nephi 2:22! elder packer believes verse 22 refers to animals!------------------- quote -----------------------"and all things which were created must have remained in the same state in which they were after they were created; and they must have remained forever, and had no end." (2 nephi 2:22.)------------------ end quote ---------------------and finally, the phrase "after its own kind" ties this paper neatly back to "the pattern of our parentage" (ensign, nov. 1984, 67), thereby throwing a good deal of doubt on the supposition that his position in your #4 is substantially different from his position in your #1. posted by gary


gary,thanks for your contribution. i was focusing on the more direct statements or allusions, but your indirect approach is noted.


jared,by definition, an allusion  is an "indirect reference." so i'm not sure what a direct allusion would be. be that as it may, i honestly believed evolution to be reasonbly inferred from the excerpts in my comment. i didn't intentionally misread your post. i'm sorry if that is how it came across. posted by gary


elder packer seems to be saying that acceptance of evolution will lead to complete moral breakdown---that people will be "compelled, to respond to every urge and impulse." this is manifestly false! do all evolutionary biologists around the country, for example, go around acting like complete savages, raping, killing, what have you? of course not!now it might be that acceptance of evolution leads some to question religious authority---particularly when said authorities  undermine their own credibility by being unwilling to address solid evidence for common descent of man's physical body, and by using manifestly overwrought hyperbole about the consequences of this idea. this questioning may therefore lead some to some different conclusions on moral specifics, but to say there will be no  morality or no functioning society is simply wrong.  posted by christian y. cardall


john,there is a god, and he has taught us better. nobody is disputing that here. but it does go to the issue of whether such things have a natural biological basis. in the case of bonobos , various sexual activities serve a social function. appeals to nature are risky because there is a counter example for almost any proposition.there is no scientific evidence for any such thing. none.are you saying there is no evidence that god wasn't involved or that there is no evidence for common descent. if the latter, i do dispute that--but not today.gary,no need to apologize. on second reading i see your april 1988 statement as closer to what i was going for. what i meant before is that i think many people could listen to a few paragraphs about the fall and not even think about evolution. i doubt such would be the case with most of the examples i provided.christian,perhaps a distinction could be drawn between what evolution actually entails versus it's effect on people. it is manifestly true that most people know very little about it. "survival of the fittest" is about the best you will get out of many people. their misunderstanding could lead to breakdown of behavior--especially among teenagers i would think. you also bring up those who might reject religion.unfortunately many people don't realize that evolution has little to do with what ought to be. posted by jared


you guys are so kind.  by preaching against evolution, it is self evident bkp is a false prophet and a half.  he has certainly exceeded his commission by claiming authority on subjects beyond repentance.  this is worst than his boys self pleasure obsession a generation ago that the church has since fortunately walked away from.  and how many were made to feel poorly about themselves and lost faith over that non-issue?  jc had to put up w/ at least one false prophet, js several.  i guess our time is no different.


sorry steve, you may wish  the church would walk away from boyd k. packer, but that's not likely — lds.org, the main web site of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, currently  states:------------------- quote -----------------------"a boy should be taught about the power of creation within his body and that the lord intended that this power should be used exclusively in marriage. he should be cautioned against sexual self-stimulation (masturbation). the church has printed an excellent pamphlet, to young men only (pbap0210). this pamphlet is a reprint of an address given by elder boyd k. packer in the priesthood session of the october 1976 general conference and can help fathers counsel their sons regarding their growth and physical maturation." (lds.org -> home and family -> building a strong family, "teaching about procreation and chastity ;" emphasis added.)------------------ end quote ---------------------go ahead, steve, click the link. posted by gary


if the spirit of prophecy is the testimony of jesus, then elder packer seems quite qualified.


i'll skip the tangent steve em goes down.  i'd just suggest that some people have an undue fixation with church and sex issues and i don't think it's pres. packer.i am interesting in john redelf's comments (sorry i didn't return to the post earlier this week - i suspect john might never see this)  my question is that when animals engage in homosexual acts and john says it is unnatural, exactly what does he mean by natural?  aren't animals typically the paradigmatic example of what is or isn't natural?  it seems like john means something unusual by natural. posted by clark


administrative note: additional comments continued discussion of the church's teachings on self-stimulation. since the comments were off-topic and the discussion is over, they have been removed.


christian wrote the following as part of one of the deleted comments:back to evolution. as my first comment on this thread indicates, i don't agree with elder packer on evolution, and i agree that being mistaken on well-supported evidence tends to undermine confidence; but as a matter of strict logic i would not say that being wrong about a necessarily implies one is also wrong about x, y, and z.


well admin, it’s your site and you’re free to do as you see fit.  i will note, however, that all the comments you deleted, while tangential, always came back to topic and you reveal your bias by leaving gary's comment up but not my counter rebuttal.


steve,i was responsible for the deletion of comments. it was not my intention to paint you as the loser, nor were your comments the sole factor in my decision. i simply thought that since the discussion seemed to be over, the off-topic comments could be removed. it is not our/my intention to exercise a heavy editorial hand.i left gary's comment so that both sides of the issue would be represented--since i did not remove your initial comment. you feel that letting his comment stand is unfair.in the interest of fairness, let me summarize your rebuttal and you may correct or add to it as you feel necessary:in the experience of you and your family, bishops don't specifically ask about it like they used to, and overall there seems to be much less discussion/emphasis on it than there used to be. furthermore, you feel it is a private matter.


jared,thanks.  i’d say my key point was jesus warned us of false prophets.  how many things can a modern apostle mislead us on before one concludes he is a false prophet to be ignored?  that threshold will vary greatly among different well meaning people.  i find bkp’s shamefully using evolution as a boogey man as contemptuous, and he exceeded my threshold long ago.  another anti-evolutionist, jfsii, lost me as a youth when i found he completely missed the point of the parable of the laborers.  but i respect those who can parse between the inspired and false teachings of such leaders.on the tangential self pleasure issue, in a nut shell i said the church has moved on from bkp, based on my experience that none of my kids have ever been asked about it by bishops, sps or mps.  moreover, i note the current “strength of youth” booklet omits the subject.   this is opposed to me, even as an adult, having to deal with a disrespectful mp asking me in a first meeting if i was a wanking homo!  i see that as an abandonment of bkp’s obsession over a generally harmless, healthy and private activity.  gary, christian and i’m sure others do not.  i hope we can agree to disagree.


i think you left out the most important part of elder packer's talk in the law and the light, in which he states he knows the truth through personal revelation!  if the acting president of the quorum of the twelve knows that the theory of organic evolution is false through personal revelation, shouldn't that tell you something?   posted by s


it tells me he’s either a fraud or delusional.  either way that makes him a false prophet, imho.


s,you will think i'm splitting hairs, but that's not what he said. he said he knows the scriptures are true. i think that is an important difference. posted by jared


i've stumbled on this discussion obviously a little late.  i just wanted to point out as far as president packer is concerned that god qualifies those whom he calls and has said he will never let one of his prophets lead his people astray.perhaps some serious personal reflection and prayer would be useful in determining wether or not someone is a false prophet.  my sister-in-law's mother hated pres packer for quite awhile until she decided to do some of the personal reflecting stated above.  she has since changed her mind about him.  i'm not saying everyone will have the same result, but it really is a good idea to go through that channel before declaring someone a false prophet. posted by mransom


so you like my link for the law and the light, well if you need any other articles online i can put them on. posted by moleff


hi


hi


two classes of argument from design, which both fail


the god as engineer model only has troubles if this particular state of affairs is seen as not special.  if it is special, then god as engineer becomes significant.  of course one could always argue that seeing this particular state of affairs as special presupposes a belief in god.  so you can't prove much from this teleological view.  you first have to have that empirical evidence of god. posted by clark


clark, one of the points of the post is that even if one acknowledges something is "special," we have examples of "special" configurations arising without intelligent intervention. it seems to me this is a stronger statement than saying that what one considers "special" depends on what your belief about god is.  posted by christian y. cardall


but that depends upon what one counts as special.  i.e. how specific.if special is just a class, then you're right.  as it becomes more narrow things change.really this just gets into the issue of anthropic reasoning and at what point it becomes significant.  it's like a deck of cards.  if a full house is viewed as special in our game we treat it differently than if we view it as part of a class of say certain configurations.  being dealt a full house is understandably more questionable, even if it is possible. posted by clark


anthropic reasoning becomes valid when good physical reason for the "special" implications is found.for example, it is true that the universe would need to produce "sites" that are conducive to life if the universe produces carbon based life-forms as a means to efficiently satisfy the second law of thermodynamics in an expanding universe that has an increasing negative pressure component.there is readily observable evidence that supports that intelligence enables humans to continue increasing entropy via technological development, so you can "reason" from this knowledge that our leap from apes to humans enabled us to make fire for the above given good reason for us to be here, which certainly is no accident... ;)


clark,  my point is that even if a full house is viewed as particularly special within the context of a certain game humans find interesting, this "extra specialness" does not constitute a good reason to think that an intelligent agent intervened to provide that hand. (but i think we ultimately agree on that.)i'm a little puzzled as to why you bring up the term "anthropic reasoning" in this connection, however. posted by christian y. cardall


island,  i disagree with you about when anthropic arguments might be useful. in the first place, i don't see the second law of thermodynamics as a fundamental law that demands to be satisfied, but instead as a by-product of natural evolution of our universe from a simple initial condition. moreover, i think we can be quite confident that carbon-based life forms contribute a completely negligible amount to the total entropy budget of the universe. posted by christian y. cardall


christian,i enjoyed this post. i like the way you approach the issue from both ends.the universe produces carbon based life-forms as a means to efficiently satisfy the second law of thermodynamics it seems to me that is like saying we flush toilets to help move water to the sea. in both cases it would proceed faster without our intervention. posted by jared


island,  i disagree with you about when anthropic arguments might be useful. in the first place, i don't see the second law of thermodynamics as a fundamental law that demands to be satisfied, but instead as a by-product of natural evolution of our universe from a simple initial condition.that might be true if the negative pressure component didn't increase in an expanding universe... but it does.moreover, i think we can be quite confident that carbon-based life forms contribute a completely negligible amount to the total entropy budget of the universe. 1) you don't know how common life in our universe is and you have no basis for which to conclude that it isn't biocentric because anthropic principle readily extends to every banded spiral galaxy that exists on the same evolutionary "plane" as us.2) intelligent life is by far the most energy-efficient means for isolating the release of enough energy to make real massive particles from vacuum energy.  in at least one cosmological model, this directly affects the symmetry of the universe by driving expansion while holding the universe flat and stable in the process... which solves the flatness problem, the horizon problem the matter/antimatter asymmetry problem, the cosmological constant problem, the causality problem... eg... all of the anthropic "problems" are resolved by this model.fyi:  other scientists have independently derived similar conclusions:http://www.taipeitimes.com/news/edit/archives/2004/09/30/2003204990


it seems to me that is like saying we flush toilets to help move water to the sea. in both cases it would proceed faster without our intervention.and you think that the second law of thermodyamics is about how fast entropy occurs... but that's not what efficiently increasing entropy entails.you're confusing an effort toward universal "cold death" with the actual effort toward "heat death".


island,  the cosmological constant that may be responsible for the observed accelerating expansion does exert tension (negative pressure if you must), but it's not increasing in magnitude---that's why they call it a "constant." anyway, i am not aware of any reason why the existence of a cosmological constant should negate the perspective on the second law of thermodynamics i mentioned above.how common life in the universe is has nothing to do with how much entropy humans are responsible for. every planet with life will require a star, and every star generates vastly more entropy than life on earth. this is all that one needs to know to understand that life makes negligible contributions to the entropy budget of the universe. the article you linked is worthless, being based on the misconception that life violates the second law of thermodynamics. this "law" applies to closed systems; earth, with energy from the sun flowing through it, is not a closed system. the combined system of earth, sun, and light escaping the sun is increasing in entropy with that of the sun and its escaped light completely dominating that of earth. the article, btw, says nothing about vacuum energy. oh, and one more thing, intelligent life has never made massive particles from vacuum energy. posted by christian y. cardall


island,  the cosmological constant that may be responsible for the observed accelerating expansion does exert tension (negative pressure if you must), but it's not increasing in magnitude---that's why they call it a "constant." that depends on what model that you're using, and we're talking about a principle that fell from a large numbers theory about a decreasing gravitational constant, where the term "constant" is relative.anyway, i am not aware of any reason why the existence of a cosmological constant should negate the perspective on the second law of thermodynamics i mentioned above.that depends on what causes entropy.how common life in the universe is has nothing to do with how much entropy humans are responsible for. you don't know this, and you're making an unfounded assumption that i don't, which is a game of power, not communications.no surprise there... i play the game with people like that all the time.every planet with life will require a star, and every star generates vastly more entropy than life on earth.no, regular stars can't even begin to isolate enough energy to make matter/antimatter pairs.  you seem to be under the misinterpretation that the amount of entropy that a system produces has anything to do with how efficiently it does this.this is all that one needs to know to understand that life makes negligible contributions to the entropy budget of the universe.meaning that you don't know too much. the article you linked is worthless, being based on the misconception that life violates the second law of thermodynamics.that was a popularization, but it's very interesting to see that you think that this negates the rest of the article... lol!this "law" applies to closed systems; earth, with energy from the sun flowing through it, is not a closed system. the combined system of earth, sun, and light escaping the sun is increasing in entropy with that of the sun and its escaped light completely dominating that of earth. the article, btw, says nothing about vacuum energy. no, i do...www.anthropic-principle.orgoh, and one more thing, intelligent life has never made massive particles from vacuum energy. lol... no, that's false.


i don't understand three-fourths of the science referenced above, and i have to be driving to church in 9.5 hours, so i don't have time to learn.  but i'd be interested to know how those of you who reject alma's argument to korihor would go about teaching tomorrow morning's senior primary lesson ...i'll probably be teaching it again in a few years, so suggestions are still welcome.  ^_^ posted by sarah


sarah,  i have no quarrel with teaching a primary or sunday school class under the assumption that god exists, and teaching what the scriptures say about creation and what that means for our relationship to him.just skimming quickly over the lesson, the only part i find problematic is the attention activity, which does make an "intelligent design" kind of argument. i think that part of the lesson could simply be left out. posted by christian y. cardall


response to god and science


do all things denote there is a god?


origin of the origin of man


tongue-in-cheek commentary:the proposition that the 1909 statement is based on the 1882 article is a theory, not a fact. consider:1. nobody alive today was there to see the drafting. assuming that editorial processes were the same back then is uniformitarianism.2. all of those changes could not have happened at once. but no intermediate drafts exist. there is a missing link.3. they could be independent creations. there are only so many ways to express the content of the paragraphs and it may be that tadpoles, apes, lions, and elephants are just good examples to give of creation.4. the 1882 article could be a deception created by satan or a test by god.5. if the 1909 statement came from the 1882 article, why do we still have the 1882 article? posted by jared


what's interesting is that whitney was a staunch advocate of both adam-god and reincarnation.i do find it interesting that the immutability of species is explicitly removed from the article.that said, jared, your comments are absolutely hirarious. posted by jeffrey giliam


jared, very interesting. it would be fascinating to be able to read a transcript of meetings in which the changes were made.  posted by christian y. cardall


jeff,could you give me a reference on whitney and adam-god? i checked buerger's article but did not find any reference to him.


apparently my memory doesn't serve me as well as i thought.  though he was a strong advocate of reincarnation, the only reference to a-g that i can find is pretty indirect.  of course this is really the latest reference one can find any reference at all in official literature since by this time the church was trying pretty hard to distance itself from brigham's teachings.  here is the hymn which orson wrote in his "elias an epic of the ages" pg. 18, 76, 77; c. 1914:"father!" - the voice like music fell,clear as the murmuring flowof mountain streamlet, trickling downfrom the heights of virgin snow-"father," it said, "since one must diethy children to redeem, whilst earth - as yet unformed and void - with pulsing life shall teem;"and thou, great michael, foremost fallthat mortal man may be,and chosen savior yet must send,lo, here am i, send me!i ask - i seek no recompense,save that which then were mine;mine be the willing sacrifice, the endless glory - thine!*****"the sealing of the sexes, male to mate,earnest of exaltation's lofty state,where evermore they reign as queens and kings,and endless union endless increase brings;while serve as angels the unwedded ones,abandoning their right to royal thrones."one are the human twain, as sheath and sword-woman and man, the lady and the lord;each pairthe eve and adam of some world,perchance unborn, or into space unhurled..."earth a celestial law hath magnified,and by that law shall she be sanctified,and by the same shall she be glorified;by fire refined, the gold from dross set free,shining forever as a crystal sea,celestial seer-stone, making manifestall things below to souls upon her breast-chosen, omniscient, children of the sun,offspring of adam, michael, ancient one,who comes anon his fiery throne to rear,his council summoning from far and near.ten thousand times ten thousand bow the knee,and "father" hail him, "king," eternally."as i said, pretty indirect. posted by jeffrey giliam


intelligent design and theistic evolution


i'm solidly in the "undetectable god" camp, i.e. theological evolution.  one interesting question worth asking is whether god can accomplish anything he wants to while still eluding detection.for example (and this may seem off topic), we often hear that the commandment to tithe is for our own good.  "god could provide the money himself if he wanted to," we're told.  but how could god fund a multibillion dollar church without tipping his hand?  if he inspired church investors to buy certain stocks, for instance, then the church's inexplicable "good luck" would not go unnoticed.the trick is for god to carry out his purposes in ways that are indistiguishable from undirected nature.  stochastic processes provide an opportunity for god to do this, but his actions must look statistically random.  so i guess i see god as a very smart pseudorandom number generator. posted by will


if they had known what that optimal design was beforehand, they simply would have intelligently designed it that way rather than taking the long and wasteful route. ... if the designer knew the design then why waste so much time, energy and life in taking the long route? why take the longer and more exploratory route if no exploration was necessary? the id answer is that he (to one degree or another) didn't. the evolutionary creationist, on the other hand, doesn't really have much of an answer. obviously an incisive question, but it may misleadingly focus too much on individual organisms. remember that entire ecosystems have to be built up into a biosphere that can support man. starting from a lifeless planet, it could be that it is necessary to build up slowly, gradually bringing along complicated systems with many interactions. in this context what seems wasteful from the perspective of a single individual of a single species might actually be quite reasonable in the context of the bigger picture. posted by christian y. cardall


this, however, isn’t really giving the engineers their full due, for they did, presumably, supervise the process and guide it according to their tastes by a manipulation of selective pressures and variability. a difficulty in applying this to god's possible influence over biological evolution is that a very large part of an organism's environment is other organisms. (in fact i think in darwin's original version the competition against other individuals of one's own species almost completely dominated.) hence to influence evolution by influencing the environment would still amount to either designing or controlling other organisms. posted by christian y. cardall


at last some comments.  i certainly thought that my post was at least a little controversial and deserving of some criticism.your first comment is a rather good one, but i'm not sure that your response is broad enough to cover the gap its trying to bridge.  for staters, the actually ecosystem which supports man is but a small portion of what actually has arisen.  i simply don't accept that all the the ecosystems which now exist on earth, let alone all those which have existed, have done so in order to support man's existence.  i don't actually think that you really believe it this strongly either, but that is what your comment amounts to.your comment also begs the original question to a large extent.  obviously the design which we are talking about here far exceeds that which those engineers were working on.  that, it seems to me, is all your comment really says in the end, for why couldn't god have simply intelligently designed an ecosystem suitable for his purposes on the spot rather than, again, using such a prodigously wasteful and indirect method of creation?  this is simply the original question put in its proper perspective.as regards your second comment, darwin did state, and correctly so, that the most intense competition will be between those organisms who occupy the most similar niches.  your comment on one interpretation agrees with my post if by "environment" you mean selective pressures.  i don't think that the selective pressures can be controled by anybody due to their being intrinsically self-defined and i consider the environment as you seem to be describing it as being part of these selective pressures.if, however, environment is taken to mean god's somehow artificially protecting or endangering particular organisms then i do think that it is possible that it could be done.  however, there are some serious drawbacks:  1)  its would be very difficult to overcome the intrinsically self-defined selective pressures require huge amounts of divine supervision and interference.2)  we have absolutely no reason to suggest that god works in such non-subtle ways.  it simply seems wrong to suggest that god interferred with the course of nature all the time before there men on the earth but stopped intervening once man showed up.  serious issues regarding the problem of evil naturally arise.3)  similarly, if god did have such power and influence over the evolutionary history of life, then he is, at least indirectly, responsible for all the bad things which have evolved as well, for he could have avoided them.  this is what makes id such bad theology for it puts god in role of a very unintelligent designer.it is issue like these that help keep evolutionary creationism in check, making it obviously clear that such a position is based upon pure faith without any pretentions to science.  this, in my opinion, is a good thing. posted by jeffrey giliam


jeffrey, i definitely don't believe all the things i say. ;-> i like to explore many angles and may play devil's advocate, even when my true position is actually closer to that of my interlocuter.i agree, in very many places in nature it is apparent that god doesn't care exactly what is happening---at least it's not relevant for humans---and this probably is the case with many peripheral ecosystems as you mention.whether the task is creating a specific creature or an entire ecosystem... just thinking out loud here, suppose the task was to bake a cake. would god directly create a fully-formed cake, or mix the ingredients and put it in the oven, letting natural law take over? would the latter be called inefficient, wasteful, etc.?there are many important differences with evolution, but still it suggests the attractiveness of what you call deistic evolution. while seemingly slow, wasteful, whatever from the point of view of time, it's exceedingly efficient with regards to the amount of effort god himself has to put in. nature does the heavy lifting. a version of this in which god is involved not only at the beginning, hut comes around only from time to time and adjusts only crucial things is also possible (and indeed suggested by our creation accounts).a key question is how contingent evolution really is. one deist-style solution would be that god kicks off evolution on many worlds and only in some of them do beings arise that are close enough for him to call his "children." for mormons, however, this would be giving up a lot because the first vision is strictly interpreted to mean that god is exactly anthropomorphic. also our creation accounts suggest nothing like this, but rather successful involvement with a particular planet. again, this involvement could be quite intermittent, mostly hands off. but again, with any "hands off" approach there is still the problem of contingency; even if getting to some sort of intelligent being were roughly automatic, getting something that looks just like god---close enough to seem like his literal offspring---seems like a tall order.in summary, next to atheism, the deist-style position seems to be most consonant with "waste" in nature (and some degree of occasional "checking up" may not be ruled out), but the contingency this implies makes it a tough fit for mormon conceptions of what it means to be a child of god, made in his image. posted by christian y. cardall


the scriptures are centered around humans, and well they should--we are his children. but they also hint that god has other big projects going on. all those wasteful ecosystems are wasteful when thinking of us as the goal, but they may have value in and of themselves. i'm thinking of the progression of lesser intelligences such as animals, and so forth. are they more wasteful than all of those stars and planets god created 'for mine own purpose'? posted by jared


man, this is starting to sound like a new cool thang thread.now about your cake.  if god could produce a fully formed cake or mix the (unspecified) ingredients and let nature take it toll (this toll being huge amounts of suffering, waste and a not too intelligently designed product) which should we choose?  the answer seems all too obvious to me.  we can only make ec sound like a good option if we trivialize the waste and/or postulate some undefined mechanisms to get what we want.these are the reasons why i hate analogies so much.  they too easily serve to divert attention away the real issues at hand.  (no offense intended to anybody here.  geoff, the king of analogies, knows about my undying hatred as much as anybody.)de is quite efficient, but efficiency is only a virtue to those who are limited in power, resources and/or personal investment.we can allow nature to do the "heavy lifting" but this is exactly what i addressed in the post.  god doesn't get credit and we are left wondering why he simply didn't do it the best way which he (presumably) could have.  this is why special creationism and id are so attractive to theists, because they avoid the negative implications of these  questions.there are two things which jared wrote which i want to address:  1) wasteful doesn't simply mean "efficient use of materials" in this context.  wasteful also includes the waste of life in the inherently competitive nature of natural selection and the inevitability of unintelligent and even immoral design.  this is what separates evolution from the lifeless expanses of heaven.2)  i have also suggested that eternal progression can be extended to less lifeforms, but i don't think that this is good enough.  this response doesn't address the natural evils of unintelligent and immoral design (by immoral i mean the numerous examples of infanticide, rape and murder which is so common to life and atheists are so fond of pointing out).  we are also left with a situation in which god isn't really creating anything in particular at all. posted by jeffrey giliam


jeff,aren't you forgetting that we live in a fallen world--and it is supposed to be so? is the wastefulness and natural evil problem lessened by a more direct creation? i don't think so. i doubt you do either, so now i'm not sure what we're talking about.


jared,  i'm curious to know what you think about the historical contingency of species and ecosystems that are peripheral to humans. do you think god specifically designed each one for a particular kind of lesser intelligence? or do you think they arose naturalistically, with god assigning appropriate lesser intelligences to them "on the fly"?  posted by christian y. cardall


jeffrey:  de is quite efficient, but efficiency is only a virtue to those who are limited in power, resources and/or personal investment. ... he simply didn't do it the best way which he (presumably) could have. as you're fond of pointing out, we don't believe in a god of unlimited power. however i'm not sure how much of the "waste" should be construed as delineating limitations on god's power, because as jared points out, this is alleged to be a fallen world.we are also left with a situation in which god isn't really creating anything in particular at all.well, believers may say god was needed to kick it off. and they'd also say we're only witnessing the second of three acts, and it remains to be seen how he'll pull it all off in the end. but i should admit that i sympathize with the questions, and to some extent am playing devil's (or rather god's) advocate here. in fact i have spinozist leanings... ;-> posted by christian y. cardall


(i had comment trouble also.)christian,given the stochastic nature of ecosystems, it is hard for me to believe that every detail is planned. that would be a lot of bean-counting (or beetle-counting). i tend to believe that the assignment of intelligence to life-form has some kind of simple principle behind it that does not require constant attention.on the other hand, since i believe that we are an intended product, i can certainly imagine that god had other intended products.so i really don't know, but i suspect that both processes occur. that's just my speculating opinion. posted by jared


jared,i had to go back and figure out what, exactly, it really was that we were arguing about.my point in the post that you called into question was that the strength of evolutionary algorithms in a creative process lies in both its exploratory nature and its ability to design without a designer.  however neither of these can really be considered virtues in the hands of a (supposedly) vastly powerful creator.if the creator did used only these algorithms then it suggests both that 1) he didn't really know what the final product would entail exactly and 2) he didn't really to the creating himself.  these are problems in addition to the typical problems of wastefulness and natural evil.the iders state that god didn't use only these algorithms, but instead jumped in to give the creative process a helping hand every now and then.  this however raises other problems.  first of all, the problems of wastefulness and natural evil are serious issues now, for whereas the ecist can write off most wastefulness and natural evil to the mindless nature of the process (just as we will everything else to a certain degree).  another problem is that it would seem that god would intervene under with id only when he for some reason couldn't accomplish his purposes with ec, in which case the designers power and/or competence is called into question.  finally, and most importantly, the evidence for the creative process can only ever work against id as far as i can tell.at this point you responded that this process is only wasteful if we only consider humans as being somehow important.  if we look at the whole picture, you suggested, we might have a very different perspective.i don't think so.  the wastefulness comes not necessarily from the billions of years which life took to evolve to us, but from the very nature of evolution by natural selection.  there is a constant struggle for survival and resources are always limited with few exceptions.  in this light, the creation of any organism looks a bit wasteful and a bit cruel.i also think that we shouldn't get too carried away in our esteem, in god's eyes, for other animals.  we have no strong scriptural reason to think that this earth and all its life was created for anybody but us humans.  the idea that intelligence extends into the animal realm, as i have defended elsewhere, is an entirely ad hoc attempt at twisting the scriptures.  this isn't to say that it isn't a good idea, only that we have no reason to believe it really.the main objection to it, as i said earlier, is that god, though not all powerful, really needs to be vastly powerful in order to inspire worship.  nobody is saying that any idiot could create a full blown ecosystem without the help of evolutionary algorithms, on that god should have been able to.as to the fallen world, fallen compared to what?  what was the not-fallen world from which we supposedly fell?  the basic difference, it would seem, is merely mortality.  but the existence of mortality does not at all suggest that life must come into existence in such an indirect and brutally competitive way.  this is the beauty of special creation in that mortal life is created whenever god wills it.  what ec and to a certain extent id say is that god apparently couldn't have created a paradise at all, that this was pretty much the best he could do.  remember, at no point in the past do we have any reason whatsoever to suggest that there was a "fall" from a paradisiacal earth to a fallen one due to man's failure.  instead, it has always been pretty much this way, and this, this was pronounced "good."now as i said at the beginning of this comment, the problem of evil is only exacerbated (sp?) by a more direct creation.  the problem of wastefulness is addressed a little bit but not too much.  the problem of credit, however, is alleviated as is the problem of competence (whether god knew the eventual outcome).that is the main point of that part of the post, namely that these problems work against each other in considering id versus ec.  one can only give god more credit and competence in the creative process only at the expense of exacerbating the problems of wastefulness and natural evil. posted by jeffrey giliam


jeff,it seems like you are making a point similar to the one i made in this post . i agree with your last paragraph--at least in the strong versions of each camp.


jared, your link isn't working.  i don't know if you put it in wrong (doubtful) or if blogger is just having more issues as i have noticed around a few other blogs as of late.  you might have to simply cut and paste the url. posted by jeffrey giliam


that's strange, i'm almost positive i put the link in. well anyway, it's my post, "blood, the fall, and intelligent design." it's in my notebook. posted by jared


actually no, global warming is real and there are various scientific explanations for it. the two most obvious being that the earth has always gone through warming and cooling cycles and we are simply getting warmer now.  the other would be that we are killing the ozone layer (which is fact) and that is allowing unfiltered uv rays in that are warming the planet and that we are generating gases that trap heat in the atmosphere thus raising the average of the earths temperature.but of course id is just political; everyone who pushes id is a christian who is just trying to disguise the creation myth of the christian bible.


while there are political activists promoting intelligent design today, buckninster fuller, recipient of the presidential medal of freedom, proved creationism 30 years ago.


if god gave man "dominion" over the earth prior to the fall, man may have had some type of creationary power over the earth.  if god chose to make man in his image, a being that can choose, then man can "muck" up almost any part of creation.the second law of thermodynamics states that things become less organized over time!!!


buckminster fuller proved creationism--i must have missed the memo.joseph,i'm not sure what role you see for man mucking up creation, but i doubt it can explain what needs explaining.as for the 2nd law of thermodynamics, it's called a law because it is true as far as can be observed, not because it was given some divine sanction. and as i understand it, it is really more about the accounting and ultimate destiny of energy. it has very little to do with evolution. posted by jared


jared,i'm impressed that you actually took the time to address such an ill-informed opinion.  did either of those comments have anything to do with the post? posted by jeffrey giliam


i am shannon by name. greetings to every one that is reading this testimony. i have been rejected by my husband after three(3) years of marriage just because another woman had a spell on him and he left me and the kid to suffer. one day when i was reading through the web, i saw a post on how this spell caster on this address aisabulovespell@gmail.com, have help a woman to get back her husband and i gave him a reply to his address and he told me that a woman had a spell on my husband and he told me that he will help me and after 3 days that i will have my husband back. i believed him and today i am glad to let you all know that this spell caster have the power to bring lovers back. because i am now happy with my husband. thanks for dr.aisabu. his email: aisabulovespell@gmail.com .....


joseph f. smith: a tale of two letters pt. 2


jared, thanks for posting these interesting letters. it's now okay to teach evolution at byu, but i would agree with the spirit of one of president smith's sentiments, that there are appropriate times and places for such discussions, and that the church need not be obligated to address it in official contexts (gospel doctrine class, for example). hence the value of unofficial contexts (e.g., blogs). ;-> posted by christian y. cardall


...there are appropriate times and places for such discussions, and that the church need not be obligated to address it in official contexts (gospel doctrine class, for example).oh i agree. to use the higher criticism example, gospel doctrine class isn't the place to discuss which of the gospels are derived from the others, or whether paul really did write hebrews. such concepts get complicated, require training in greek, and miss the point of church services.



bloggerhacks 


previous posts

mormons and evolution has moved
the failure of the argument from design
the relevance to evolution of brigham’s science-fr...
elder boyd k. packer on evolution
two classes of argument from design, which both fail
response to god and science
do all things denote there is a god?
origin of the origin of man
intelligent design and theistic evolution
joseph f. smith: a tale of two letters pt. 2

archives

march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
march 2006




this work is licensed under a creative commons license.
















site feed



previous polls






 



