
















critique circle

















                    sign up!
                  
                   
                


                    log in
                  
















              welcome to critique circle. 



              improve your writing skills in one of the largest and longest-running writing communities on the web.
            



                sign up for free 



 
 












              vibrant writing community
            


              thousands of writers working together to improve their writing.
            








              it's all about reciprocity
            


              critique the stories of others and in turn they will crit your stories.
            









              active forums
            


              discussion groups on nearly any topic under any sun.
            

 
 








              here's how critique circle works.
            

              continuously improve your writing by critting the works of others and building relationships with other authors who will help you with your own manuscript.
            





1

crit
crit a couple of stories to gain enough credits.





2

submit
use your credits to submit your own story for review.





3

rewrite
use the crits to improve your manuscript.





 
 








              our members are our biggest fans.
            


              we don't like to brag, but we don't mind letting our members do it for us. here are a few nice things folks have said about our platform over the years.
            

 





























 


                            “i find cc a brilliant place to polish my ability in writing and read really intriguing chapters from other creative people. i am relatively new to writing but with some more practice on here i am pretty hyped for entering this years nanowrimo.”
                          


david arnett, hartlepool. england.












 


                            “i’d like to thank members of critique circle (www.critiquecircle.com), an online international writing site for all authors, many of whom critiqued my book and significantly improved it.

christine merritt”
                          


christine merritt, milwaukee, wisconsin, usa












 


                            “in a world where some of us writers are deprived of each other, or looked down upon, critiquecircle exists as candy for the mind. we come here to relax, and meet more of our... kind. ”
                          


nick dallien, canada












 


                            “critique circle is my new favorite writing workshop! i might just make it my new home page!”
                          


e. madison cawein, wenatchee,wa. 98801 usa












 


                            “all with one interest - writing.
mixed ages, sex and abilities, genres and opinions.
helpful and encouraging to all would-be writers.
in the many years i have been a member i have benefited enormously from the support.
come and join us!”
                          


dilys white, cheshire england












 


                            “the set-up is really great, and honestly, i couldn't think of a better way for aspiring authors to hone in on the craft. the people are typically nice and it's great to forge, if not friendship, at least mutual respect for other writers.”
                          


kayle kess, usa












 


                            “critique circle has a wide variety of writers who are happy to share their knowledge and experience. joining this site has kept me working through my novel in good times and bad. plus there are many interesting novels in a variety of genres for me to read and critique.”
                          


barbara yurkoski, ottawa ontario canada












 


                            “your story couldn't be shredded in a more constructive manner so:

abandon pride all ye who enter here.  this is where you start to improve...”
                          


len morgan, hullbridge, essex, england












 


                            “
this site is superior to other ones i've joined.  the quality of the reviews and reviewers is exceptional.  i have even gone so far as to advertise this site on other critique websites, because i really do think that this one is best!”
                          


anne jordan, northern california












 


                            “i just wanted to say that all though i've just started by reading a couple of things, this place looks really helpful and awesome.  i'm also impressed with the writing here.  i look forward to visiting often.
:)
”
                          


coral russell, texas






 


 
 




 








tales from the blog



              newest blog posts
            


              the critique circle blog is written by our members and is filled with interesting articles about writing.
            

 



















                    casual semi-plotting
                


                  here, i’m trying to present a very simple example of “plotting thinking” to show how plotting doesn’t have to be this ultra-calculated artificial thing some people (whom you find obnoxious) evangelize and that it doesn’t have to inhibit “discovery” and can enhance it. 
                











                  vidyut gore
                


feb 10






















                    who has time to write?
                


                  how i learned to let go of perfection and write anywhere, anytime, any amount.
                











                  patricia fitzgerald
                


jan 27






















                    outlining
                


                  a guideline to using dan harmon's (creator of rick and morty) story circle outlining methodology. 
                











                  marie m. mullany
                


jan 06




 
 



 










?




                  is critique circle free?
                


                  membership is free and always has been. there is also a premium subscription that you can buy which unlocks additional features and perks.
                






?




                  when was the website started?
                


                  critique circle first came online in october 2003 and has been running continuously ever since. it is one of the oldest writing websites out there.
                








?




                  how active is critique circle?
                


                  we have thousands of members that are actively using the site and are closing in on one million served critiques.
                






?




                  how safe are my stories?
                


                  stories submitted to cc are not considered 'published online' and cannot be found on search engines. you can manage your story accessibility yourself and delete them at any time.
                



 
 








get started



              it's easy and free to join.
            


              come on in, you're in good company.
            


              join us now 


 
 




 










              online writing workshop
            


 





