	 







revival ministries australia








revival ministries australiaan apostolic ministry to the nations
but the comforter, the holy spirit, whom the father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring to your remembrance all that i said unto you. - john 14:26 



revival ministries




home

rma
about rma
rma team
donate



connect
contact us
shiloh christian fellowship
shiloh christian centre
training schools
house churches
discipleship courses
what's on



nationsreaching nations


resources
manuals
books
booklets
teaching tracts
outreach flyers

audio
apostolic training schools
spanish bilingual schools
worship albums



youtube
apostolic training schools
psalms, hymns & spiritual songs
spanish bilingual schools


newsletters
index of manuals & teachings
training schools



our confession
who is jesus
apostles today
what is the church
making disciples
the apostolic call



translations
burmese
spanish
swahili


social






revival ministries australia
an apostolic ministry serving the nations
to make disciples of all nations
matthew 28:18-20
to train and equip workers for the harvest
matthew 9:37 - 10:40; luke 10:1-20
to bring the church to maturity by fathering sons
galatians 4:19; 1 corinthians 4:14-17

"all the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of yahweh as the waters cover the sea. " habakkuk 2:14
discover the awesome mystery of god! download





previous slide◀︎next slide▶︎





apostolic ministry





apostolic ministry





apostolic ministry





apostolic ministry





apostolic ministry





apostolic ministry





apostolic ministry





apostolic ministry





apostolic ministry





apostolic ministry





apostolic ministry





apostolic ministry




"through him we have received grace and apostleship for obedience to the faith, among all nations for his name" romans 1:5


join in fellowship at shiloh christian centre

"a hub of kingdom activity and revival"
continuing in the apostles doctrine, fellowship, breaking bread and prayers (acts 2:42) 
teaching and preaching jesus the christ and making disciples of all nations

a family together in christ for all ages


 
come and find out more by meeting us!
open hours
shiloh christian centre, 19 russell street toowoomba



declaring the whole counsel of god bulletin - discipleship revivalby nicholas jackson

discipleship revival
the great awakening
in these days of apostolic restoration and reformation
of the church, there is a great
awakening occurring among the people of god worldwide.
the spirit is saying to the
churches to “awake to discipleship”. it is time for a
generation to awaken to the great need of
true discipleship and the great desire of jesus to
make and have disciples! the great revival of
our generation is a revival of discipleship!
the call of jesus in the gospel
jesus came to call disciples. jesus came to call
people willing to be learners, willing
to be instructed in a new lifestyle and willing to
imitate him. jesus wants us to “learn from


me, for i am gentle and lowly of heart, and you will
find rest for your souls” matthew


11:29. the call to be a disciple is a call to learn from jesus. the gospel is
the call of
discipleship to learn the ways of the kingdom by
sticking like glue to the king.
repent
when jesus began his ministry he preached “repent,
for the kingdom of heaven is


at hand” matthew 4:17. the revival for each one of us begins with the call to
repent, to be
willing to change. we need to be willing to change our
minds, change our ways and change
our attitudes in order to learn how to live in the
kingdom of heaven. discipleship is learning
how to live in the kingdom of heaven while we are on
earth. we must be willing to change!
the call into discipleship
after preaching of the need to repent then jesus
proceeded to call a few people out
“and jesus…saw two brothers, simon called peter, and
andrew his brother, casting a net
into the sea; for they were fisherman. then he said to
them, “follow me, and i will make

you fishers of men” matthew 4:18-19. it is possible and even probable that simon and
andrew were hoping for this call. they had been a part
of the revival happening at the jordan
river through john the baptist (john 1:35-42)
and andrew had heard john declare jesus to
be the “lamb of god” (jn.1:36).
they knew of jesus. they knew what john had spoken of
jesus. their hearts were yearning for the messiah.
their hearts were prepared for
discipleship.
 continue reading download pdf 
 


*new* the mystery of god would be finished
a journey through the book of revelation  
access below the pdf booklet (click on cover)

and youtube sessions below 





brochures available - 

follow this link to download 
 

   

shiloh centre toowoomba
shiloh centre is a discipleship, training and resource centre to the body of christ.we are open most days of the week and there is often something on that you are welcome to be a part of.
what's on at shiloh?  




new booklets






bible reading planread through in 1 year






revival ministries australia
				shiloh centre
				po box 2718 bc
				toowoomba 4350
phone: 07 4613 0633;
				international: +61 7 4613 0633
				email: rma@revivalministries.org.au


terms of useprivacy policy
web development by bizazz
©2024 revival ministries australia, acn 082 081 098





