









fort chambers, muzzle loading, muzzle, loaders, guns, gunshop, gunshops,
black, powder, muzzle, loading, gunsmiths, gunsmith, ox yoke originals, speer
balls, taylors & co mountain state mfg, birchwood casey, rmc,goex black
powder, ox yoke originals, speer,knight,rifles





































































knight
                                      rifle owners - tired of buying plastic
                                      primer adapters - try one of our multi-use
                                      metal 209 primer adapters - manufactured
                                      by fort chambers gun shop - made in the
                                      usa! - get yours today

attention
                                      knight rifle owners
tired
                                      of using your old plastic primer adapters
want
                                      a new metal 209 primer adapter - click
                                      here
cumberland
                                      valley
wood
                                      carvers











fort chambers inc.   -  black powder
                                        gun shop muzzle loaders are our only business! choose from flint, percussion, inline, gunsmith and black powder. feel free to browse our site by clicking on the links above. 









fort chambers specializes in muzzle loading equipment only! we have been in business for over 25 years, with a combined experience of over 100 years. we stock a wide variety of muzzle loading accessories, which includes leather shooting bags, powder horns, cleaning supplies, building supplies, black powder, and many other parts and accessories for the shooter, hunter, builder.please remember muzzle loading is our only business fort chambers is a distributor for many quality manufacturing companies. we distribute for the following companies: ox yoke originals, speer balls, birchwood casey, rmc, goex black powder.these products are of the finest quality that you have come to expect and rely on. we carry a large selection of parts for you to repair your muzzleloader. if you would like, we have our own in house gunsmith, that can take care of warranty work or repair work as needed. if you would like to build a rifle, we have what it takes to do the job right. at fort chambers we take the time to listen to your problems and to answer questions so that you can:enjoy the sport of muzzle loading welcome to fort chambers! my name is jim.in 1964, i fired my 1st two shots out of a muzzleloader, found out it didn't blow up and in fact, it was fun !!built my 1st muzzleloader. two years later, i quit my machine shop job to spend nearly two years going to gunsmith school in colorado. then to a civil service machine shop for 11 years and opened a gunsmith shop part time for 6 of those years. in 1978, i decided to go full time in the gun shop, specializing in black powder. continued to build rifles and did  a lot of competition shooting. one year, i qualified 6th in the state on the pennsylvania federation of black powder shooters team. even had to go to fort boonesboro, kentucky for the big shoot off, between the states, to see which state had the best shooters. (pa came in second.) the shop grew, family grew, slowed down my rifle building and competition shooting. now after all these years, i have no time to build & very little time to shoot. did join a living history group called the patuxents and for 9 years, we organized and put on the fort frederick market fair in maryland. to date, am still doing gunsmithing in the same store, same place, and found out that our store qualified for the 3rd largest black powder shop in pa. i really enjoy instructing customers on how to build them and shoot them, for hunting or competition.    














we look forward to your next visit to fort chambers, inc. remember to bookmark our web site for future viewing and to check out what’s newand for sale online. www.fortchambers.com hope to see you soon!














 pennsylvania game commission | e-mail fort chambers inc 














              





