

ww3: how will world war three affect you? learn how to prepare - free newsletter















three world wars
tracking the progress of the planned world war three
page loading - please be patient.  you will be well rewarded with information on how to prepare for ww3!



 

 
essential ww3 info

ww3 dates to watch


                world war three was planned

ww3 in detail


                prepare for world war three

ww3 on the radio


ww3 links


                      introduction to conspiratorial history

new world order


                      the new world order timeline


                      albert pike's plan for ww3

ww3 questions answered


                ww2 & ww3 compared


                three world war statistics

war news archives
world war 4


best war books


                hitler's war


                blueprint for war


                total war 2006


                america's war on terror

mother shipton: 
                the missing prophecies


                more war books... 
                
                


  


 

 



 


first time here?


                world war 1

world 
				war 2


                world war 3


                prepare for ww3
























 
looking for the truth of what's going on in this world, and the planned 
  world war 3?

"when a well-packaged web of lies has been sold gradually to the masses
    over generations, the truth will seem utterly preposterous and its speaker a 
    raving lunatic." -- dresden james

amidst an over-abundance of 'information', and a distinct lack of truth, 
  this is where you'll find the most accurate "big picture" presentation of why the world is currently in the state it is.   
people tend to be sucked into irrational behavior en masse.

"men think in herds, go mad in herds, but recover their senses one by one." 
  -- charles mackay

here's your chance to break free from the herd.  while you 
                        might not agree with everything you read here, i take 
                        great care in presenting only verifiable facts.  
  all information is taken from the most reliable sources available and can be 
  verified with a little research.   
but you won't find any of this in 
  your mainstream news sources.  they are controlled, just as news 
  broadcasts during ww1 and ww2 were carefully controlled.  it's called 
  propaganda.



testimonial





i am so thankful to have found your world war three website. 
                you are very brave to speak out the way you do. i have great 
                respect for people like yourself who are willing to do so. far 
                too many are intimidated by various "things". it is so nice to 
                read "the truth". other than your site, i am not seeing a great 
                deal of the truth. your website is a breath of fresh air. thank 
                you for your courage and your scholarship. - harold murray






you and i know that there is a gigantic
cover-up of who the true criminals are.  the mainstream media and 
authorities are complicit, so you'll never hear it from them.  but you will 
hear it from me.
once you understand the real reasons behind current events you'll quickly see who 
the real culprits are.  once you understand why events are unfolding the 
way they are, you'll have a clearer idea of what's in store for us in the not 
too distant future.



testimonial





i can’t begin to tell you how much i enjoy your  world 
                war three site; how much i have appreciated the things you write 
                about and how much i have stretched my own thinking in the 
                months i have been receiving your emails! one of my lifelong 
                passions is to keep growing, keep stretching – and this includes 
                of course subjects one would not always ‘naturally’ gravitate 
                towards. thanks for the incredible amount of time you put in, it 
                is invaluable to me and i know must be a huge sacrifice for you 
                – well, it is an incredible privilege to benefit from your 
                thoughts, passion, direction and research. - 
veronica williams, south africa






discover how close we are to the planned world war three
threeworldwars.com's 1,000 plus quality pages 
					and the free newsletter 
					will explain the mess we find ourselves in, with information such as:



                      an introduction to conspiratorial history - if you want 
						to understand how major world events in the past have 
                      happened by design and not by mistake, 
						this introductory article on the difference between 
                      conspiratorial history and accidental history is a must-read.


                      the new world order timeline - perhaps the best way to relate a brief history of the 
                      new world order, would be to use the words of those 
                      who have been striving to make it real throughout the 
                      ages. you will be amazed at how far back this grand plan 
                      has extended, and how many similarities there are in early 
                      century 21 compared to the 1990's, with two presidents 
                      from the bush family in power.


                      albert pike's plan for ww3 - albert pike received a 
                      vision, which he described in a letter that he wrote, dated august 15, 1871. this letter graphically 
                  outlined plans for three world wars that were seen as 
                  necessary to bring about the one world order, 
                  and we can marvel at how accurately it has predicted events 
                  that have already taken place. 
					

many have found the information on this site life-changing, and their understanding of 
  current world events has been clarified significantly.  
but be warned - you will 
                        be forced to think while reading this site.  the 
                        way you look at life might never be the same again!
you can read hundreds of
                        testimonials from 
  previous visitors who were delighted with what they read.  and some who 
  weren't too impressed, like the chap below:



one of many negative comments





i was reading all the facts that you have and i have to say 
                its a complete load of bull *$#!, i mean its good to prep people 
                for a major thing like the 3rd world war but you could do it 
                with more satisfying facts.. i mean your just adding numbers and deviding the answers into "the devil's address" (666) and 
                another thing, i've noticed that you only have a certain few 
                letters on your front page, isn't that on its own cencorship? i 
                would be truely amazed if you were to acually put a negative 
                responce from a visitor to your website on your front page.. 
                (sic) - dimitri rosner, canada







see all testimonials, 
                      good and bad. (they're not on the front page because 
                      there are hundreds!)

back to top


the planet's most practicalworld war threenewsletter -- free!
over 11,000 thinking individuals, including a number 
                        of retired and serving high-ranking military personnel, 
						  receive the free world war three e-newsletter loaded with 
                        practical, sane and level-headed information you can really use 
to prepare yourself for the planned world war three.  
                        why not 
                        
                        join us?  
nowadays, both online and in print, very few people tell the truth, because
very few people really know what truth is.  what you'll receive is not 
fluff.  there are no empty, rehashed fillers that give you mental constipation.  
i know your time is precious, and i want to give you only useful, meaningful, 
accurate information.  i ignore the noise and analyze the unfolding grand 
plan leading towards inevitable global government.  



testimonial





the  world war three newsletter is very insightful and 
                detailed. your articles stimulate independent thought and are 
                profound. events taking place in today's world are enormously 
                complex with a seriously convoluted tangle of interrelated and 
                unrelated occurrences happening simultaneously. just to sift 
                through this maze and present issues in a logical manner is a 
                challenge itself. then adding historical, social or political 
                elements into the mix makes it a work of art. -
                  boyd 'space cadet'






the vast majority of conspiracy sites excel in spreading fear, 
                        doom and gloom about individual newsworthy events while never providing any practical ideas 
                        about how to prepare for ww3, terrorism or natural 
disasters.  instead the  world war three 
                        newsletter focuses mainly on global trends and how 
separate events are related in the plan for ww3.  i stimulate creative thought and provide timely advice on what you should do to ensure 
                        your family's safety, come what may during the planned 
world war three. 

subscribe free.



testimonial





what definitely sets you apart from the vast majority of 
                authors is your rational approach and your sense of calm, 
                fearless composure, no doubt founded in your faith in god. 
                that's a welcome relief considering all the confused, 
                panic-stricken, emotional disinformation out there. you are in 
                fact a man in a state of peace, in the face of ww3, and that's 
                what makes you different. that peace clearly enables you to 
                actually think, a capacity in short supply today!

                i am grateful that you chose to make this contribution for all 
                of us. as they say, you're a gentleman and a scholar!

                i'm honored to be in cyber-contact with someone who thinks and 
                writes with such vision, clarity, and wisdom. god bless you and 
                your work. - john, san diego







 

sign up for 
						  the free  world war three newsletter
... guaranteed no spam when signing 
						  up! 
subscribing to the  world war three e-newsletter will not 
						  result in you receiving any spam. i hate junk email 
                        even more than you do, so i promise not to flood your 
                        inbox with useless email!  you'll receive 2 
                        carefully researched and professional emails a month, 
                        filled with world war three news you can use - not fluff, fear and 
                        filler.   
still unsure?  see what
                        others are saying 
                        about three world wars.
as a final ethical bribe, if you enter 
						  your details below i will immediately send you 
						  a free must-read bonus report 
                        called "the 
                        police state roadmap".   this 
                        200-page book summarizes all the major themes of the new world order 
                        as they have unfolded in the u.k., europe, and america.  
                        it's my gift to you simply for subscribing today, 
                        


i respect your 
email privacy and promise to never sell, barter, share or rent your email 
address to any unauthorized third party. period! by submitting your email 
address you are requesting and agreeing to be subscribed to my free world war 
three news updates, from which you may unsubscribe as soon as i don't meet the 
high standard you deserve.  (i tell you how in every email.)




testimonial





events here in london have proved you spot on with regards 
                to numerology.  
                thank you so much for the police state roadmap; a succinct 
                précis of the real deal down here now.  i spent a whole night 
                reading it online.  good delivery.  stay safe. - serena 
                martin, london, uk








testimonial





it has also been said on the net that the only hope for the 
                world is the net, and specifically sites such as yours.  you 
                were specially mentioned... i forget where but you have 
                influence.  - anthony austin, author of
                mother shipton: 
                the missing prophecies, england, uk.








testimonial


 
			      threeworldwars.com provides a rational, researched and 
                  documented, review of modern warfare and the events that led 
                  to the armed conflicts in the first place. gone are the 
                  endless vague references to boogieman style templars in league 
                  with satan and little green (or grey if you prefer) men from 
                  zeta reticula. what is left is a very readable, 
                  connect-the-dots approach connecting the ruling elites of the 
                  world in a web of complicity in the armed conflicts of the 
                  past and present. i highly recommend it."
'smiley_k', houston, texas






 


privacy/ security

world war 3 news archive

contact info

top of page
























 
© copyright 2012 threeworldwars.com. all rights reserved. any emails received as part of a subscription to 
  the  world war three newsletter may be forwarded in full to friends and 
family.
obligatory disclaimer: the  contents of this entire website, 
              as well as all emails sent, are based 
              upon the opinions of individual authors, unless otherwise noted. the information on this website is 
			  not intended as advice on which to base life-changing decisions. it is intended as a sharing of 
              knowledge and information from our research. we encourage you to make your own decisions on how this information 
              affects you personally, based upon 
			  your ongoing research and critical thinking.
back to top
 
 





