  bliss creek outfitters cody, wyoming, rusty sanderson, outfitter, elk hunts, deer hunts, bear hunts, moose hunts, sheep hunts wy   skip to content       wyoming horse trips  guide/pack schoolhomeabout rustysummer horse tripssummer in wyoming wildernessrateswhat to bringsummer galleryguide/packer & wrangler schoolguide/packer schoolguide school applicationschool gallerylinkscontact deluxe all-inclusive horseback adventures in wyomingcr horseback adventures is located in beautiful dubois, wy. the pack trips range anywhere from the wind river indian reservation to the bridger teton wilderness bordering teton park to yellowstone park, along with washakie wilderness and shoshone national forest.cr horseback adventuresis now owned and operated by rusty  sanderson in dubois, wyoming.  call us at 307-850-7800 for your wyoming horseback adventure of a lifetime!click herecr horseback adventuresis now owned and operated by rusty  sanderson in dubois, wyoming.  call us at 307-850-7800 for your wyoming horseback adventure of a lifetime!click herecr horseback adventuresis now owned and operated by rusty  sanderson in dubois, wyoming.  call us at 307-850-7800 for your wyoming horseback adventure of a lifetime!click herecr horseback adventuresis now owned and operated by rusty  sanderson in dubois, wyoming.  call us at 307-850-7800 for your wyoming horseback adventure of a lifetime!click herecr horseback adventuresis now owned and operated by rusty  sanderson in dubois, wyoming.  call us at 307-850-7800 for your wyoming horseback adventure of a lifetime!click herecr horseback adventuresis now owned and operated by rusty  sanderson in dubois, wyoming.  call us at 307-850-7800 for your wyoming horseback adventure of a lifetime!click hereprofessional guide schoolcr horseback adventures has been training professional big game guides, wranglers and camp cooks since 1992. we are the most comprehensive program available and we have the most experienced team of instructors in the world. read morebooking nowhorseback riding, adventures 2-10 days, trips   click here   cr horseback adventures is owned and operated by rusty sanderson in dubois, wyoming. click here for more about rusty. call us at 307-850-7800 for your learning adventures in wyoming! call us at307-850-7800or email: crhorsebackadventures@gmail.comfor your wyoming horseback adventures!wyoming in the summer is a magical experience. the mountains are alive with wildlife and the sweet smell of wildflowers. you’ll see moose, elk, deer and bighorn sheep filling their bellies on the rich abundant grass.    trip locations in the greater yellowstone area include: absaroka mountainswe begin our summer pack-trips in the second week of june and operate through the last week of september. trips vary in length from 2-10 days and are ideal for people with any level of experience.we operate entirely in federally designated wilderness areas. we offer two types of trips, progressive and base camp. progressive trips generally stay at on campsite two or three nights, riding or hiking during the off days in different directions for fishing and sightseeing before breaking camp and moving to a new location. base camp trips entail a pack trip into a single camp with day trips originating from that camp.  our minimal goals are low impact camping and horse travel; we continue to embrace that philosophy.remember that the weather is chilly all summer long in the mornings and evenings in the mountains of wyoming. temperatures range from 90 degrees during the day, down to freezing and below at night. check the required equipment list for recommendations on clothing.  we accept checks or money orders onlyyou’ll see moose, elk, deer and bighorn sheep filling their bellies on the rich abundant grass. the trout are feasting on an ample food supply in the rivers, beaver ponds and creeks. this is a special time to be in the wyoming high country. get started today    booking now!    (307) 850-7800    crhorsebackadventures@gmail.com     wyoming horse trips visit our other services:  summer pack trips   wilderness elk guide & packer school cr horseback adventuresrusty sanderson, ownerpo box 845dubois, wy 82513     guide/pack school photo gallery   copyright ©2024 | cr horseback adventures – dubois, wyoming – rusty sanderson, outfitter terms & conditions copyright ©  2025 homeabout rustysummer horse tripssummer in wyoming wildernessrateswhat to bringsummer galleryguide/packer & wrangler schoolguide/packer schoolguide school applicationschool gallerylinkscontact           
