






the fish house - seward alaska saltwater fishing














































skip to content 


 (800) 257-7760 find us on map fishhousecharters@gci.net
 







 

menu 




menu 
home
our seward fishing charters

alaska halibut fishing
alaska salmon fishing
combination fishing charters
alaska sightseeing charters


reservations
our fleet

perseverance
servant
revelation
harvester / relentless


about
getting here
contact
 

























the fish house
seward alaska



why the fish house is your best choice for salmon and halibut fishing in alaska
seward is known worldwide as alaska’s premier sportfishing destination. whether you’re looking to explore the state’s fishing areas for the first time or you’re a regular, guided saltwater charters are a great way to organize your alaska fishing trip and make the most of halibut and silver salmon fishing.
fish house charters is one of the top fishing charter companies in the area. family-owned and operated since 1974, we have 6 vessels ready to charter. we’ll take you to explore the gulf of alaska in search of halibut, salmon, rockfish, or lingcod. experienced captains, great vessels, and the right equipment make your fishing experience unforgettable.
book your next alaska fishing trip here


halibut charters

halibut fishing season extends from april to october, peaking in mid-july. this is when your chances of catching a barn-door halibut are the greatest (over 200 lbs!).

 see details…



salmon charters

seward is well known as the silver salmon fishing mecca of alaska. our coast teems with abundant schools of baitfish – it’s often “fish-on” during our silver salmon run.

 see details…



combo charters

combination trips are available from july to august. we offer salmon/halibut or halibut/ling cod combos. these trips provide a great multi-species alaskan experience.

 see details…




discover why seward fishing charters are among the world’s best sportfishing experiences
located in south central alaska, with the gulf of alaska just minutes away, the fishing out of seward can be very productive. the gulf of alaska provides bait for all species, and the result is “fish-on”.
what our clients are catching…




















book your seward alaska fishing charter

what are they saying?

wow ! what a day, we had calm seas, blue sky and caught fish. great capt. and the customer service at the fish house was very helpful.
jonas mckinze – sacramento, ca
view more testimonials

plan your next fishing season in alaska
how was your trip?


 book now 











address

the fish house1303 4th avenuepo box 1209seward, ak 99664
 


contact us

ph (800) 257-7760ph (907) 224-3674fax (907) 224-7108email fishhousecharters@gci.net
 



 






					© 2025 · the fish house				



please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility
















