
















shundeene







































































shundeene






























































































friday, 17 may 2013







things that make you go hmm.





i may have a problem. or it could be that i'm cured. puzzling either way.

today the hub and i went for a walk at one of the malls considering it was kind of chilly outside. it was supposed to be a run day but i was being a cold weather wimp. good long walk at colorado mills.

the problem - we came across a huge discount shoe store yet i did not buy anything! this is still disturbing hours later. it's not that i didn't not see anything i liked. i browsed, tried on a few and left. no regrets.

big hmph!

normally i would have spent much time in the store, experienced increased heart rate, maybe a little sweat and swiped that plastic sucker a few times and left with a few too many pairs. maybe i'm getting senile or it's the running that's taken care of the jollies that used to come from hoarding shoes.

whatever. it turned out to be a good day anyway.

tomorrow i'll run in my old shoes.





posted by



singa




at

10:57



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2013

(1)





        ▼ 
      



may

(1)

things that make you go hmm.










about me




singa


peternakan sapi, kambing, ayam kampung, ayam broiler, kerbau, kuda, unggas, kelinci, burung puyuh, bebek, belut, itik dan lain-lain.

mesin mesinpotong rumput, mesin penggiling padi, perontok jagung, loundry, mesin bubut, toko mesin 

furniture; toko furniture, harga furniture, sofa, kursi, meja, lemari, desain kamar minimalis, rak buku, meja belajar, meja kerja, olympic, ligna dan lain-lain

mobil beas, harga mobil dealer mobil bekas dan baru.

komputer tablet pc, samsung, harga tablet murah, harga tablet terbaik, spesifikasi tablet


view my complete profile











































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























