







the great reno balloon race – world's largest free hot-air ballooning event


































































 

facebooktwitterinstagramlinkedinyoutube 


about

schedule of events
event highlights
tissue paper balloon launch
tips for enjoying the event
experience grbr
balloon race team
contact us
donate


cloud 9 vip club
book a ride
travel info

accommodations
parking and transportation
ada accessibility


pilots & balloons

pilot page


get involved

current sponsors
sponsoring
vending
volunteering
community partnerships
fore the kids golf tournament


media

download media kit
media credentials
preview day



search
 






previousnext123456789101112131415

september 5-7, 2025

the great reno balloon race is the world’s largest free hot-air ballooning event. during three days in early september, you can look up into the reno skies and see a rainbow of hot air balloons soaring about. from its humble beginnings in 1982 with just 20 balloons, the great reno balloon race has taken flight with up to 100 balloons each year. read more…



donate now!

highlights
thank you to our valued partners...previousnext
   


filming in progressplease be advised that the great reno balloon race is photographing, filming and/or recording at this location. by entering this location, you consent to being photographed and/or recorded and you grant the great reno balloon race and its marketing agencies/partners and licensees the right to use the photographs and recordings of your image and/or voice for marketing, promotional or publication purposes. you hereby release and discharge the great reno balloon race from any and all claims of copyright, libel, slander, violation of privacy or similar right you may have.

in case of an emergencywashoe county emergency management has established a map with critical information that is updated throughout the time of emergency. you will be able to find elements such as road closures, evacuation areas, evacuation routes, and a reunification center on the map. this map can be found at https://experience.arcgis.com/experience/46cb79ef933d4485b9966a9730e2d944/page/perimeter/






© copyright - the great reno balloon race 2024 
facebooktwitterinstagramlinkedinyoutube

























scroll to top



