     ford dealer in nacogdoches, tx | tipton ford                             










                                           tipton ford         936-564-7337    mobile service 936-305-2213     collision 936-305-7674   1115 north st.nacogdoches, tx 75961                                          service        map        contact                      tipton ford           call 936-564-7337   directions                       new   search new inventory   quick quote   find my car   schedule test drive   custom factory order   fleet sales   ford comparison   why ford trucks?   2024 ford maverick   electric vehicles   sell/trade     used   search used inventory   quick quote   find my car   schedule test drive   certified pre-owned overview   carfax 1-owner   sell/trade   explore going electric     finance   about tipton ford finance   get pre-approved    payment calculator   value your trade   credit score estimator   sell/trade     service & parts   service center   pickup & delivery   mobile service    body shop   order parts   ford protect   why tipton ford service   tipton ford service faqs   oil changes     specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials   sfa special   schedule service   tires   fordpass     about   our dealership   meet our staff   our reviews   community impact    tipton tips   tipton quick tips   tread green initiative   tipton ford faqs   careers     contact   contact us   hours & directions     español                   home   new   search new inventory   quick quote   find my car   schedule test drive   custom factory order   fleet sales   ford comparison   why ford trucks?   2024 ford maverick   electric vehicles   sell/trade     used   search used inventory   quick quote   find my car   schedule test drive   certified pre-owned overview   carfax 1-owner   sell/trade   explore going electric     finance   about tipton ford finance   get pre-approved    payment calculator   value your trade   credit score estimator   sell/trade     service & parts   service center   pickup & delivery   mobile service    body shop   order parts   ford protect   why tipton ford service   tipton ford service faqs   oil changes     specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials   sfa special   schedule service   tires   fordpass     about   our dealership   meet our staff   our reviews   community impact    tipton tips   tipton quick tips   tread green initiative   tipton ford faqs   careers     contact   contact us   hours & directions     español            




    




    119 vehicles available    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       



      search new inventory     search used inventory        







finance
fill out our online credit application.



get pre-approved













service
schedule your next appointment today.



schedule service













value your trade
trade your vehicle.



value your trade







                                                                                                disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                      
        ford lineup     mustang        mustang mach-e        bronco sport        ecosport        escape        edge        explorer        expedition        ranger        f-150        super duty        transit connect van          




shop certified


       
 
      
sales hours    monday 8:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 6:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed    



welcome to tipton ford
we’re the ford dealership bringing fast, easy and friendly vehicle sales and service to deep east texas. from start to finish, our team is here for you. we’ll guide the purchase of your next favorite thing on four wheels, offer finance options that fit your needs and then keep you on the road with routine maintenance and repairs. that's how tipton ford helps you spend less, drive more!

if you have any questions or want to learn more about us, call or stop by the dealership!
car shopping made easy
tipton ford makes car buying easy by offering a wide selection of new or used trucks, sedans and suvs. see the best that ford has to offer with a visit to our showroom and then take a seat behind the wheel for a test drive. if you don’t see the vehicle you want, let us find it for you with our convenient online tool, find my car. simply tell us what you’re looking for and when we find a match, we’ll send it your way.

you could also hop in the designer’s chair to build your ford, your way! with the help of our talented sales team, you can custom order a vehicle that fits your specific lifestyle. they’ll walk you through all the vehicle packages, personalized features and fun add-ons, ensuring you get exactly what you want at the best price possible.

the off-road ready bronco is always a fun and sporty choice, and the ever-classic ford mustang is a powerful showstopper. both the f-150 and super duty have the towing and payload capacities to dominate any job, and the ford maverick and lightning are excellent entries into the world of electric vehicles. families will find the space, power and comfort they need in the many capable ford suvs, like the escape, expedition or explorer. 
convenient finance options
once you land on the vehicle that’s right for you, it’s time to explore finance options. luckily, our team includes some great individuals who aim to get you the ideal plan, whether you want to buy or lease. our solid connections with local banks and lenders mean we can get you ideal rates, too.

we even offer a starting point you can explore right from the comfort of home. the convenient online payment calculator will help you look into potential payment plans with ease. you can adjust the down payment, rates, and terms to find plans that work with your needs. you can find the value of your trade-in vehicle in as little as 20 seconds, too, or get pre-approved with our online finance application. this way, once you visit our dealership, our team will already have options prepared for you!
fast service from certified technicians
our service and body departments are here to keep you on the road, whether you’re rocking a ford or driving something else. we use only authentic parts, and the job is completed by ford motor company certified technicians. those technicians know your vehicle inside and out, so you can feel confident in the work they do, be it an oil change, tire rotation, engine tune-up or extended maintenance. our body shop will be there in the aftermath of an accident, too, taking the lead on estimates, supplemental requests and repairs. you can even order tires and order parts right through our website.

when you’re ready to spend less, drive more, call our office to schedule your next service appointment or simply schedule online. 
a dealership built on community 
tipton ford has been driving satisfaction since 1959. our dedication to fast, easy and friendly sales and service is celebrated with over 4,000 5-star reviews and counting. we’ve been proud recipients of the nacogdoches county chamber of commerce large business of the year award and the ford motor company presidents award.

our commitment to the community in which we work and live will always be our top priority. we regularly support local organizations, including sfa athletics, the helping house, and the nacogdoches jaycees. we help bring tourism and family fun to nacogdoches by serving as the presenting sponsor of the texas blueberry festival, and we also do our part to better the environment through the tipton tread green initiative.

we look forward to serving nacogdoches and the rest of deep east texas for many years to come!     

follow us


                                 
          
    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures tipton ford | 1115 north st., nacogdoches, tx 75961 |  936-564-7337 |                






























                       