

 






san diego security systems: pioneer security services
















































(800) 824-8844     (858) 793-8300 
info@pioneersecurity.com















home
live video guards

live video guards
video guard interventions
video guards technical handout
video monitoring blog posts

case study: how a california bank got rid of 99% of their vagrant headaches, and saved money too!
how to deter loitering without hiring an on-site security guard
proactive vs. reactive video monitoring




commercial

live video guards
video verified monitoring
access control security systems
business burglar alarm systems
business fire alarm systems
business video surveillance systems


residential

home burglar alarms
home fire alarms
home video surveillance
medical alert

emergency medical alert call buttons
medical alarm lock boxes
monitored pill dispensers




about us

about pioneer
contact
testimonials
blog
write a review


 





select page


  
 



 



 










pioneer security stops crime before it starts
family owned and operated, pioneer security services has been providing security systems nationally for more than 45 years. our live video guard cctv camera systems with two-way voice are now available for both commercial and residential clients. trained guards (stationed in the united states) provide real-time human surveillance, and because of our state-of-the-art artificial intelligence, this level of protection is not as expensive as you might think!  






















“real-time human surveillance is the draw, and it’s not as expensive as you might think.” ~~ techhive


















learn more about our live video guard cctv cameras





how safe is your neighborhood?

enter your address to see recent crime nearby













welcome to pioneer security services, inc.
family owned and operated, security systems san diego since 1978.
whether your security needs are for your home, small business, or corporation, pioneer security services has the products and industry experience you need to ensure your safety and peace of mind. our clients appreciate our hands-on approach to service. you are never just an account number at pioneer security. we take pride in pampering our clients with personal service that goes above and beyond expectations.
howard feldman, founder and president
live video guardsour newest security innovation is a live video guard system  that protects the exterior of your property with two-way voice surveillance.  because our  guards interact with vandals and other unwanted visitors before they enter your business or home, we stop crime before it starts. live video guards reduce both property losses and false alarm fees. call us today and ask us how live surveillance can improve your security.
residential securityyou can’t put a price on life. when considering security for your home, we understand that personal safety supersedes property protection, so we will design your home security system to make it easy to live with and easy to use. properly designed, a home security system will protect your family when you are home, and your property while you are out. call us today and ask us for a demo of our user-friendly security app that will make your life easier and your family safer.
howard l. feldmanfounder and president
(800)824-8844 or (858)793-8300 

welcome to pioneer security services, inc.
family owned and operated, security systems san diego since 1978.

howard feldman, founder and president

whether your security needs are for your home, small business, or corporation, pioneer security services has the products and industry experience you need to ensure your safety and peace of mind. our clients appreciate our hands-on approach to service. you are never just an account number at pioneer security. we take pride in pampering our clients with personal service that goes above and beyond expectations.
live video guardsour newest security innovation is a live video guard system  that protects the exterior of your property with two-way voice surveillance.  because our  guards interact with vandals and other unwanted visitors before they enter your business or home, we stop crime before it starts. live video guards reduce both property losses and false alarm fees. call us today and ask us how live surveillance can improve your security.
residential securityyou can’t put a price on life. when considering security for your home, we understand that personal safety supersedes property protection, so we will design your home security system to make it easy to live with and easy to use. properly designed, a home security system will protect your family when you are home, and your property while you are out. call us today and ask us for a demo of our user-friendly security app that will make your life easier and your family safer.
howard l. feldmanfounder and president
 (800)824-8844 or  (858)793-8300

we treat you like family! here’s what our clients say…









facebook





twitter





youtube







 








contact uspioneer security services, inc.
991 lomas santa fe drive
suite c415
solana beach, ca 92075
(800) 824-8844
	(858) 793-8300
fax  (858 ) 793-9933 



name(required)email(required)

phone(required)how can we help?(required)emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ




 commercial security pioneer security services can design, install, monitor and service all your commercial security needs, including burglar and fire protection, employee access control, and cctv cameras.
call us today for a security evaluation for both your indoor and outdoor sites.
 
learn more

home security systems protect your loves ones with a honeywell readyguard security system that you control (from anywhere) with your cell phone.
the readyguard features an attractive counter-top console that speaks in plain english, providing audible voice instructions that are easy to understand.
call us for an in-home demo, and we’ll show you why we are number one with san diego families.
 
learn more

 



home
commercial security
live video guards
home security
about us
blog
privacy notice
 
 


copyright © 2025, pioneer security services, inc. • alarm license: aco3959 • contractors license: c-10 803712
 

 
 
 


pin it on pinterest



























share this





facebook





twitter





pinterest





linkedin













































