







	brickell key master association > home
































 





  








  



























|

resident login










x

homebrickell key masterabout brickell key & the master associationcommunity calendarevent galleryvideo galleryproperty contactresident servicesabout kwicwebsite faqshelpful linkshurricane preparedness311live traffic/take me homearound townbuildingslisttermswebsite tutorial



















 

x

homebrickell key masterabout brickell key & the master associationcommunity calendarevent galleryvideo galleryproperty contactresident servicesabout kwicwebsite faqshelpful linkshurricane preparedness311live traffic/take me homearound townbuildingslisttermswebsite tutorial









 



 


 
|

resident login

 

















 



















about us  
the brickell key master association (bkma) was created in 1980 to administer and maintain the island's common properties that are not part of individual condominium or commercial properties. bkma provides maintenance and security services to those common areas, including the linear park surrounding the island, island roadways, seawall, recreational areas and all common area landscaping. bkma also administers special projects and the island amenities and seasonal activities for community members.
    bkma mission: bkma is exclusively devoted to maintaining the common properties of the island to the highest possible standards. service to and safety of brickell key's residents and businesses is the priority of the bkma, which is committed to the most responsive communications to and among its members. at all times, bkma will devote its efforts to the best possible technical, financial, and aesthetic upkeep of the island.









about us  
the brickell key master association (bkma) was created in 1980 to administer and maintain the island's common properties that are not part of individual condominium or commercial properties. bkma provides maintenance and security services to those common areas, including the linear park surrounding the island, island roadways, seawall, recreational areas and all common area landscaping. bkma also administers special projects and the island amenities and seasonal activities for community members.
    bkma mission: bkma is exclusively devoted to maintaining the common properties of the island to the highest possible standards. service to and safety of brickell key's residents and businesses is the priority of the bkma, which is committed to the most responsive communications to and among its members. at all times, bkma will devote its efforts to the best possible technical, financial, and aesthetic upkeep of the island.











the history of brickell key  
in 1836 henry flagler, often called the ‘father of the city’, dug a nine-foot-deep channel to keep the mouth of the miami river open to shipping. soil from his dredging created two small islands that were then combined in the 1940's by a wealthy real estate investor to make a man-made, triangular property. most of the land was purchased by swire properties, who has spent over 30 years transforming the private, barren terrain into a thriving urban community. brickell key now consists of 6 million square feet of residential, commercial and hotel space, with attractive south-facing views across biscayne bay, open landscaped spaces with more than 5,000 trees, and hardly a parked car in sight thanks to abundant underground parking.
















more about the island  








an urban oasis
achieving balance between two seemingly divergent cultures, island and urban, was the driving concept behind everything from the original plans to the final design.  by reducing the effect of construction in the center of the island, the developer created a generous area of open space, which they turned into an attractive village green, children’s playground and various water features that are shared by residents, workers and hotel guests.




 


unique design
underground parking for 5,600 vehicles ensures that the island’s aesthetic appeal is not tarnished by streets lined with cars.  together, these elements enhance the feeling of a very considered space and a calm sense of place.






 


natural balance
from a distance the island looks to be all high-rise towers, but up close it is a complex residential and cultural ecosystem with extensive parkland, beautiful open spaces, natural tree canopy and numerous public art installations, including manuel carbonell’s famed 30-foot ‘el centinela del rio’ and other specially commissioned statues.







a linear park
all these features are surrounded by a mile long baywalk that allows anyone to experience the waterfront location, and additional features such as a japanese garden and hidden man-made beach that add to its charm.  away from view, innovative management of the seawall and seabed ensures that the island’s boundaries are kept healthy and well protected.
we are happy to welcome you to our peaceful island oasis in the heart of the miami metropolis.












 
 

amenities  








general rules
baywalk
village green
south lawn
playground
pocket park
vehicle access to island







general rules
 

 pets must be leashed at all times as this is a miami-dade county law. leashes must be 8’ or shorter.
 pet owners must clean up and dispose of all pet waste.
 pet owners that do not comply may be ticketed by the police and/or be asked to leave the area or be banned from the area.
 during spring nesting season, local birds may display aggressive behavior, please exercise caution.
 fishing is not allowed off the brickell key bridge, baywalk, or any other areas of brickell key.
 drone usage is not permitted on the island without prior written approval from bkma.
 professional photography and videography are not permitted on the island without prior written approval from bkma.
 the following facilities are provided as a courtesy to brickell key residents and their guests. all children must be supervised by an adult at all times. proper attire is required at all times. in utilizing these facilities, the user(s) assumes any and all liability for damage and risk of personal injury resulting, directly or indirectly from the use thereof. neither swire pacific holdings nor the brickell key master association will be liable for any such damage or injury whatsoever. the brickell key master association or its agents, reserves the right in its sole discretion to ask anyone to vacate bkma property.

 








baywalk
 
the baywalk is a 1.5-mile public lineal park, open to key residents and non-residents alike.

wheelchairs, strollers, and children under 10 on bikes or scooters are permitted on the baywalk. no other wheeled vehicles are allowed. this includes but is not limited to, skateboards, scooters, motorcycles, bicycles, segways, and inline skates.
only authorized personnel are permitted on the bay rocks (rip rap.)
boats are not permitted to dock or unload passengers on the key at any time.
groups of three or more people walking or running on the baywalk are not permitted as this congests pedestrian traffic.
the baywalk is open to the general public from 5 am to 11 pm. between 11 pm and 5 am, only residents of brickell key are permitted on the baywalk.

 








village green
 
the village green, located at the center of the island, is a dedicated play and recreation space for brickell key residents. bkma often hosts seasonal events here, including: summer splash, autumn jamboree, and frosty fest.

no gatherings are permitted at the village green, this includes but is not limited to birthday parties and group classes.
only one-on-one outdoor training sessions are permitted. organized sports and exercise classes are not allowed.
trainers may not tie or affix any exercise bands, ropes, or equipment to bkma property, including the village green stage, trees, fencing, or light posts.

 








south lawn
 
the south lawn is a future development site owned by swire properties. until such time that the south lawn area begins development, it has been provided to the residents of brickell key for recreational use. please note:

the picnic tables are available for rental by brickell key residents for parties and events and you can reserve here.
pet owners who do not comply may be ticketed by police and/or be asked to leave the area and/or banned from the area. only one-on-one outdoor training sessions are permitted. organized sports and exercise classes are not allowed. pets must be leashed at all times. pet owners must clean up and dispose of all pet waste.
birds in the south lawn area may display aggressive behaviors during spring nesting season. please exercise caution.
no photography or videography is allowed without the permission of bkma (see reservation requests to request permission)

 








playground
 
there is a playground located at the village green for the enjoyment of brickell key children. also in the village green you will find our beautiful nautilus fountain, which delights children during warmer months as an easy and gentle way to splash, play and cool off!

the playground is for brickell key residents only, trespassers will be asked to leave the area.
children must be accompanied and supervised by an adult at all times.
the playground is designed for children 2-12 years old; no diaper-aged children are allowed.
the playground should not be used when wet.
shoes must be worn at all times; no bare feet are allowed.
no pets are allowed inside the playground.
other than water, no food, drinks, or glass are allowed in the playground.
the playground capacity is limited to 20 people at a time.
chalk is only to be used on the blackboard, not the walls or floor.
by using bkma facilities, the user assumes all risk for damage or personal injury that may occur. bkma will not be held liable for any such injury or damage.
please reach out to your building management for the code to the playground.

 








pocket park
 


only registered dogs of brickell key residents are allowed inside of the pocket park.
residents will receive a pocket park id once registered. the id must be presented to security upon request.
anyone sharing the pocket park code or allowing access to those who are not authorized will have their access suspended or revoked.

 








vehicle access to island
 


should you have a tow truck or delivery vehicle coming to the island, you must notify your building’s management. if bkma does not receive verification from building management, the vehicle will be instructed to leave the island.
as brickell key is open to the public, all standard-sized vehicles will be permitted access through the visitor lane. between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m., all vehicles entering the island will be stopped and logged in.
residents may obtain a "smart pass" transponder to access the resident’s-only gate by contacting their building’s management office.

 

























































































































 

our team 













anna brautigam, mba, lcam
general manager
abrautigam@bkma.info










alessandra duffey, lcam
assistant manager
aduffey@bkma.info











kat keenan
operations manager
kkeenan@bkma.info






 











orlando morciego
chief engineer/maintenance










heberto miranda
maintenance team











miguel leon
maintenance team






 











luis herrera
maintenance team










silvio suarez
director of security






 
 








contact us  




report a maintenance issue



to report a maintenance issue please click here





make a payment to bkma



to make a payment or view your account ledger please click here





reserve an amenity in brickell key



to reserve any of our wonderful brickell key resident amenities please click here





contact an individual building's management team



to contact the management team at any of the condominiums in brickell key please click here





other inquiries for the brickell key master association




contact us

 











 
 
 

request an estoppel


 
 
 















































































































































about us







520 brickell key dr o 205, miami, fl 33131 
(305)3589892
bkma@bkma.info
property manager













kw property management 







8200 nw 33rd street,suite 300, miami, fl 33122
+1 (305) 476-9188
toll free (800) 514-5770

 

 












need help?







retrieve username or password
website support
ownership update
estoppel requests










































































kw property management
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use


 
your browser does not support inline frames
 



















