



nukees, the atomic comic strip











is this your first time here?  then you should 
start reading from the first strip!
or you can try to figure out the most recent storyline.



news | 
archives |
cast | 
forum |

art (mine) | 
art (others) |
links | 
quac |
danny quotes | 
gavspotting |
link2me






most recent strip:
(updated on august 31, 2022).


* * * hi. how's it going? * * *













yes, my quarter-century story has finally ended. but please keep coming back and stay up to date on my my next project whatever that evolves into. 








copyright © 2022 darren bleuel
   redistribution in whole or in part prohibited except
by permission















use the dropdown below to skip to the beginnings of "key moments"
in the nukees saga.  use the arrows to the right to browse strip by strip.

storylines:

the madness begins
then i draw my best strip ever
a fertile valentine's
gratutitous dream sequence
gav & intelligence don't mix
and teri is born!
midterms
nightlife
waiting for the lightning bolt
danny builds the ant!
suzy gee and barbie
oh, the humanities!
gav returns
then leaves -- to las vegas
from jill to jessica
evicted
graduation, sorta
cleavage and rejection
danny upgrades the ant
gav upgrades teri
...hilarity ensues
king luca agnostic holiday special
gavarctica
the sign!
the court date
mad scientists have hearts, too
teaching methods of dr. goldfinger
heart broken, liver full
king luca versus the lawbot
agnostica traditions
gav's morning after
teri the foot
gav gets an afterlife
...but death is fleeting
the king's spring cleaning
gav "returns" to work
linus "returns" with the ant
what about danny's "return?"
rescuing danny--direct approach
teri "returns" with pointy teeth
ma'at "returns..." sorta
jesus recaps
freshmen education or lack thereof
gav's pubcoming
the love that binds
adventures of ~hua/bin/hood
if you love someone, let them pee
danny's inferno
catfight!
danny's inferno (continued)
the alpha geek
post-inferno randomness
sans guinness
gav and suzy, waitin' on a gee
gav and suzy, clubbin' in the city
casanovacaine
more undergrad stress
danacronysms
pastatron annihilation
clubbin' repercussion
agnostica party!
lunch with newkees
physics joke week
poker?  i hardly know her.
sisters gee & the treasure room key
danny is a mythbuster
a shepherd in goth's clothing
love her to death
suzy gee insecurity
dannyciples
hello, may i please speak to...
in the beergarden of god & evil
breakfast recollections
king's inquest
 









the first comic





previous comic





archives









 jul   august 2022   
31123456w
78910111213w
14151617181920w
21222324252627w
28293031123w
45678910w
 week






yak it up on the 

nukees message board!






nukees runs thrice a week (mondays, wednesdays and fridays) here.  





most recent news item:

(07/26/2021)  i accidentally switched  today's and wednesday's strip up until about noon (pacific time) today.  some of you got a sneak preview.  
(07/27/2016)  i just uploaded an archive overhaul, in which i've
replaced every strip on the site with a consistent-width version (800 pixels), with proper titles and correct copyrights,
etc.  i actually spent quite a few months
examining, sorting, and rescanning thousands of strips.  in the process, i even found two strips
that were missing from the archives for some reason (they existed before!).  so if you happen to find yourself taking
a stroll through memory lane and you encounter any missing, mislabeled, or missized strips from the last 19.5 years, 
please let me know.  wait, did i just say 19.5 years?  that can't be right.  also, how are you going to "find" a 
missing strip?  this was a stupid request.
(09/16/2014)  phd comics did it better, i'll
admit.  just a few days after i posted this
comic, i ran across a facebook post for 
this amazingly similar phd comic,
only, i think he actually did it 
better.  i actually actively avoid reading phd because i know we're going to end up
making fun of the same things and i don't want it to influence my humor (or prevent me from
being able to make jokes without it becoming copycatting).
(01/21/2014)  i just remembered
that today is the seventeeneth anniversary of nukees.  nukees is a
senior in high school!  enjoy this last year as an adolescent. 
(06/03/2013)  everything's fine.
hee hee, i just noticed the last eleven news items were about technical
problems and i wanted to break the streak.  the site updated just fine today,
didn't it?  amazing.  this morning, i'm sitting in the airport lounge in
oslo, awaiting my flight back to california.  it's lovely having gold status.
i actually got to the airport three hours early just to sit here. 
thought i would crank out another strip before my flight, but instead i think
i'll have wine for breakfast. 
(06/01/2013)  man, this has been a bad week for update errors.  seems that i accidentally uploaded wednesday's
strip again for friday's.  it's just been fixed.  thanks so much to everyone who's
been notifying me when i screw up.  unfortunately, i'm in norway at the moment and not checking
my email often enough to catch these mistakes in as timely a manner as i'd like,
but eventually, everything gets sorted out.
(05/21/2013)  how many ways can i say "ooops sorry?" seems like that's the
only news i post anymore.  looks like i screwed something up on monday and uploaded the comic to the "cgi" directory instead
of the "comics" directory.  doi!
furthermore, we moved
servers recently and it appears the scripts that send me a text message when the comic hasn't updated isn't working on this
server.  it appears that not only was the shell (csh) in which i wrote the script not installed, neither is a mail server.
i'll get to work on that.  otherwise, please notify me if the comic isn't updated within a few hours of midnight on
an update day.  i always draw a strip on time, so if it's not displayed, the site has either borked or i'm dead.
if it's the latter, i won't be bothered by your email.  thank you.
(04/22/2013)  apologies for the late update this morning.  
nukees moved to a new server last night and perl was stored in a different path than on the old
server.  should be fixed now.
(03/22/2013)  ooops, scanned the wrong strip this morning, apparently.  correct one is up now.
(09/21/2012)  hmm, my track record this year for comic uploading screw-ups has not been great.
sorry for the tardy comic this morning.  i named the file with tomorrow's date by accident and my phone ran out of battery because i left my
charger at work (normally, i get a text message and an email if the comic doesn't update). i keep hitting all three failure points simultaneously.
(08/13/2012)  seriously?! i somehow screwed up with the site update
again? why do these thing *always* happen when i leave the country?  once again, modern technology saves the day as
i reupload and post this note via my phone over extremely-spotty free wi-fi during a layover in dubai (back the other way this time).  good thing
my layover was four hours, because that's about how long this took to fix.  just 20 more hours 'til i'm home!
(08/10/2012)  yow, i haven't missed an update time this badly in many years (if ever)! 
of course,
the comic is always drawn on time (this one on the plane to dubai!), but sometimes my jetlagged brain fails me. 
i'm currently in south africa (!) and lost track of which advance comics were
actually uploaded and which needed to be scanned over the weekend (doi, what a lame excuse).  
and, i haven't had internet access for large swaths of time, so my auto-notify systems
couldn't reach me.  fortunately, i just got connected (~4pm pt) and saw the problem.  scanned and uploaded.  
it's still friday (in california, at least), so i still
get credit for my perfect record, right?  right?   *sigh*
(08/01/2012)>  the obsessive amongst you
who checked the site within 45 minutes of midnight (pst) today got a sneak peak at what will be friday's comic.  that's because i decided to swap in this comic that i just drew last night.  at first, it was on deck to be friday's comic, but then i thought it would work better if it were more timely.  so if you're one of the obsessive and you see a repeat on friday, you might want to go back a day.
(05/30/2012)  the site was down for much of the day 
yesterday, apparently.  the server we were on suffered some sort of hard drive crash.  we've switched
to a new server and restored from a backup (we do that now!).  it may have taken some time for some
people's dns to update.  the old server is showing the old site, stuck on monday's strip.
so if you saw an old strip for a while, it just means your dns is slow to update.  unfortunately, i
can't update or post this news item on the old server as that hard drive is now non-writable.
(05/11/2012)  ooops, sorry for the
repeated comic strip this morning.  i tried to fix the badly-scanned comic from
may 9 and screwed up the dating.  it's fixed now. 
 i only just noticed i've
been putting the wrong copyrights on for the past five months, though.  looks
like i've still got work to do...
(02/13/2012)  sorry for the late update today.  i was on a plane from oslo and didn't get the auto-notice of the failed update until i landed at my connection in newark.  fortunately, i can fix the problem and post this explanation in baggage claim thanks to the magic of modern phone technology!
(12/28/2011)  do you recognize the pixelated image to the right?  it was included in a
random bag gift by a nuclide named david who either didn't include a return address, or for whom i lost the address.  the return
address on the package was for a postal annex in austin, tx.  if you are david, or you know david, please email me at 
gav[at]nukees.com. thanks.

(update: david got his gift).
(11/28/2011)  gavspotting
seems to be a sport of the past.  but i still comprise a considerable portion of the schlock mercenary universe and one would expect at least twelve of 
me to be present pretty much everywhere schlock and his crew goes.
so it should be no surprise that the gavs are back, and is likely
to be followed by quite a few more.  go check us out.
(5/11/2011)  2000.
 it seems like a lot. twenty four liters seems like more.  
two furlongs doesn't seem like as much.  a full year of my waking life also
seems considerable.  if each comic were a calorie, it would be the
u.s. rda.  at a penny a comic, this site would now cost $20.  if each comic had its own
twitter feed, you wouldn't be allowed to follow them all.  there is a comic for each helicopter
pilot in the united kingdom.  my comic strip has 2.2% statistical uncertainty.
(1/24/2011)  an extra 100 pixels
as promised.  in honor of nukees' 14th year, the strips will be 800 pixels
wide from now on.  that's right, i'm limping triumphantly into the 21st century.
(1/21/2011) happy nukees to me,
or something.  what?  nukees is fourteen today.  what?  fourteen?
i thought i would add a hundred pixels to the strip today.  but i didn't.
maybe monday.  fourteen?
(12/29/2010) i'm not 100% convinced
that the last few updates went as planned, but i'm pretty sure it's all fixed
up now.  if you think you missed something, go ahead and back up a few strips
and see.
if you think an update got missed, let me know, 'cuz i'm not totally sure what happened the past few days and it would be nice to know.  thanks.
(12/04/2010) danny was here?
check out the walls of
this art exhibit in san
francisco!  remind you of
anyone?  unfortunately, i only found out about this exhibit today and
it appears to have ended yesterday.
(11/03/2010) hear me talk again
as i join a sextet of interviewers on another
moonhawk studios podcast interview of someone or something named "linkara."  guess
they liked my banter on brain parasites before.  this time, i'll be more of a 
background voice...  like your conscience.  the red one with the little horns on the left shoulder.  wednesday, nov 3 at 7:00pm pst.

addendum: if you want to tune into the podcast to hear me, i wouldn't
recommend it.  it's about two and a half hours and i said maybe twelve things.
as comic books are not my brand of geekery, i didn't have much to contribute.
if you know linkara and are interested in him, go for it.
(10/29/2010) oops,
sorry for the late update today.  i guess i named a file wrong.  normally,
the site sends me a text message if there's a problem updating, but i'm between
cell phones at the moment, waiting for a new one (which arrived today via
fedex when i wasn't home, drat!).  why is it that even if i'm smart enough to 
establish a mitigation plan for disaster, the correct number of multiple things
that then need to go wrong at the same time always do?
(7/14/2010) you are hearing me talk.
back on july 14, the folks at "moonhawk studios" interviewed me
via talkshoe for their weekly podcast.  you can go there now and listen
to us chat about every taboo topic you can imagine: gay marriage, politics,
religion, and brain parasites.  oh, and i may have made a comment or two about
comics.  i don't remember that part.
tune in and hear for yourself.  
(5/12/2010) nukees is on a new server
which apparently has some bugs.  the site appeared to crash last night, unfortunately just before the site updated, so when nate noticed this morning and brought it back up, it was still showing monday's comic.  i just forced an update, so all is better now, but sorry for the early morning unavailability.
(3/1/2010> deja nukees?
a fan pointed out two identical nukees strips in a row in february. as near
as i can figure, a few days after the feb 12 strip ran, i re-scanned
and re-uploaded it, presumably to fix an artistic error or typo.  but it looks
like i mistakenly scanned the feb 10 strip instead.  so if you read it after
feb 14, you saw two duplicate strips in a row.  if that was the case, please
go back and read the correct
strip.  the good news, i suppose, is that you get two new strips
today!  the bad news is how few of you seemed to notice.
(2/2/2010) not to comment on a far more popular comic,
but i think yesterday's xkcd missed the
most interesting statistic, and that's strip "happy days game" (n>85%).
(1/18/2010) speaking of boingboing...
(well, i was a few months ago).
"katherine," presumably a loyal nuclide, made a 
very cool tetris blanket, made as an agnostica present,
which was cool enough to garner a mention on
boingboing, thus disseminating agnostica cheer beyond my readership and the 
occasional festivus forum post.  though, the blanket reflects not the joys of
video game merriment, but rather the exasperation of life's unfortunate turns,
brought upon ourselves by our inability to cope with its pace and simple
stupidity.  take a looksee.
(1/15/2010) did you get shafted
by the random bag of fun?  if you sent something into the random bag and 
didn't receive something in return, please 
email me
right away and tell me what it was.  i remember a specific gift arriving but it somehow went away. 
it's also possible i dreamt it.  seriously.  i have a problem.
(9/18/2009) top 5000?!
okay, i have no delusions that nukees is anything close to one of the most
popular comics on the web.  alexa ranks me at something like the 250,000th
most popular site.  then when browsing 
boing boing
i ran across a site called
what the internet knows
about you.  it offends places like boing boing by violating your privacy
or something by reporting your browser history.
check it out and click on "top 5k websites." what's up at the top
alongside google and facebook?
yours truly!  you know who isn't considered a "popular webcomic"
according to this site?
sluggy
freelance, dinosaur comics,
dilbert, or even (wait for it) 
xkcd!  wow, who runs this site?  a loyal
nuclide, i guess?  (even boing boing isn't a top site).  well...  you guys
may be wrong, but oh so right!
(9/7/2009) happy labor week!
so it took four days in a row of sleeping only three hours a night (actually during daylight), but i 
succeeded in inventing and installing
one of the very first diagostics (indium activation to determiine d-d 
fusion neutron yield) on the very first
fusion shot of the
national ignition facility completely
from scatch in just five days.  sure, it was wrong by a factor of about three,
but for something that didn't exist five days ago, it's a success just to 
deploy it.
...especially in light of the fact that i also took two midnight-8am "owl"
shifts at the cyclotron, sat through two four-hour safety classes, and drew
three comic strips during the same week.  go me!
thank darwin i get today off.
(8/15/2009) kudos
to rochester airport and
frontier internet provider
for providing a comfy place to sit and free internet access in the airport.
now that i've purchased a portable scanner, i was, for the first time, able to
write, draw, scan, and upload a comic while waiting for a flight.
the future is finally yesterday.  i just wish more airports would be this
nice.
(3/14/2009) happy pi day! 
i'm happy that the world is becoming geekier every year and i see this 
salutation more and more.  oh, and i got re-uncled yesterday on the 
much-more-boring friday the 13th.  congrats, bro and sis-in-law!
(1/23/2009) wait, what day is it? 
i think i'm a couple days late, but happy twelveth birthday to nukees.  soon my
comic will start growing body hair, talking back to me, and noticing 
girl genius.
(1/2/2009) ha! so now i'm
actually hoping that i made wednesday's joke before!  it turns out it's
a schlock mercenary t-shirt!  
so i either (a) repeated a joke from 10 years ago, or (b) subconsciously ripped off someone
else's joke.  i'd prefer (a).  but if that's true, it means howard ripped
me off and i deserve royalties on his shirts.  :)
(12/31/2008) now that it's too late,
i'm staring at today's comic and suddenly am struck with the uncomfortable notion that i may have already made this joke before.  twelve years old your webcomic gets, repeat yourself you will.
(7/13/2008) keenspotless.  
so we haven't made a big deal about it, but about six months ago, i sold my
share in keenspot to the crosbys.  and as of july 2008, i am no longer providing
technical support for them.  that was a pretty painful decision for me--so
painful, in fact, that it's not really possible for me to write a 
heart-rending sob story about my feelings in my news.  so i won't.  i'm happy
to answer anyone's questions about it, but thus far no one has been terribly
interested.  the bronze age of people caring about webcomics drama seems to be
over.  it's probably for the best.

today, i moved nukees off the keenspot servers.  i intend on redesigning the
site in the next few weeks (or, knowing me, months).  in the interim, a bunch
of stuff will probably break.
in the short term, i've removed most of the ads.
i noticed that now that i was no longer controlling the ads, keenspot has been
running a lot of annoying ads that overlay on top of the page content, which
i have never allowed on my site.  if the ads can't be unobtrusive,
i'd rather not have them at all.

speaking of that, i'm not sure what direction to take with the "business of
nukees" in the future.  i don't really need the trickle of loose change that 
advertising brings, though income makes me feel slightly more "professional."
most of my "business decisions" regarding this comic were
made to show support of the business i was trying to build with keenspot.
so who knows, maybe i'll have to revolutionize comics all over again somehow.
or maybe i'll just draw without worrying about it for once.

thanks to all of you for still reading nukees after 11 years.  and a special
über-thanks to any of you who have linked to nukees or told your friends 
about me.

oh, and i'm blonde now.


(past news)









send mail to darren




meet the cast!

nukees newzies

nukees reviewzies

nukees quac

nukees linkees

nukee linky buttons

nukees pollzies

teri fan club

f.u.n. art





archives:
1997
1998
1999
2000
calendar archives

other stuff:
art of the nuclides
nukees: the short story
nukees: the play!
nukees message board









(select one)
                spleen home
                nukees
        




sign up to receive nukees by email!
















don't vote for me.  i don't want you to.





nukees privacy policy








 








