







mike compton

















































        
          
            mike compton
          
        
      








































cart
















0






sign in
my account




















              home
            

            bio
          

            tour
          

            store
          

            news
          

            media
          

            lessons
          

            contact
          












































sign in
my account















































cart
















0











homebiotourstorenewsmedialessonscontact





                
                  
                    mike compton
                  
                
              











scroll






 







 

not your averagemandolin monstera true american mandolin master and expert in old-time and deep southern musical styles, mike compton’s straight-from­-the­-still vocal and instrumental style merges vintage grit with modern authenticity. whether he’s working with rock stars elvis costello and sting or acoustic legends john hartford and producer t‐bone burnett, compton can entertain audiences ranging from rockers and urban hipsters to die-hard country, folk, and bluegrass fans as a solo, duo, or band performer.




    learn more
  

 






 









 

rare & fine cdsome old “lost tapes” of monroe floating around for years, tunes not written down or recorded.  this project, “rare & fine: uncommon tunes of bill monroe” includes material spanning most of monroe’s career.  some of the tunes have been on projects that were never released to the public.  some have not been recorded prior to this album.  bringing together an exceptional group of talent with michael cleveland, laura orshaw, and shad cobb on triple fiddles, russ carson on banjo, jeremy stephens on guitar, mike bub on bass, and me mike compton on mandolin, this album was recorded over two days at jack clements iconic studio in nashville.  orange blossom breakdown (single): this tune comes off a home recording of a grand ole opry performance sometime in the late 40’s, after flatt & scruggs left the bg boys.  the announcer says, “this one is the latest i believe, isn’t it, bill?”  monroe says in the background, “it’s an instrumental” and the announcer replies, “it’s an instrumental alright.  it’s called the orange blossom breakdown.”  monroe must’ve been rarin’ to go because the tune starts in a new york second after that, off a’running about 175 bpm.  a good solid breakdown that is deceivingly hard to play. this project is the work of a detective, a historian and a master musician, working with trusted colleagues who love monroe’s music as much as the leader.  “i hope that you enjoy the sounds included with these covers!” - mike comptonlimited autographed cd’s available, unsigned cds availablemandolin tablature & notation book available




    order now
  





















 

a dynamic duogallop to georgiarenowned musicians and folk historians mike compton & norman blake join forces to introduce listeners to the repertoire of the mississippi duo narmour & smith. sixteen tunes with an engaging cadence with asymmetries and little quirks that keep the music lively and fresh. the two masters, without thinking about it, take great care with the music’s dynamics and nuances, leaving lots of space for the ear to hear elements of timing and melody that set this body of work apart. in addition to the album, mike has put together a book of mandolin notation and tablature for each tune.




    shop
  

 
















 









 

out and abouttours & teachings

 

mike keeps a busy schedule on the road. check out the tour schedule to see when he will be playing in your neck of the woods! 




    tour
  



looking for your next bluegrass camp? monroe mandolin camp brings together world-class instructors on multiple instruments for a deep dive into traditional bluegrass. this camp features mandolin, fiddle, guitar, banjo, bass, harmony singing, songwriting, and luthiery. come join us september 10-14, 2025 in lake junaluska, nc for the 12th annual mmc!




    monroe mandolin camp
  



whether you’re picking up the instrument for the first time or a seasoned player looking for the next big challenge to tackle, mike’s one-on-one lessons are guaranteed to help you take your mandolin playing to the next level.




    lessons
  

 






landing



intro



transition



new music



transition



tours/teaching












taterbug music
po box 2222,
mount juliet, tn 37122,
usa


hours
mon all day
tue all day
wed all day
thu all day
fri all day
sat all day
sun all day















































