


welcome to studio m live- original music content and writing since 1997- webcasts, music reviews and photography




































































xponential music festival 2010 (alejandro escovedo, grace potter, roseanne cash, big head todd & the monsters, yo la tengo, the walkmen, nicole atkins, etc) wiggins park 7.16-17.10

nearfest 2010 (eddie jobson, three friends, steve hackett, riverside, iona, the pineapple thief, astrid, forgas band phenomena, moraine, the enid) zoellner arts center 6.18-20.10

appel farm music fest photo gallery (avett brothers, patty griffin, buddy miller, sharon jones & the dap kings, enter the haggis, richard shindell, 61 north) l 6.5.10

bromberg's big noise in the neighborhood photo gallery  (david bromberg's big band, john hiatt, railroad earth, sam bush, jorma kaukonen, angel band) 5.15.10           

the pineapple thief's bruce soord speaks to our jim clark on the release of their new cd, someone here is missing, their most ambitious release to date.           

light up the queen spring swamp series- april- may 09.  an amazing series featuring trombone shorty, cyril neville, tab benoit and eric lindell. if you are anywhere near delaware, don't miss it! view the microsite.
 
 
 
 
 








 














              photos of the wailin' jennys, yann tiersen, hot tuna, iris dement, procol harum, rebirth brass band, allen toussaint, emmylou harris, pink martini and buddy guy are fresh in the photos from the pit section. 

abigail's ghost live dvd. we are thrilled to announce the release of abigail's ghost live_rosfest_2009 which we filmed last spring and is now available. an energetic full set from rosfest and behind the scenes footage from the recording their latest cd, d_letion. watch the youtube preview.

2009 marillion weekend, north america. complete photo coverage of marillion's first appearance in north america in many years. with wishing tree, john wesley and sun domingo as well as many behind the scenes photos.



  for those of us with attention deficit - the skinny has those brief capsule reviews without all of the flowery adjectives. 5 words, 5 sentences, 5 stars. check it.






 
 










 marillion- happiness is the road



 tilt- million dollar wound



 mickey simmonds- the seven colours of emptiness



 ukz- radiation



 pain of salvation - scarsick



 icon- icon ii, icon live



 the pineapple thief- tightly unwound



 planet p project- levittown (go out dancing part ii)



 nosound- lightdark



 dengue fever- venus on earth



 art of all- morgan



 marillion- somewhere else



 abigails ghost- selling insincerity 



 blackfield- blackfield ii 



 damien rice- 9 



 the who- endless wire 



 the beach boys- good vibrations 



 the pineapple thief- little man 



 the killers- sam's town 



 tom petty- highway companion



 hem- funnel cloud



 emm gryner- the summer of high hopes



 jeremy enigk- world waits 



 razorlight- razorlight



 gps- window to the soul 



 iron maiden- a matter of life and death 



 thom yorke- the eraser 



 richard butler- richard butler 



 the flaming lips- at war with the mystics 



 ray davies- other people's live 



 david gilmour- on an island 



 nosound- sol29 



 jackson browne- running on empty 5.1 



 neal morse- ? 



 king crimson- 21st century guide to king crimson 



 shriekback- cormorant



 depeche mode- playing the angel 



 pallas- the dreams of men 



 my morning jacket- z 



 riverside- second life syndrome 



 roger waters- ca ira



 various artists- backs against the wall 



 riverside- out of myself 



 sigur ros- takk 



 killers- hot fuss 



 queen + paul rodgers- return of the champions 



 journey- generations 



 yes- the word is live 



 emmylou harris- heartaches & highways



 van der graaf generator- remaster series 



 rob dickinson- fresh wine for the horses 



 annie- anniemal 



 dredg- catch without arms 



 foo fighters- in your honor 



dream theater- octavarium 



belle and sebastian- push barman to open old wounds 



the go-betweens- oceans apart 



porcupine tree- up the downstair (remaster 2005) 



coldplay- x & y 



nine inch nails- with teeth 



aimee mann- the forgotten arm 



van der graaf generator- present 



christopher o'riley- hold me to this 



glen phillips- winter pays for summer 



new order- waiting for the siren's call 



ben folds- songs for silverman 



john doe- forever hasn't happened yet 



trashcan sinatras- fez 



adrian belew- side one 



kaki king - legs to make us longer 



longview- mercury



stereophonics- language. sex. violence. other?



for against- echelons 



over the rhine- drunkard's prayer 



kathleen edwards- back to me 



kasabian- kasabian 



porcupine tree- deadwing 



the wedding present- take fountain 



super furry animals - songbook



arena- pepper's ghost 



snow patrol- final straw 



rpwl- world through my eyes 



tori amos- the beekeeper 



kino- picture 



monarch- the grandeur that was rome 



spocks beard- octane 



the wonder stuff- escape from rubbish island 



richard barbieri- things buried 



the pineapple thief- 12 stories down 



the pineapple thief- 8 days later 



the innoncence mission- now the day is over



zero 7- when it falls 



pain of salvation- be 



california guitar trio- white water 



jelly jam- 2 



tim bowness- my hotel year 



van halen- the best of both worlds 



glen burtnik- welcome to hollywood 



charlie mars- charlie mars 



porcupine tree- voyage 34 (2004 remaster) 



saint etienne- travel edition 



lanterna- highways review



hellboys- cha cha with the hellboys review



persona non grata- the fine art of living review



tegan and sara- so jealous review



guadalcanal diary- 2x4 reissue review



voices in the wire- signals in transmission review



roger waters- to kill a child/ leaving beirut review



luna- rendezvous review



jim white- drill a hole in that substrate and tell me what you see review



the drive-by truckers- the dirty south review



the blue nile - high review



lovedrug- pretend you're alive review



twilight singers- she loves you review



keane- hope and fears  review



winds- the imaginary direction of time review



kristeen young- x review



asia- silent nation review



macha- forget tomorrow review



crystal method- legion of boom dvd-audio review



kevin moore- ghost book review



marillion- don't hurt yourself singles review



attrition- dante's kitchen review



rush- feedback review



tortoise- it's all around you  review 



division of laura lee- does not compute  review 



peccatum- lost in reverie review



iq- dark matter review



bass communion- ghosts on magnetic tape review



the push stars- paint the town review 



virgin black- elegant... and dying   review 



marillion- marbles review 



the streets- a grand don't come for free  review 



the veils- the runaway found review 



all about eve- let me go home review 



john young band- live review 



mary lou lord- baby blue  review 



the divine comedy- absent friends review 



pink floyd- the final cut (2004 remaster)  review 



prot-kaw- before became after review 



jeffrey gaines live review 



mocean worker- enter the mowo review 



starsailor- silence is easy review 



pineapple thief- variations review 



lloyd cole- music in a foreign language  review 



david sylvian- blemish review 



spock's beard- feel euphoria eview 



guy manning- press pack sampler review 



magellan- impossible figures review 



the tangent- the music that died alone  review 



john gorka- live from grace church  photos and review 



hothouse flowers- into your heart  review 



charlotte martin- on your shore review 



rasputina- frustration plantation  review 



stellastarr*- stellastarr* review 



vast- nude review 



sparks- lil' beethoven review 



the damnwells- bastards of the beat  review 



dave gahan- paper monsters review 



king crimson- power to believe review 



fish- field of crows review 



porcupine tree- in absentia dvd-audio review 



new model army- great expectations  review



antimatter- unreleased 1998 - 2003 review 



catie curtis: dreaming in romance languages review



the gathering- sleepy buildings review



twilight singers play blackberry belle review



vienna teng- warm strangers review



opeth- lamentations dvd review 



courtney love- america's sweetheart review 



blackfield review



anathema- a natural disaster  review



nearfest 2003 coverage 



neal morse solo photos- metuchen, nj 



porcupine tree broadcast



alpha- stargazing review 



david sylvian at the tla 



emm gryner at the point 



barry andrews at the tin angel 



tweaker:2 am wakeup call review



cure- join the dots review



fish live from the tla with john wesley



spearhead- everyone deserves music review 



miles hunt (wonderstuff) live 




            full archives coming soon! 


  











 







studio m live 
                818 north market st, suite 2r
                wilmington, de 19801
      302.475.9880



 
 







 




copyright © 1997-2004 studio m live, inc. all rights reserved. all content on studiomlive.com is owned by studio m live and may not be reproduced without written permission. please contact us if you have any questions regarding this policy. if you are looking for custom injection molding you are at the wrong site, and should really be at applied tech products. 

 







 

