



 




private investigators and detectives buffalo ny | vip investigations






















































































main menu














						
			call today! (716) 855-0231











 ispy@vipinvestigations.com
 3125 walden ave, depew, ny 14043





welcome
services ▼

investigative services ►

child custody investigations
matrimonial & infidelity investigations
video surveillance investigation


database searches
surveillance
process service
1-800-hotline service
fugitive investigations


amber alert
contracts & payment
contact us
 






private investigators 


providing the area with a full service, comprehensive investigation services comprised of former law enforcement, security, and legal professionals.


learn more











pay online





click here






print contract





click here






contact us





click here












buffalo ny private investigators & detectives


the associates of v.i.p. investigative services of western ny are buffalo private investigators providing the area with a full service, comprehensive investigative company. v.i.p is comprised of former law enforcement, security, and legal professionals. v.i.p. investigative services consists of qualified buffalo ny private detectives offering a wide range of investigative services in buffalo ny and the surrounding areas of western new york. our private detectives are committed to their professionalism and work intensely to provide the highest quality investigative services. with years of experience and close ties to the buffalo police department and other related organizations, we at v.i.p. investigative services offer credible and effective assistance. our services extend to the areas of, pre-employment, background investigations, white collar crime investigations, fraud embezzlement, workers compensation investigations, domestic investigations, executive protection, missing persons, personal security, body guards, insurance investigations and much more.
this business is licensed by the new york state department of state, division of licensing services – uid no. 11000139802
v.i.p.’s staff consists are members of various professional organizations including the national association of legal investigators (nali), the self insured association of the niagara frontier, the greater buffalo partnership, the national association of investigative specialists, the erie judges and police executive conference, and the national computer security association.
our staff of investigators maintains an active role in these organizations so that we may not only keep abreast the latest legislation and techniques affecting our industry. most importantly, we keep these roles so that we may pass this information along to our clients by way of briefing and training seminars. our clients are important to us, and we work diligently to offer them the best in quality private investigation services.
v.i.p. investigative services serves all of western ny including buffalo ny, erie county, niagara county, orleans county, wyoming county, genesee, cattaraugus, chautauqua and allegany counties. also serving niagara falls and the niagara frontier.
save





















get started today!


name*

phone*email*

messagewould you like emails from us in the future?*


no



yes
namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ



social feed

vip investigative services - buffalo private investigator


contact us
vip investigative services	
phone: (716) 855-0231
email: ispy@vipinvestigations.com

address: 3125 walden ave		depew ny 14043		








© 2025 vip investigations | sitemap | privacy policy




welcomeservices ▼

investigative services ►

child custody investigationsmatrimonial & infidelity investigationsvideo surveillance investigation back 
database searchessurveillanceprocess service1-800-hotline servicefugitive investigations back
amber alertcontracts & paymentcontact us

				× close panel			



























 
