






marc lacy | speaker, writer, producer





























 






 


×










 




 











home
about marc
events
product center
presskit
video channel
contact marc
 





select page


  
 
 












marc lacy
speaker  .  writer .  producer






;






events calendar










from one speaker...to another
to read the written word as written is truly enlightening, but to be privileged to hear the written word, recited, by its “author”, is a literary delight. and having the privilege and pleasure of watching the written word become a living word, i applaud, and appreciate the creative influx, that mr. lacy weaves, (like beholding “fresh cornrows” on a “nubian queen”) into his works.










latest publications and recordingsghost of ace honeycutt, the third installment to the exhilirating fiction-thriller whiskey house trilogy is now available.
“clairvoyance, 7 books of insightful lyrical musings from the poetic vault series are available as well. the books are:
crescendoammunitionexpose’requiemgeometrywith 2 bonus love poetry books:beatific ambrosiaenraptured felicity
shop now







services









voice over/drops

radio/internet commercials
original motivational quotes
royalty free background music optional
fee is contingent on track length and added elements








*note: all performance based services may also be executed via zoom as well.





for scheduling and pricing, please send email to info@marclacy.com or call 256.721.1600.
approval of all bookings will be contingent solely on all contractual terms being met.



















featured products







coco inferno (paperback)
$15.00


coco inferno (ebook)
$6.99








rbmedia | curse of the whiskey house
listen to the audiobook curse of the whiskey house, written by marc lacy, narrated by jared wright.
rbmediaglobal.com





note for ebooks:
you can view these publication on your favorite epub file app or you can read an epub file on your amazon kindle e-reader by sending the file to your device by clicking on this link: https://www.amazon.com/sendtokindle



 








home
about marc
events
product center
presskit
video channel
contact marc
 






facebook




x




instagram


designed by rsd 
















































































