




















new home builder in jacksonville, fl | new construction





















































 
 








 



skip to content








 corporate phone number    (904) 724-7800 
 evening and weekend phone number  (904) 394-5300 

















 


blog
communities
available homes
specials










toggle navigation




 
home
locations 

fernandina beach
yulee
st. augustine
middleburg
bryceville
north jacksonville
west jacksonville


floorplans
get started 

design center

home buying
home building
home personalization
closing and moving


mortgage center

mortgage center
preferred lenders
amortization calculator
monthly payment calculator
glossary of mortgage terms




about 

about seda / testimonials
awards
homeowner referral program


customer care
build on your lot
contact us

 
 
 













choose your community





select your community



nassau county
the hideaway
sandy pointe preserve
sandy ridge

st. johns county
sandy creek
southwind plantation

clay county
linda lakes

duval county
edwards creek estates
weston woods

on your lot 
build on your lot







 view all communities





2024 parade of homes winner


seda new homes was awarded the highest honors at this year’s 2024 northeast florida builders association parade of homes. both model homes entered won a gold award: the albatera model home at sandy ridge and the waylon model home at weston woods. stop by and see these gorgeous model homes today!








voted best local home builder 6 years in a row


thank you for voting seda new homes as jacksonville’s best local home builder for 6 years in a row. we pride ourselves on building quality homes with superior craftsmanship that you will be proud to call home.  our highest honor, however, are the referrals by professionals in the real estate industry and by our homeowners to friends and family.


building homes.
creating communities.


your home is more than a house—it’s also a place where memories are made with family, friends, and neighbors. that’s why seda new homes gives you more choices in floor plans and pricing, and more ways to personalize your new home to make it uniquely yours. the neighborhoods we create offer the best in recreational amenities, easy access to great schools, and quality you can count on for a lifetime.


take a virtual tour





jacksonville's most trusted local homebuilder for 40 years


since 1982, seda new homes has grown to become one of the largest locally owned home builders in northeast florida. our team is committed to providing excellent customer service before, during, and after the sale, and our construction quality has been recognized with numerous awards from the nefba parade of homes and the florida times union bold city best competition where we have won best local home builder six years in a row.
to make owning a beautiful, brand-new home more affordable, our prices range from the $400s to the $800s. with more than 40 floor plans and 6 northeast florida communities to choose from, you’re sure to find the right single-family home in the neighborhood that’s just right for you.
whether you’re searching for a place to call home in nassau, clay, duval or st. johns counties, you’ll enjoy these benefits and much more:

high-quality new home construction
floor plans you can customize to meet your needs and wants
affordable pricing
closing-cost assistance
low hoa dues
no cdd fees

new home construction, your way. on our lot or yours.
seda new homes is one of the few builders that will construct one of our plans on your lot. we were also jacksonville’s first home builder offering customers the option of selecting fixtures and finishes for their new homes in the comfort of a design showroom.
when you visit our expansive, 1,900-square-foot showroom, our professional designer will meet with you to review your house plan and guide you through every step in your selections of your home’s interior and exterior materials, colors, countertops, flooring, and much more.
we build confidence.
the professional seda new homes team includes experienced project managers who are available to you throughout the building process, which includes every step of new home construction, from site preparation and permitting, to interior trim out and landscaping. our service continues after completion, with a new home orientation meeting and final walkthrough. along the way, you can be confident that our end-to-end construction process will result in the brand-new home you’ve always wanted.
see seda new homes quality for yourself.
we invite you to visit any of our 6 communities in the area to see a seda neighborhood’s features, amenities, convenience, and home styles for yourself. you’ll find our communities in several easily accessible locations, including fernandina beach, yulee, st. augustine, jacksonville’s northside and middleburg. if you’d like to know more about seda new homes or have questions, please call us at 904-724-7800 or get in touch online.


a trusted home builder in jacksonville for over 40 years






quality new homes





affordable prices





closing-cost assistance





no cdd fees





build on your own lot
 

 
 




































































































































































































                  largest most trusted local builder in jacksonville for over 40 years! voted best local home builder 6 years in a row!!!
                    

                    call our corporate headquarters and our knowledgeable staff will be glad to help you with any request you may have.
                



 contact
phone: 904-724-7800
email: sedahelp@sedanewhomes.com
2120 corporate square boulevard,
suite 3, jacksonville, florida
32216

 

 service & support
privacy policy
contact us

seda webmail
sales agent login
marksystem itk login
admin
integrated payables login

 

 seda new homes
communities
build on your land
move-in-ready-homes







join us on







© 2025 seda construction company | cgc020880 | all rights reserved | sitemap

  contact webmaster











×
contact webmaster




 


















δ












×
contact hr




 

















δ















