



in this corner: motherhood, marriage & faith







in this corner


























sunday, january 14, 2007



	 
	 stay to the left...this blog is merging
	 
    



i'm sure i have lost all readers since my two month hiatus from this blog. but if you're still out there (all two of you), you may be wondering why this blog has been disintegrating through the week.  because of recent changes to blogger, our three blogs are migrating and merging.so has time makes avail, things have been manually moved over.  total pain. but the only way to do it at this point.all signs now point in the direction of www.ourgoldenapples.com.see all two of you there!  :)




mama knucker hatch @ 2:40 pm
      | corner comments (0)






wednesday, february 22, 2006



	 
	 speaking each other's love language
	 
    



about 4 months ago, ken and i spent an evening going over the general ideas behind the book called "the 5 love languages".  ken and i have an excellent marriage, but everyone around us had spoken so highly of this book that it peaked our curiousity.  for anyone remotely interested in improving their marriage, i highly recommend it.however, if you want the cliff notes version, i suggest that you and your husband do one thing mentioned in the book. one thing that will radically change your lives.  take time one evening to make a mental or written list of up to five things your spouse could do that would help you to feel more loved.  be open. be honest. no answer is stupid.  you may be surprised at just how easy it is to give.for ken and i, we both had a really short list.  neither of us could even think of 5 things.  we both ended up with about 3 things, that would really make a difference in our daily lives. we've been working on those items now for about 4 months, and it has been wonderful.here was an example of one of my three:groceries:  when i would come home from an hour of shopping for groceries, ken was already helpful in assisting me unload them from the car. however, if i also received help from him in putting everything away in the cupboards and fridge, that would be a huge demonstration of love to me.incidentally, ken has taken this above and beyond my request:  months ago, shortly after we made this list, i had come home from a very late night of awana with the kids and grocery shopping.  i was pregnant, exhausted, and looking forward to help with the groceries and bedtime routine. when i pulled in the drive i realized that ken was gone. there was a message on the answering machine.  it was ken apologizing profusely that he couldn't be there to "speak my love language" but had to run out for a late night business task.  as exhausted and disappointed as i was, knowing he had taken the time to call and recognize that putting away groceries was important to me, softened the blow.  last week he grocery shopped for me in secret after a full day of meetings and traffic. i had planned on grocery shopping that evening. that gesture of love, was almost enough to make me cry.  it was exactly what i needed at the time, and i felt incredibly loved.here was one of ken's:food: ken works from home, but tends to head straight to the basement office in the morning. running two businesses, he stays quite busy, sometimes skipping breakfast and lunch and getting cranky and tired as a result. his request was that i would be improving his day considerably if i provided him with something for breakfast and dinner and brought it down to him.just to see the smile on his face, and hearing his sly, "for me? alright!" when i bring him a meal is worth it.  :)both of these requests are very easy to meet.  at the same time, by simply doing them, they make a huge difference in our day.  take the challenge with your spouse. you both will have much to gain from the exercise!




mama knucker hatch @ 4:15 pm
      | corner comments (0)






saturday, january 14, 2006



	 
	 when sick...sew
	 
    



i'm feeling slightly better this evening.  i passed the time this afternoon sewing a baby bunting for faith. it is basically a sleeveless fleece sack that zips up. they usually cost a good $20 at a children's store, but you can make them for about $4. i'm all for babies and comfort, so i plan on sewing a good number of these in different colors so that faith can freely hang out sockless around the house in just a onesie and one of these snugglies.i'm a decent seamstress when it comes to sewing anything rectangular, but throw neck holes and arm holes into the mix and i'm a mess. poor faith ended up with a straight jacket. sewed right over the arms holes. did i mention how dangerous it is to sew when you are sick? (it involves a lot of seam ripping.)maybe it was more of a subconscious thing...after all...she is my tiny tornado.i'll add pictures tomorrow.




mama knucker hatch @ 7:56 pm
      | corner comments (1)









	 
	 this week packs another punch
	 
    



emotional drain has invited physical drain to join the party in my body. the beginning of this week was so incredibly tough. i'm still struggling. however, my immune system must have plummeted as i have taken on one heck of a virus. my voice is gone. my eyes are glued shut with gunk. it hurts to cough and swallow. my ears hurt when i do swallow. blowing my nose feels like i'm trying to blow out an egg yolk through a pin hole in an egg shell. thankfully, i don't have a fever. being pregnant, there is nothing i can take, which means getting more than two hours of sleep at a time isn't happening (why i'm here).now my concern is that i will go into labor feeling as i do, and/or that this will slowly touch the other loved ones in my family over the course of the next two weeks. worse...the last thing i want is to pass this yuck on to a tiny newborn. the acronymn "rsv" is haunting me. my braxton hicks has picked back up, and now i can feel my body practicing "letting down" for the nursing soon in my future. i have yet to have an internal exam, and i had to cancel my appointment for this week, so i have little to go on.i'm praying and praying that this stays isolated, and that faith is feeling very comfortable about her close quarters. she is in the safest place she can be right now, until mama gets better. she's probably wondering what stranger took over her mama's body as when i do find my voice it is not a pretty sound.




mama knucker hatch @ 2:25 am
      | corner comments (0)













summer 2006



in this corner



  
 


		reflections on motherhood, marriage, and faith. a tribute to the daily adventures of caring after a conservative, entrepreneurial, stay-at-home family.



"strength and dignity are her clothing and she smiles at the future."    proverbs 31:25



latest reflections

recent posts


stay to the left...this blog is merging
speaking each other's love language
when sick...sew
this week packs another punch
blessed.
the last one standing
practice makes perfect
the cradle will rock
i finished sewing the baby bedding!
cue up the music for mr. hicks


in this corner archives


july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
january 2007



in the nursing corner








blogs i helplessly stalk




laughing daisies
blest with sons
secret agent josephine
journey mama
the big yellow house



(no super huge blogrolls for me. i'm a stalker on a limited time budget.)





beyond this corner



outside the box >


this is a very active homeschooling blog maintained by our family as we plow through another term using charlotte mason, the ambleside online curriculum, and montessori methods.  this summer and fall, follow us as we study the process of germination and learn about the food chain. we'll be closing our year and a half study of the impressionists with mary cassatt, and we'll find out if we sink or swim with shakespeare.


the knucker hatches >

our weekly family picture album. includes family news, announcements, calendar and our latest family outings.





weekly internet commutes




all recipes
the flylady
the baby wearer
mamatoto
ambleside online
rush limbaugh
one place










the knucker hatches  |  
  homeschooling outside the box  |  
  in this corner





 


