



joe crump











inline















note: if you have a slow connection, you can still view my videos. just click “play and let them download, then come back later to watch. you must have flash player installed. it is free  click here”



register now to get more free videos and articles(get ready to start learning my secrets!)


how to make $15,000 investing in real estate in the next 14 days without spending a dime on down payments or needing good credit.
how i personally bought 17 million dollars in real estate during my first three years as an investor.
how i took a student and coached him into buying 2.3 million dollars of real estate in 5 hours.... with an average home price of $150,000. we shot it on video and he did it from my home office, on the phone, without using any money for down payments or using his credit.
how i took a room with 48 newbie real estate investors and within 3 hours showed them how to buy houses using nothing but a cell phone and the classified ads in the paper? after the 3 hours was up, they got on the phone and within an hour and a half bought 98 houses.
how i use the internet and computer technology to completely automate my business and put all the drudge work on autopilot.

how i built a huge list of real estate investors who i can send an email to and sell most of my flip houses in about 20 minutes.
what to say to make offers to home sellers that 1. will make you money and 2. that will be accepted by the seller almost every time.













              register now 
              to get more  
              free videos 
              and articles
              
*first name:



*last name:



*email:




we hate spam as much as you do. we will never sell or give your information to anyone.

 

































bob underwood, 
stafford, virginia


"it took 3 weeks to do my first deal and i made 
$10,000 cash."
"it took 3 weeks to do my first deal. i found a $125,000 house for $68,000 using joe's techniques and flipped it and made $10,000 cash before it closed. i did this in a few short days. the deal between the buyer and seller had not closed when i made my money... i got it up front from the buyer."
click here for more success stories






jim dralle, chicago, illinois


“i just put another $5,000 in my pocket with 
about 3 hours work.”
"i’ve got to admit, i thought this joe crump was just another get-rich-quick scam... i’ve seen these guys before... but i just put another $5,000 in my pocket with about 3 hours work. all i did was implement what he told me to do at the last event. now i’ve got 7 more deals cooking that should close over the next few weeks. my wife and i are quitting our jobs to stay home with the kids and "play" with real estate full time starting next month!" 
click here for more success stories






jeff robbins - singer island, florida


“just a heartfelt thanks for all you do and did 
for everyone who came to the event.”
“joe, 
just a heartfelt thanks for all you do and did for everyone who came to the event. i contacted my lead and its even better than i thought when i spoke to the wife. its a $64.9 appraised that they will consider for -subject to” existing approx $46k freakin' wonderful! hope i can do this before i have to go on a ship again thanks joe thanks so much- i'll split it with you!” 
click here for more success stories






amber lusco-pittsburgh,pennsylvania


“i put together 6 deals at your buying event”
hi joe, 
i just wanted to let you know that i put together 6 deals at your buying event last week and now we are in the process of getting signatures and getting buyers. 

click here for more success stories





















crump publishing, inc.
5868 e 71st st, ste e #205
indianapolis, in 46220-4076
voice: 317-598-1220 fax: 317-598-0605
contact us 
[privacy policy] [terms of use] [purchase agreement]
copyright - crump publishing, inc.








“free real estate investor training”get videos that teach how to buy and sellhouses with no cash and no creditinstant download-$97 value- free!



how to buy real estate with zero down 
                       payment and bad credit
how to make your first $5k in two 
                       weeks
the 7 biggest mistakes new investors 
                       make that get them sued
automating techniques that will 
                       reduce your actual work by 80%
how to buy $2 million in houses in 1 
                       year - how we did it in 24 hours


just tell us where to send the videos and they will go out instantly!











register now to get more
free videos and articles
     
*first name:



*last name:



*email:






we hate spam as much as you do. we will never sell or give your information to anyone.




close







