

fox bassoons 












phone: 
          617-364-1346-----------------------------e-mail: 
          bssnrx@aol.com





 


please 
            phone for appointments as i don't make appointments by e-mail.





bassoon repair and fox bassoons


 






bassoons 
      for sale

an active 
        bassoonist in the new england area, a specialist in bassoon repair and 
        an authorized dealer of fox bassoons, 
        jim kirker plays and works on each bassoon he sells to make sure it is 
        in top playing shape before he will let it out of his shop. jim now has 
        many satisfied customers worldwide, including customers in england, mexico, 
        and even rumania. he also carries a complete line of fox 
        bassoon accessories.


 
        jim sells all fox professional bassoon models, as well as used 
        heckel bassoons, puchner and fox bassoons, but the student model bassoon 
        he favors and sells the most of is the renard model 240. he believes it 
        is the best bassoon one can buy for the money and is, quite simply, the 
        best "student" model bassoon ever made, bar none. "the 
        quality of the keywork, the sound and the intonation makes the renard 
        model 240 about as close to a professional model bassoon as one will find 
        without spending at least twice as much money."





 
samples of work

testimonials




maintenance 
      tips




rogues 
      gallery




 





 






 








 


 
 






please note, even though i 
        have never had a bassoon returned to me after the trial period was over, 
        because of the covid-19 pandemic i have ended the two week trial period 
        for bassoons for the foreseeable future. 
"the fox renard 240 bassoons you shipped for my pupils are nearly 
        as good as the professional instruments i've played on, how do fox make 
        so much bassoon for so little money?" - ian 
        glen, bassoon player and teacher. england" 





































enter your search terms

submit search form



 





web


www.kirkerbassoonrepair.com












accessories bassoonprices
dailymaintenance tips
 roguesgallery
bulletins
index
links



