




in my world: designing living & learning environments for the young







baby space | kid 
      space | about ro | lectures |  books



welcome to design author ro 
logrippo's web site





©2003 martin dreiling
 
spotlighting home 
environments where children learn as they grow . . . 


creating rooms for and with children

throughout life, memories 
of early environments rekindle the place we first absorbed the world 
around us. soft, snuggly textures in a cozy bed ... joyful sounds in a space for play  
...



©2003 martin dreiling


the importance of childhood settings was 
      first recognized in the 1900s by italian educator maria montessori. 
      through studies of children in school settings, she discovered young ones learn 
      best through self education and development of the senses, as opposed to 
      rigid control of their activities and habitat. 

that's why in the room they call "mine," 
      children need to explore who they are, what they are and where they are. 
      neither mom's nor dad's fantasies should be imposed, no matter how cute or 
      cuddly. the most meaningful features should be kids' own 
      creations or personal touches such as art, crafts, photos and 
      finds.
empowering parent and child to co-design home 
      spaces that enhance learning is what my books and this web site are 
      all about. 

click around. see what magical, non-themed looks are 
      possible when you collaborate with the 
      young on their environments.  -- ro logrippo


baby 
      space | 
      
kid 
      space | 
      
about 
      ro | 
lectures |  
books



copyright 1996-2016 ro logrippo 
all rights reserved 

text or images on this site may not be captured and used for electronic publishing or other purposes. use of any material requires the copyright holder ro logrippo's express written permission.

living & learning environments
39506 n. daisy mountain dr, ste. 122-180
anthem, az  85086
phone (usa) 623-551-7696 



