


lcd tv reviews | news and releases on lcd and plasma tv's
























    
	lcd tv reviews
	
  
updated with reviews, releases and articles on plasma and lcd tv's.







wednesday, april 12, 2006



	 handset and lcd tv chip solutions to drive revenues for mediatek
    


although mediatek’s revenues were down 25% sequentially in the first quarter, sales were still up 23% from the same period last year, and sources indicated the taiwan-based ic design house should gain momentum over the next few quarters amid an aggressive push for both handset and lcd tv solutions. the company had accumulated revenues of nt$11.09 billion in the first quarter.mediatek shipped approximately 30 million handset chips in 2005 and that amount should at least double to 60 million chips, the sources said. some observers are predicting that mediatek's monthly shipments for the segment should exceed five million chips in may and june.nomura international projects that mediatek will achieve on-year revenue growth of 20% in the second quarter, thanks to increased handset chip shipment and the development of its digital tv solutions. lcd tv chips will account for 5% of the ic design house's revenues this year, up from less than 1% last year, the sources added.click here for the full article



posted by dal @ 11:30 am  

      
  





tuesday, april 11, 2006



	 lg unveils new flatron lcd tv
    


aligned with its aims to provide high quality technological solutions for its clients, lg electronics (lge) recently unveiled its latest flatron lcd tv monitor. this development from lge comes with the state of the art ratio enhancing technology (dfc) which in turn works to ensure the highest quality of images for its users' viewing pleasure.further solidifying its status as the leading provider of high quality consumer electronics, and digital technologies in the world, the firm has ensured that its dfc technological development delivers a contrast ratio of 1600 to 1. this feature in turn makes the lge lcd tv monitor superior to any other lcd monitor available on the world market. this dfc technology is only the result of years of extensive research which is evident in a clearer, crispier, and brighter image that is perfect for both multimedia entertainment, and an exhilarating viewing experience.lge's dfc technology also activates a unique 'smart function'that automatically sets the best contrast ratio for each image in a fraction of a second. this feature is especially effective with dark images, and is available in a range of flatron lcd tv models: including the lx70, lx52, lx19, lx60, and the lx82.click here for the full article



posted by dal @ 10:26 am  

      
  





monday, april 10, 2006



	 intel concept laptop doubles as lcd tv
    


intel monday revealed a laptop pc concept design in which the machine folds up with the screen facing away from the keypad and then slips into a docking station for use as a liquid crystal display (lcd) tv.the docking station looks like a stand for an lcd tv and includes speakers on either side of the screen. once the laptop is put in place, it transforms from a laptop pc into a television. officials at the intel developer forum in taipei said the design is not currently being developed as a product, as it’s only a concept aimed at generating new ideas.the device is meant to save space and allow a user to save on the cost of buying both an lcd-tv and a laptop computer.another intel concept laptop design contained an extra part on the back of the screen, similar to a computer monitor stand, to hold the screen up higher than the laptop. the stand part could also be manipulated to allow a user to fold the screen over the keypad and watch movies comfortably on an airplane or in any other confined space.



posted by dal @ 10:35 am  

      
  





friday, april 07, 2006



	 sony may source 32-inch lcd tv panels from taiwan - report
    


sony corp may procure 32-inch thin-film-transistor liquid crystal display (tft-lcd) panels meant for television sets from taiwan, the commercial times reported, without naming a source.ryoji chubachi, president of the japanese consumer electronics giant, is expected to take up the topic when meeting with executives of au optronics corp (2409.tw), chi mei optoeletronics corp (3009.tw), chunghwa picture tubes ltd (2475.tw) and quanta display inc (3012.tw) during his current visit to the island, it said.the sony official, who also heads its global electronics business, arrived in taiwan for his first visit to the island last night. click here for the full article



posted by dal @ 12:13 pm  

      
  





thursday, april 06, 2006



	 sony and samsung expected to expand tv-panel procurement from taiwan
    


sony will send procurement representatives to taiwan soon to place orders for 32-inch tv panels, and the top-two thin film transistor-liquid crystal display (tft-lcd) panel makers on the island, au optronics corp. (auo) and chi mei optoelectronics corp. (cmo), are expected to win sony's business, edn said.at the just-ended 8th annual displaysearch us fpd conference, held in san diego, california, u.s.a. on march 21-23, dr. hsiung hui, executive vice president of auo, said that his company's 37-inch tv-panel shipments in march would outstrip 100,000 units, as more and more first-tier global lcd tv brands adopt auo's products. in conjunction with the increasing capacity at auo's new sixth-generation (6g) panel facility, hsiung said, both auo's revenue and profits are expected to rise.hsiung refused to comment on the companies that have chosen to adopt auo's 37-inch panels, but industry insiders said that auo has delivered 37-inch panels to samsung and philips. the sources explained that samsung operates a 7g panel plant, which is able to economically cut 32- and 40-inch panels, while sharp, lpl, and auo run 6g facilities.click here for the full article



posted by dal @ 11:31 am  

      
  





wednesday, april 05, 2006



	 dell's 37-inch (w3706mc) lcd tv
    


if you were planning to buy apple's cinema display wait just one moment, for dell may have something you might want even more. talk here of the w3706mc or in english, dell's 37-inch lcd tv. the device is said the deliver high-definition picture quality with bright vivid images and superb contrast. bios magazine reviewed this tv and gave it a pretty high score, let's find out why. the display can act both as a tv and a regular computer monitor. what makes this one different though is the picture when used with a computer is much more crisp and clean unlike all other computer/tv displays. another cool feature is the built-in digital tuner from dell which offers advanced video processing making it into a great tv as well as huge computer screen.the display can be both mounted on a wall, or it can stand on its stand. color wise, the screen is a mix of both silver and black giving it that expensive and excusive look that other screens of its type don't have. without the stand, the display measures 910x554x115mm and weighs approximately 32.5kg.click here for the full article



posted by dal @ 11:06 am  

      
  





tuesday, april 04, 2006



	 mitac is exclusively shipping tvia's lcd-tv reference design
    


tvia, inc., a leading provider of digital display processors for advanced flat-panel tvs, broadcast digital dvrs, consumer display and monitor products, today announces that mitac is exclusively shipping tvia's lcd-tv system design and trueview 5600 chipset in all european lcd-tv models.  tvia's trueview line of digital display processors is used by the world's leading broadcast and consumer electronics companies.  mitac technology corp., a publicly listed company in taiwan, is one of the leading developers and manufacturers of advanced flat panel displays.click here for the full release



posted by dal @ 3:04 pm  

      
  





sunday, april 02, 2006



	 dell launches w2600 26-inch lcd tv
    


dell today launched its second generation of televisions, starting with a 26-inch, high-definition ready lcd television that is ideal for a small living room, a bedroom or a den. with a newly designed satin-chrome finish and piano-black speakers, the full-featured w2600 sells for just $1,999.the dell w2600 is the first television to receive pixelworks' dnx certification, a series of rigorous video quality tests that measure out-of-the-box picture quality and performance. the w2600 is also the first dell tv to have srs trusurround xt audio, and comes with integrated stereo speakers with 30 total watts of audio power."dell engineering teams are helping to redefine the tv market by designing attractive, full-featured televisions at incredible prices," said gerry smith, vice president and general manager of dell's displays group. "from a great-looking appearance to home-theater quality audio and video, we want customers to get comfortable with dell tvs in any room of the home."click here for the full review



posted by dal @ 3:56 pm  

      
  





saturday, april 01, 2006



	 the mainstream lcd tv segment should remain at 32-inches this year
    


displaysearch estimates that the 40-/42-inch lcd tv segment is growing faster than the 37-inch segment, but the mainstream segment will remain 32-inches this year, according to the research firm.by the end the first quarter in 2006, the 32-inch lcd tv segment will account for 28% of the overall lcd tv market, while the 40/42-inch segments are expected to grab 8%, up from 3% in 2005, said displaysearch. although the 37-inch segment took 5% of the market last year, the segment will see its market share increase to only 7% by the end of this quarter, the research firm added.in 2006, 32-inch lcd tv shipments will total 14 million units while 37-inch and 40/42-inch segments will each reach 3 million units, the research firm indicated.click here for the full article



posted by dal @ 5:35 pm  

      
  





friday, march 31, 2006



	 westinghouse lvm-37w3 lcd tv
    


westinghouse digital electronics a leading us lcd tv manufacturer showcased the 37-inch model lvm-37w3 which includes features like a bright flat panel, fast response time, high contrast ratio and six hd inputs, and 1920 x 1080 progressive scan (1080p) resolution. it also features a sleek black and silver design and the lcd just weight around 43 pounds without the base making it mountable anywhere.the lvm-37w3 lets the user enjoy high-resolution multimedia entertainment like hdtv broadcasts, hd dvd movies, surfing the internet, video games and viewing digital images. it includes six hd input connectors for devices like vd player, high-performance gaming platform and cable or satellite set-top box. the 6:9 aspect ratio is a winner too. the lvm-37w3 takes imagery to the next level and offers a 16.7 million true color display with a fast 8ms response time. then there is the wide 176-degree horizontal and vertical viewing angles which lets one enjoy the display from any given angle. the lvm-37w3 has an estimated retail price of $1,899click here for the full review



posted by dal @ 9:35 am  

      
  










about me

name:  dal 
location:  seattle, washington, united states 
view my complete profile



blog roll

seattle sem
down bedding news
voip news
home theater projector review
epitome of luxury

previous posts

handset and lcd tv chip solutions to drive revenue...
lg unveils new flatron lcd tv
intel concept laptop doubles as lcd tv
sony may source 32-inch lcd tv panels from taiwan ...
sony and samsung expected to expand tv-panel procu...
dell's 37-inch (w3706mc) lcd tv
mitac is exclusively shipping tvia's lcd-tv refere...
dell launches w2600 26-inch lcd tv
the mainstream lcd tv segment should remain at 32-...
westinghouse lvm-37w3 lcd tv

archives

january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006








 








