
















lean enterprise institute | learn lean thinking & practice

















































 

























 









contact us
newsletter signup
cart         (0)

account
search





search for:









 

explore lean what is lean? the lean transformation framework a brief history of lean lexicon terms  topics to explore operations lean product & process development administration & support problem-solving coaching executive leadership line management 

the lean post subscribe to see exclusive content subscribe 
 featured posts
managing on purpose excerpt
the management brief — january summary see all posts 

events & courses forms and templates  featured learningpre-summit workshopsmarch 03, 2025 | atlanta, ga2025 lean summitmarch 05, 2025 | atlanta, georgia  optional workshops march 3 & 4lean management systemsmarch 25, 2025 | coach-led online course lean warehousing and distribution operationsmarch 26, 2025 | plant city, florida see all events 

training & consulting for organizations​ interested in exploring a partnership with us? schedule a call 
 getting started leadership development custom training enterprise transformation​ case studies
store book ordering information shopping cart  featured books
managing on purpose
daily management to execute strategy: solving problems and developing people every day see all books 

about us our people senior advisors and staff faculty board of directors 
 contact us lean global network press releases in the news careers about us
 
 








making things better by advancing lean thinking and practice

learn more about lei






2025 lean summit
march 5-6, 2025  |  atlanta, georgia
optional workshops march 3-4
 
bring your team of 5 or more and save $300* on each registration!
 
*summit pass only







learn more »











what is lean thinking & practice?
rooted in purpose, people, and process, lean thinking & practice is a practical way to create more value with fewer resources.

learn more



i want to know how lean thinking can help me with


select


operations                        				
                            product & process development                        				
                            administration & support                        				
                            problem-solving                        				
                            coaching                        				
                            executive leadership                        				
                            line management                                                


go






gather some knowledge
the lean post



the latest







managing on purpose excerpt



the management brief — january summary


line management
driving continuous improvement through frontline supervisors: a conversation with trqss president mark dolsen
podcast by mark dolsen


executive leadership
reflections on doge and efficiency
article by jacob stoller











featured podcast





executive leadership
building a resilient business with hoshin kanri and problem solving : a conversation with grand rapids chair ceo geoff miller
podcast by geoff miller and mark reich


featured video





executive leadership
2024 lean summit keynote — scaling agile through lean principles
video by fabrice bernard


featured article





executive leadership
lean transformation: a long and winding road
article by josh howell





see all posts




dive deeper
lean books









managing to learn: using the a3 management process
by john shook
$50.00

add to cart 









learning to see
by mike rother and john shook
$60.00

add to cart 









everything i know about lean i learned in first grade
by robert martichenko
$20.00

add to cart 









lean lexicon 5th edition
by lean enterprise institute
$25.00

add to cart 






see all products




apply lean thinking
events & training




custom coaching and learning experiences
schedule time






co-learning partnerships
learn more








featured learning

see all events





march 03, 2025


in-person course
pre-summit workshops


atlanta, ga





view event







march 05, 2025


summit
2025 lean summit


atlanta, georgia  optional workshops march 3 & 4





the premier leadership conference shaping the future of lean management for every business.
view event







march 25, 2025


live online course
lean management systems


coach-led online course 





improve performance and create innovation.
view event







see all events and training







the a3 course from lei has helped shape our course of action on problem-solving. while we don’t necessarily complete an a3 for all problems yet, the class has helped train our thinking, holding back on jumping to countermeasures before asking basic level questions, and working through pdca.
jon yoder
research & development, veada


first, i want to extend a huge thank you to you for giving your time and talent to helping me develop during the lean summit. i am continuing to work on the a3 and have so many ideas as we move forward with audit improvements. thank you for opening your schedule to the workshop participants again, i am very thankful for your time and for helping me develop professionally. i am confident that growing these skills will assist in providing the means to improve outcomes for children and families!
heather h. kestian
deputy director of strategic solutions and agency transformation indiana department of child services


i thoroughly enjoyed the training as well as my coworkers. thank you for making the training memorable and engaging. now to put it to use!
jennie thomas
quality systems manager, hp hood llc







company partners

























subscribe to get the very best of lean thinking delivered right to your inbox



                                            subscribe                                            











privacy policy
sitemap


linkedin
twitter
youtube
instagram
facebook

©copyright 2000-2025				lean enterprise institute, inc. all rights reserved.
				lean enterprise institute, the leaper image, and stick figure are registered trademarks of lean enterprise institute, inc.
			


this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. learn more. acceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept














 


























