


kilin tyme cabins in blairsville, georgia

















toggle navigation






 

cabins for rent

laurel cabin
juniper cabin
willow cabin
dogwood cabin
magnolia cabin
wildwood cabin

cabin amenities 
of interest
tyme out
things to do
rates and info
location
contact us







































previous



next



kilin tyme cabins in blairsville, georgia 
kilin tyme cabins in blairsville, georgia is a wonderful place on a beautiful
      wooded mountainside. you will find a private paved road that gently winds
      up the mountain, under a cool, shady canopy of trees. it's the perfect
      place to spend weekends, extended vacations, or any special occasion.
      it's also a great escape, to just get away and kill some time....any way
      you choose. click on the cabins link for a glimpse of the pleasant surprises
    awaiting you up the road. 
located in the blue ridge mountains of north georgia 
kilin tyme cabins provides exactly what cabins in the blue ridge mountains
      should be. 
secluded, vacation cabins with nearby activities 
kilin tyme cabins is located on a secluded site, away from any commercial
      activity and residential communities although a wide variety of activities
      such as golf and water sports are nearby. sorry...no theme parks, traffic,
      crowds, outrageous expense, or stress. however, we do have mountains and
      countryside more spectacular than money can buy. the air is clean, the
      water is crystal clear, weather mild, and the "livin" is easy.
      we know that you will thoroughly enjoy your stay at kilin tyme cabins
      -- and thousands of previous guests agree. our regulars return often to
      enjoy kilin tyme cabins hospitality.
kilin tyme cabins are just outside of charming blairsville, georgia but
      not too far from lots of wonderful experiences. the location is fantastic!
      it seems very remotely isolated while on the mountain; however almost
      any kind of convenience or necessity is a short drive. unlike most cabins,
      you will not be stranded.
pets are welcome at kilin tyme cabins 
pets! to make your stay as enjoyable as possible, bring your pet. we
      are pet friendly and your pet is welcome as well.
kilin tyme cabins are private and cozy 
our cabins and grounds are prepared for you -- our guests. they are not
      time shares, or second homes. they are quaint, comfy, mountain-country
      cabins for your enjoyment.
hotels or resorts can't compare with the serenity, privacy and convenience
      of our country setting and your own personal cabin.â all wood interiors
      and appointments render a cozy log cabin style atmosphere. we are committed
      to providing truly country, vacation style cabins, as one would picture
      them to be. 
several sizes of cabins are available as vacation rentals 
kilin tyme cabins offers a variety of accommodations ranging from the
      laurel cabin, an adorable one bedroom,
      to the splendid wildwood cabin, a three bedroom, two bath favorite that
      sleeps six.â kilin tyme is the perfect venue for gatherings such as family
      or friends vacations, retreats or reunions, and executive business meetings
      -- just about any special occasion. 
 

 
 
 















email: teb@windstream.net 
kilin tyme cabins
	       205 tyme out lane
	       blairsville, georgia 30512

call today for reservations.
706-745-1900

the laurel cabin 

the juniper cabin 

the willow cabin 

the dogwood cabin 

the magnolia cabin 
 
the wildwood cabin
	       we are located just
	       outside of charming blairsville,
	       georgia but not too far from lots
	         of wonderful experiences. to make your stay as enjoyable as possible,
	         bring your pet. we are pet friendly! our cabins and grounds are prepared
	         for you...our guests. they are not time shares or second homes. they
           are quaint mountain-country cabins for your enjoyment.
contact kilin tyme cabins today for reservations! 
706-745-1900





© 2008 - 2023 by kilin tyme cabins - all rights reserved 
web design by janice boling 
 







