









home | dan'l webster inn & spa | cape cod, ma



















































































skip to content


dining closed until further notice. we apologize for any inconvenience



 
 149 main street sandwich, ma 02563


 
(508) 888-3622







dan'l webster inn & spa



 
 







logo
lodging


rooms
amenities
packages


dining


dining menus
reservations


spa
events


meetings
special occasions
event menus


weddings


packages
wedding album


inn info


gift cards
loyalty program
happenings
contact hotel
contact sales
gallery
policies
careers
local area
guest info


book now





 




home

















 









































room reservation











dining reservations











spa reservations

















extraordinary hotel in sandwich, massachusetts.




welcome to the dan'l webster inn & spa


as the centerpiece of the oldest town on cape cod - sandwich, the inn has offered cape cod lodging for over 300 years. today's visitors of our boutique inn on cape cod are treated to the romance of the past with today's conveniences.



















dining 

















weddings & events 

















spa 



























guest rooms & romantic suites
forty-eight beautifully appointed luxury rooms and romantic suites accommodate guests seeking a cape cod vacation or getaway close to home. our boutique cape cod inn reflects the essence of true colonial charm and casual elegance.












guest rooms









view room













suites









view room




















beach plum spa
 








welcome to the beach plum spa at the dan'l webster inn. you are about to enter a special place where your every need will be met, your body invigorated, your mind rested, and your spirit restored. in this sanctuary you will find tranquility, peace and a sense of renewal.







see our spa services










































































we got best hotel/motel via the enterprise on cape magazine!



























click here to view article


















































stay in touch






sign up to receive news and updates from us!






email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe to example: yes, i would like to receive emails from dan'l webster inn & spa. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: dan'l webster inn & spa. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact



















 

gift cards | happenings | contact hotel






     


     


     







the dan’l webster inn & spa
&nbsp149 main street sandwich, ma 02563

(508) 888-3622  |  info@danlwebsterinn.com


privacy policy.
ca privacy notice.
website accessibility.

created by travel media group ©  all rights reserved. 












logo
lodging
dining
spa
events
weddings
inn info
book now



copyright © 2025 dan'l webster inn & spa — ascension theme by godaddy




this website uses cookies to improve your experience. by continuing, you consent to our use of cookies. click here to learn about our policies.    accept & closeprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept












close this module
dining is closeddining is closed until further notice.
we apologize for any inconvenience. click 'learn more' below for updates.
learn more

close this module
sign up for our newsletter!click here 




























skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






accessibility statementaccessibility statement 







