




software ag developer center























































developer center












products









docs & learning









community & events









support














































stay tuned






free trial





































                        adabas & natural
 

                    





                                build and deploy future-ready applications
                            

















                                webmethods + streamsets

                            





                                        discover super ipaas
                                    

















                                cumulocity iot

                            





                                        join the iot community
                                    
























                    made for builders
                

the software ag developer center is the starting point for anyone building a solution – if you are trying a product for the first time or have decades of experience.
find everything that can help you make the most of our platforms all in one place – training courses and certifications, product documentation, tutorials (video and written), technical articles, news, events, communities, support, valuable assets and more.





            discover our products
        

















        adabas & natural
    
















                    adabas
                

adabas is one of the leading database management systems for mission-critical applications. it is hardware-independent, and unparalleled in scalability and performance. count on leading-edge adabas & natural technologies to help you optimize your it environment and modernize your applications, risk-free and fast. connect to new services with apis. run adabas & natural in the cloud.



            get started
        






















                    natural
                

naturalone is eclipse-based environment allowing you to develop and maintain high-performance natural applications hosted on z/os, linux or cloud. with naturalone, you can integrate it with common devops tools available in your organization.



            get started
        









        internet of things
    
















            get started
        








                        cumulocity iot
                    

cumulocity iot is a market-leading iot platform that combines device connectivity and device management with application enablement and analytics. cumulocity iot offers everything you need out of the box, including documented apis, sdks, and a modern user interface on which you can configure and develop your unique iot solution. this reduces the effort to build and maintain your iot solution and accelerates your time-to-market in comparison to similar products. 






            get started
        









        application integration
    
















                    webmethods.io integration
                

webmethods.io integration is an integration platform as a service (ipaas) which enables you to rapidly integrate cloud and even on-premises applications. the platform provides an extensive library of pre-defined connectors for the most popular cloud applications, as well as the capability to easily create custom rest, soap, flat-file and on-premise application connectors.



            get started
        






















                    webmethods integration platform
                

the webmethods integration platform is a robust, scalable runtime with a library of over 300 connectors for integrating with on-premises and cloud applications, databases, and b2b partners. the graphical interface enables rapid development of integration logic, as well as data mapping and transformation, leveraging a large library of built-in utilities. 



            get started
        









        data integration
    
















            get started
        








                        streamsets
                    

the streamsets dataops platform empowers engineers to build and run the smart data pipelines needed to power data integration across hybrid and multi-cloud architectures. that’s why the largest companies in the world trust streamsets to power millions of data pipelines for modern analytics, ai/ml, smart applications and hybrid integration.






            get started
        









        api management
    
















            get started
        








                        webmethods api management
                    

webmethods api management is a leading platform for everything-api. it provides capabilities to manage the full lifecycle of apis, from the inception until retiring.






            get started
        









        b2b
    
















            get started
        








                        webmethods.io b2b
                    

webmethods.io b2b is software ag’s secure, format-neutral, business-document gateway that recognizes and processes documents that are exchanged between partners. it supports standard communication protocols, such as http/s, as2, sftp and rnif, and has built in support for both xml and edi documents. 






            get started
        




























latest news












nov 7, 2024

application builder, blueprint forge, demo catalog deprecation notice



read more


















nov 7, 2024

please read carefully: important update for ms sharepoint integration



read more


















oct 31, 2024

the new aris 10 sr27 release is available



read more




















read more news


























                    community
                

ask questions, find answers and connect with your peers.



            join community
        






















upcoming events





                  an error occurred. please contact the support.
               






see more events













                    stay tuned
                

receive the latest news, invites to exclusive events, the best learning resources and top assets to your inbox.



            sign up for newsletter
        


































welcome









                analysts
            



                developers
            



                investors
            



                partners
            



                press
            



                government
            



                universities
            



                job seekers
            






discover









                about software ag
            



                customers
            



                services
            



                training
            



                content library
            



                blog
            



                iso certifications
            



                research
            






connect









                contact us
            



                get support
            



                find a partner
            



                join a community
            



                attend an event
            



                find us
            



                connect with user groups
            



                subscribe to updates
            





















        the name software ag and all software ag product names are either trademarks or registered trademarks of software ag and/or its subsidiaries and/or its affiliates and/or their licensors. other company and product names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.
    












© 2020-2024 software gmbh

social responsibility 


terms of use


imprint


privacy



cookie preferences 














































































































































ics


jpg


pdf


wrd


xls







