




canadian geophysical union / union géophysique canadienne.
































































skip to content 


section menu 
biogeosciences
geodesy
hydrology
solid earth
 














 






menu 
home

archived announcements


about cgu

cgu history
membership
meetings
executive
bylaws
minutes
equity, diversity and inclusion in the cgu


sections

biogeosciences
geodesy
hydrology
solid earth


publications
awards

j. tuzo wilson medal
young scientist award
meritorious service award
don gray scholarship in canadian hydrology
stan paterson scholarship in canadian glaciology
best student paper awards


jobs
news
online presentations

online seminars 2020
online seminars 2021


cnc/iugg
 








welcome to the homepage of the canadian geophysical union (cgu), dedicated to the advancement and dissemination of geophysical research.
 

join us at the cgu's 2025 annual scientific meeting in saskatoon, saskatchewan.
call for session proposals
the theme of the 2025 meeting is “resilient futures”. we invite all members to submit proposals for scientific sessions at the meeting. for more information and to submit a proposal, please see: https://www.cmos.ca/site/congress/callforproposal?nav=sidebar.
the deadline for proposals is december 10.


cgu statement against racism
the canadian geophysical union represents a diverse group of people who study biogeochemistry, earth surface processes, geodesy, hydrology and the solid earth. we are students, teachers and researchers. many of us are deeply affected by recent acts of racism and the continuing systemic oppression of black people, indigenous people and people of colour through ongoing institutional and societal racism. we want everyone in our society and broader community to be treated equally in their home institutions, their professional spaces, and in the outdoors where many of us carry out our research. we encourage all our members to educate themselves on the ways in which racism manifests in their own lives and workplaces and how they can push back against it. the canadian geophysical union’s equity, diversity and inclusion committee is working to dismantle systemic discrimination in our union.



we represent the interests of canadian geoscientists through annual scientific meetings, awards programs, interactions with funding agencies, and advocating for the role of science in society and policy-making. we particularly encourage student participation through travel grants to the annual meeting, and an extensive series of student awards.
earth sciences are key to canada’s prosperity, safety, sustainability, and sovereignty. understanding earth science processes forms the basis of efficient and effective management of earth’s resources, and allows us to reduce risk and hazards from more devastating earth system processes.





 


							
							advance & promote													
our goal is to advance and promote the scientific study of earth and its environment, and serve as a national focus for the geophysical sciences in canada.




 


							
							encourage communication													
we strongly encourage all forms of communication through the organization and sponsorship of conferences and the publication and dissemination of scientific results.







 


							
							foster cooperation													
					
											we aim to foster cooperation between the canadian geophysical community, local, national and international scientific organizations, as well as provincial and federal policy makers.					
									



 


							
							promote integration													
					
											ultimately, we promote integration of geophysical knowledge with that of other sciences concerned with the improvement of life on earth.					
									


 
 membership reminder
it's that time of year again. along with christmas, it's time to renew your cgu membership, sign up as new member, or give a membership as a christmas gift! this is a great way to be part of the geophysical community in canada, share your work and network with fellow scientists at the annual conference, or kickstart your career as an up and coming young scientist.
follow the registration link below to become a member, or renew your membership online now:




			membership portal		


cgu news
recentdeadline for biogeosciences section special issue extendedfebruary 29, 2024we continue to welcome submissions to the facets collection: canadian biogeoscience research in the food-water-energy nexus: advances from processes to modelling. the new deadline for manuscript submission is april 12. note that the 2024 annual …read more »2023 cgu membershipsnovember 14, 2022please join or renew your cgu membership by visiting https://cgu-ugc.ca/aboutcgu/membership/join-cgu/ starting november 15th! new for 2023: cgu memberships for full-time university students are free!read more »archivedonline research seminars – hydrology 4august 26, 2020online research seminars – biogeosciences section annual general meetingaugust 19, 2020online research seminars – solid earth section annual general meetingaugust 11, 2020online research seminars – union-wide poster sessionaugust 3, 2020online research seminars – biogeosciences 2july 30, 2020online research seminars – solid earth 2july 22, 2020


a strong cgu is a strong voice for canadian geophysics 
become a member today and add your voice!





			join the cgu!		





 












recent jobs





assistant professor of teaching (tenure track) in environmental sciences in the department of earth, ocean and atmospheric sciences and the institute for resources, environment and sustainability in the faculty of science at the university of british columbia, vancouver


vancouver, bc
university of british columbia
academic








phd candidate in salt marsh hydrology and biogeochemistry


halifax, ns
dalhousie university
phd











cgu secretariat
dept. of earth & planetary sciences
mcgill university, 3450 university st.
montreal, pq canada h3a 0e8
tel. 1-514-398-6767
e-mail: info@cgu-ugc.ca 
 






					copyright cgu © 2025				




































