









home - read to succeed





































































































 














read to succeed








twitter
 



facebook
 



instagram
 



youtube
 



envelope
 



phone-alt
 







monthly tutor report 



|  volunteer  | 





 





615-738-read(7323) 





 





415 n.maple st., murfreesboro, tn 37130 























menu

 


about us

mission
staff
executive board
volunteer with us
annual report
literacy resources
our latest news


youth & family literacy

online resources for youth & family
online resources for teachers


adult literacy

become a tutor
monthly tutor report


esl/ell instruction
donate
events

celebrity bee
unplug & read
reading in the schools day
one book
read to bee
ruco reading invasion


contact us





















1 out of 6 
							
rutherford co. adults struggle with literacy 
							get involved today 
							 


1 out of 6 
							
rutherford co. adults struggle with literacy 
							contact us 
							 
















read to succeed 



welcome to read to succeed, where the power of words transforms lives. we believe in the profound impact literacy has on individuals and communities alike. our mission is to improve lives in rutherford county by offering free literacy programs and events for adults and children. through collaborative efforts and unwavering dedication, we strive to break barriers and ignite a passion for reading and learning in every individual we reach. join us in our commitment to building a world where every person has the opportunity to thrive through literacy. 



read more 







 











view photos from 2024 celebrity spelling bee here.  








read to succeed wants to stay in touch & let you know about important announcements. 










subscribe to our email and text messages.
* indicates required
email address *first name *last name *phone number *





















 







over 1.5 million people in tn 



tennessee’s literacy rate is 78.3% which means approximately 1.5 million tennesseans are have low literacy skills, bordering on illiteracy. for the entire united states, the national center for education statistics (nces) finds that 21%, or about 43 million adults, have low literacy. 



view more statistics 















how can you help? 











 



donate 



every dollar you donate stays in rutherford county and provides the necessary supplies and operating costs for our family literacy programs, adult literacy tutoring, ell classes, and literacy events. 







 



volunteer 



we rely on our dedicated volunteers to help get the word out about our literacy programs, to ensure our in-school programs run smoothly, and to provide free tutoring to rutherford county adults. 







 



celebrity bee 



not only is the celebrity bee one of rutherford county’s most talked about events, but it provides a large majority of the annual operating costs read to succeed needs to reach and serve more local learners. 







 



community events 



read to succeed creates year-round events for all ages, which are designed to promote the importance of literacy in our community. we can’t wait to see you at our next one! 











2023 by the numbers 






esl classes representing 48 countries 

0
+







adults served in rutherford  county 

0
+







children served in rutherford county 

0
+







books given to families and teachers 

0
+
















see our latest posts 



feature stories 









				a home library can have a powerful effect on children			


			read more »		



			february 10, 2024		








				books are good for your brain.			


			read more »		



			january 22, 2024		








				enroll a child in the imagination library			


			read more »		



			january 10, 2024		
















 








sign up to receive our email newsletters.














 




 











 








read to succeed improves lives in rutherford county by offering free literacy programs and events for adults and children. read to succeed supports this mission by fostering literacy partnerships between providers, educators, community helpers and business owners, creating events and programming to promote literacy and providing resources such as the literacy center and this website. 






facebook
 



twitter
 



instagram
 



youtube
 










get in touch 







 





615-738-read (7323) 









 





info@readtosucceed.org 









 





415 n. maple street murfreesboro, tn  















copyright ©2024 all rights reserved  







powered by cultivation network 




 


 
 











































































