

 





black goose chimney sweep serving south east virginia



























































 
 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentcall now (757) 596-2298
black goosechimney sweep | williamsburg, yorktown, newport news, & hamptonabout us

meet our staff
license and insurance


services

chimney sweep
chimney repairs
chimney relining
chimney caps
chimney swift
top pans/chase covers
fireplace rebuild
gas log services
gas logs/inserts installation
historic restorations
dryer vent maintenance
animal removal


testimonials
coupons
news
contact
careers
search this website



over 25 years of knowledge, courtesy and concern for your comfort
black goose chimney offers chimney sweeping as well as repair, installation, & restoration of fireplaces, wood stoves, and gas fireplace inserts to the greater hampton roads area.
schedule appointment view services













































 experience matters

our lead technicians are nationally certified through the chimney safety institute of america (csia). we perform our sweeps to the standards and guidelines outlined in the successful chimney sweeping manual published by the national chimney sweep guild (ncsg). we take pride in being conscientious of your home and property by protecting it from soot or any other residue while we are performing a sweep of your fireplace and chimney system. black goose chimney offers two levels of inspection in accordance with the national fire protection association (nfpa) standards of inspections. a level i inspection is a limited visual inspection using a light. the level ii inspection is a more thorough inspection using a closed circuit camera.





fireplace rebuild


utilizing styles and performance for the type of system that will best suit you.
learn more





dryer vent


maintaining your dryer vent can have many benefits including safety and efficiency.
learn more





chimney repairs


you can trust our work and use your fireplace or wood stove with peace of mind when we leave.
learn more



client stories
 
thanks for hanging in there and working to find a solution for us.  you and your team have truly worked hard to help us solve our problem.  we would recommend your company to anyone needing chimney work or maintenance.mr. aubuchonthey are really good. i like them a lot. they are very professional. they are very clean. they know what they are doing. they are very nice. i would use them in the future.mr. reyes, virginia beachdid a very complete assessment of my chimney.  before the dryer vent lint was cleaned i thought i might need a new dryer.  thanks for the work and the estimate on the chimney repairsms. francis, virginia beachjust one word: outstanding! john is very honest about his work and in his assessment on chimney products. he is also very personable and comfortable to work with.  i like the way he does his work.mrs. hong, newport newsthe service was exceptional and professional! my mind is at ease knowing that my woodstove and dryer is safe for our family.  john was very polite and informative. i could recommend john and your services.mrs. correll, newport newsoutstanding technicians and crew.  i can’t say enough about their knowledge, attitude and competence.  they are rare in today’s world and i appreciate it. just outstanding, polite, neat, efficient and knowledgable.  thank you mike and sergey!mrs. brewer, virginia beachknowledge and honesty-finally! we want a company who wants to help us and is willing to work to do that! so happy to finally discover black goose-we’ll spread the news!mrs. holzhavsen, virginia beachi learned a lot from mike today regarding my fireplace and chimney.  i’m from hawaii and never had a fireplace before; therefore, i knew nothing about the fireplace and chimney’s operations.  mike was very patient and explained everything to me in a way that i could easily understand. mahalo, mike!mrs. ardo, williamsburgjohn did an excellent job of advising us on the best option for our problem.  he was very informative and helped us make good decisions.mrs. kapper, williamsburgblack goose chimney sweep is excellent! after dealing with three other companies and insurmountable stresses, they replaced our chase cover professionally, quickly and at the quoted price.  they came highly recommended and i would highly recommend them to anyone! thank you black goose, for a job well done and making the whole experience stress free!!a five star rating from the kuykendolls in new kent!representative was the reline crew leader from the co. very knowledgeable and made sure i was educated prior to any work done, they inspected both the outside & inside of the flue, chimney brick, cap, damper, etc. pictures were provided to make sure i understood work to be done.  sweep was completed.  they were very clean, laid drop cloth covers all over.mr. mccahey, williamsburgamazing.  their promptness was incredible, my service technician, mike, was an absolute pleasure to work with. he fully explained everything to me and did an amazing job with everything. he provided a service that was not only outstanding but had a personal touch to it which goes a long way.mrs. sparks, virginia beachexcellent. mike arrived on time, inspected the cap, took photos so we could see the condition from the ground.
he informed us that the cap was solid and did not need replacement. he cleaned the cap and painted it, took after pictures so we could see the results. mike was very professional, friendly, and answered all our questions and did a great job. the cap looks as if it is brand new.stephen and betty bilenkydock and sergey:
great job walked me thru process and were very upfront on the condition and what was and was not needed.l. lentetech ryan, very thorough and helpful. website also good. ryan gave me some business cards to pass along to my customers. i do mortgage loans.ms. cristtechs: ryan and raheem
you sent a great crew. thanks ever so much. you sure have my recommendation.eli toney, williamsburgtech: ryan and raheem
these two gentlemen did an excellent job!
i'll be requesting them to look at my own home soon. they were both professional, knowledgeable, and patient with my questions.marc barthello, hamptontechs john and raheem.
very polite!!e. russell, tappahannocktechs: john and raheem
john kerr and crew came twice to work on our chimney. both times they gave excellent service!m. ware, hamptonshowed up on time. explained every step. showed pictures of work before and after. i will recommend to others. thanks again.c j wilcoxjohn always does a great job! he always shows before and after pix and explains everything very well!alan sadleryour men could not have been nicer and very informative. thank you for coming so promptly. you are the best!nancy nicholsthanks to barbara, mr.ike for getting someone here in my "disaster" so quickly. and thank you to ryan who sounded so well trained in his work. awesome - having used many service people in the past 15 years, your company tops the list for knowledge, courtesy, concern for my comfort, and completing the job! leaving my home with no mess, rather extra careful. thanks. it was like the "good old days" keep on doing as you are...congrats!virgie williams, newport newsjohn kerr and sergey actually arrived a bit early, explained the plan, implemented it effectively, hooked everything up, tested it, and cleaned up before leaving. special thanks to sergey to whom fell the task of climbing into the crawlspace under the house... ugh!

i will certainly recommend black goose to my friends and clients.  now, if only i had remembered my part in utilizing the coupon i'd gotten off of the website...cathy dodgenjohn kerr was prompt and did a very professional job checking the status of our dryer vent. i would highly recommend him and the company to anyone interested in checking or repairing their dryer vent. we had used black goose last year to replace a flexible plastic dryer vent with a sturdy rigid duct. they did a great job (the dryer vent was routed through the ceiling of our garage, so it was not a simple job) they did the repair with minimal disruption to the ceiling and it has been
working great since then.mary burkhardtryan m. and jessie came out to inspect 9 fireplaces for a local girl scout camp. i asked a lot of questions and ryan was more than willing to take his time and explain everything to me that i wanted to know. he is very knowledgeable, friendly and thorough. thanks black goose!john pierceryan was very thorough. he arrived in the appointment window and spent almost two hours looking over our chimney. we've had four other companies out attempting to track down the source of our water problems. far and away, ryan spent took the most care and effort during his inspection.jeff sowerswe had black goose chimney do work at our home with exceptional service and workmanship.  we also found they do more than just chimney repairs and we will use them for future work.  i received before and after photos to document the problem and the finished work.  the office secretary was also exceptional in her professionalism.lyn w.jesse and sergey did an excellent job with the fireplace installation and brick veneer and i couldn’t be happier.  they were great every step of the way and addressed all of my questions and concerns professionally and pleasantly.  the finished product looks great and i would recommend black goose chimney for any installation or fireplace cleaning.  i can hardly wait for the cold weather to arrive so i can crank up the fireplace and enjoy the new addition to my home.judy dyeri would like to take this opportunity to thank you for all of your hard work rebuilding the rebecca vaughan house's foundation and chimneys.

this 1795 historic places structure was returned to its 18th century beauty due, in part, to your outstanding brick work. your craftsmanship displayed while completing this project was nothing but excellent and i hope to have the good fortune of working with you again in the near future.john quarstein, uss monitor center & foundation


locations we serve
 



barhamsville contact now
cape charles contact now
capron contact now
carrollton contact now
chesapeake contact now
cortland contact now
eastville contact now
exmoor contact now
franklin contact now
glouseter contact now
hampton contact now
ivor contact now
lanexa contact now
lightfoot contact now
matthews contact now
new kent contact now
newport news contact now
norfolk contact now
norge contact now
onley contact now
poquoson contact now
portsmouth contact now
providence forge contact now
smithfield contact now
suffolk contact now
surry contact now
toano contact now
virginia beach contact now
wakefield contact now
waverly contact now
williamsburg contact now
windsor contact now
yorktown contact now
zuni contact now








 stay in touch
 
receive money-saving coupons once a month and helpful tips about your chimney and dryer vent.

















email

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











 copyright © 2025 black goose chimney, inc. · privacy policy · website by primm advertising


facebooklinkedin
 google rating4.0based on 75 reviews                                    black goose chimney        4.0×jen testcustomer service is extremely poorlydia clarkmy glass doors, outside of my fireplace, had gotten broken..black goose had to measure, and special order the doors.they replaced them and did an excellent job.steve thompsonwe called black goose newport news to install an electric fireplace & shiplap in our family room. the space was previously used for an old fashion tv & stereo system built into the wall. they did an exceptional job filling in the space and making the room look modernized. top quality workmanship!!!robin bolingblack goose recently came out to sweep my chimney. they ended up charging me over $300 and did an inspection saying that my chimney need all sorts of repairs. i have had other chimney sweeps out over the past 15 years and never had an issue like this. they quoted 20k for the so called repairs. i will never call them again.diana dthey said i neeeded a new vent system. did it. did it wrong and then came back and didn’t even know they had done itkaren lewis"sergey" and his crew replaced our wood burning fireplace with a gas direct vent valor fireplace. it was a major project with reframing and additional issues but they did an outstanding job. "juanita" was outstanding with customer service and also karen with the scheduling. thank you for everything. go navy!rob gregorypaid for them to come out and look at my house and take measurements for a free standing woodstove and chimney. ghosted after that. i reached out again to ask about looking at pellet stoves to be installed and they haven’t replied back in a couple of weeks. glad i gave them money for no reason. it’s ok because i found a better company to do the job and they didn’t charge for an estimate. i would leave a lower star review if possible.melissa novakthe technicians performed a very thorough inspection of the fireplace in a home we are purchasing.  they took their time, checked every inch of the fireplace, including the roof and attic.  we’ll be contacting them for a gas insert!devin haslamthese guys are pretty average. they gave me incorrect info, they overcharge, and their work is average qualityjohn masonprofessional and efficient.  chimney and wood stove inspection, cleaning.rwmadmittedly this was several years ago but i scheduled them to come to smithfield and sweep my woodstove chimney. took a day off from work and they never showed and didn't call. when i called them they didn't apologize or care whatsoever and said i could reschedule. of course i said no and did it myself.caroline martinso we moved into our home about a year ago, i just wanted the chimneys swept so we could start using our fire places. the lady on the phone (who was very kind) said there was a travel fee (totally understand), the inspection fee and then sweeping of two chimneys would be around $900. ok, great. the guys come out, (who are extremely professional and kind), they do the inspection and then write up almost $33,000 in proposals of work that needs to be done to both chimneys. this is a 40 year old home and there is some mortar missing on the inside of the chimney apparently. they wanted to charge $1,400 a day for a lift when lifts we have rented in the past have been at most $500 a day. they wanted to charge $2,290 to pressure wash the chimney (do you know how small a chimney is??, i could get my whole house pressure washed for $1,500). the prices they proposed were absolutely insane. but in the end the never swept the chimneys (they confirmed they could be swept from the inside), so they charged us for the travel fee and inspection fee $500+ for nothing done. i feel so dumb.kirsten shafferi called to get an estimate for some repairs required for our home sale, as requested by the buyers following inspection. i told the person who answered the phone our closing date and when repairs would need to be completed. a technician came over the next day. he was very polite and professional. i also told him my closing date. he indicated that i would get an email estimate and could proceed with scheduling service following that. a week after he came out, i called the office to follow up and was told that the techs were extremely busy and were a month behind on estimates. when i expressed dismay, the staff member (same person i spoke to the first time was rude and dismissive. i told them i would not be using their services and not to bother with an estimate. two days later, i got an email from someone else indicating that the file was behind because the accountant had been out of the office, but that they’d get back to me asap. it’s now been 10 days and i’ve still heard nothing. i paid $149 for the inspection. if they were so behind, they should’ve mentioned that at the time i scheduled the inspection. the office staff was rude, and apparently they have no idea how to run a business. do not use them.jose garciadefinitely recommend! i was informed by the home insurance that i needed a certification. i called black goose chimney and expressed my needs. they ensured me that i had nothing to worry about and that they would make it happen regardless the time crunch. they squeezed me in their schedule and explained the process without hesitation. once again thank you!!!john puckropptechnician sergey gardner did an outstanding job explaining and fixing my fireplace. highly recommend!ltcol john puckroppusmc retiredvictoria terrilli highly recommend black goose chimney! juanita picked up my phone call and was so helpful and sweet from the get-go. joe and john c. inspected and conducted a chimney sweep on my place. both were very professional, on-time, and great to speak with. the chimney was well beyond needing a cleaning and the did a great job. they pretty much made the chimney go from black to a light grey color (which i didn’t know was possible) and they also cleaned up after themselves. joe and john c. were so nice and even tolerated my terrible (and overused) mary poppins references. i would absolutely recommend black goose chimney and joe/john c. they did a great job!e hmy homeowner’s insurance on my new house said i needed to have my wood stove removed or they’d cancel my policy. black goose chimney was able to come out and do the job within a few days, sealed off the chimney, and provided me pictures to send the insurance company. the crews who came out were on time, professional, knowledgeable, and laid down blankets to protect my floors. karen in the office was so helpful with getting me the pictures for my insurance company.mary kay corbinwork for a keller williams agency.  needed a chimney repair on a house closing the following day.  black goose was able to check it out the day i called and are able to make repairs the following day!  mike the tech, more then helpful as was lois in the office.  i highly recommend them for your chimney and fireplace needs!!sovonia goldenmiriam kotsonissuper helpful and knowledgeable staff!levi collinsmrs. karen was wonderful and got us scheduled right away, the service team was excellent and professional. mr. jim ordered our part and it came the next week, nice lady called me and they scheduled it for the very next day. i highly recommend this company for there excellent attention to detail, customer service that makes you feel like family, and quick response time.robandpathy sexcellent servicewilliam maceif i could give negative stars i would! these guys jerked my 80 year old mother around during christmas when it was freezing. someone told mom to call these guys because the furnace was venting into the basement. a dude looking like bob marley shows up and says he can't fix it or even look at it because we have slate roof and they need special equipment to get up there. ok. i get it. when can you come back? someone will call you. no. no one called me. i called the next week. by this time mom had to sleep downstairs in front of fireplace to stay warm. i called. dude on phone said he didn't know anything about it but would get back to me day after new years. he didn't.  i called again on wednesday. no one answered. i left a message. nothing.al budaszewskii had my fireplace serviced recently.  they were able to restore full function to my gas fireplace and remote control without replaccing any components.  they are honest, thorough, and i would do business with them again.skip savelldorethea johnsonthey attempted to charge me an absorbent amount for money a fireplace chain cover. they qouted a  me the price for it. they didn't have it in stock. when it came in. they had changed the price by more than double.kyle russelli seen a employee hit another vehicle on 64 and keep driving. wouldn't want that integrity working at my house.william chandlervery professional and thorough.jory morrisonfrances mccoy-brownfrom the person answering the phone and scheduling my appointment.  to the two men who came out and did a chimney check were very courteous and professional.  i was provided with information that would help me make an informed decision.  there was no hard sell !  i would recommend them.yvonne richardsonhad my chimney and firebox repaired. they did the work in very reasonable time and did a very good job. were on time and were respectful, courteous and professional. cleaned up nicely also. the lady in the office was very friendly and helpful.bridget simsbrian lucasi paid them to perform a diagnostic on my gas logs that were not lighting.  the tech determined i have a faulty valve and told me the office would look up the part and send me a quote to replace it.  that was nearly three months ago.  i called the office twice during that time to remind them and got the run-around.  don’t waste your time on this company.amanda wrotenken nelsonpauretta bankslove my fire place! they did a great job and made sure i was satisfied before they left.tom jowershigh prices but as the old saying goes "you get what you pay for." in this case, quality service.john simsthis company helped fix our chimney after a very scary fire we had. great quality work and very professional crewpamela masonblack goose chimney did a superb job for us.  their technician joe is a pleasure to work with and is not only professional and polite, but does fantastic work!  on time, great workmanship and a pleasure to work with - what more can you ask for.  i would recommend black goose chimney to anyone.deborah hillmichael chasewhat a great team. highly professional, knowledgable and no nonsense tell it like it is workers. sergey is a master brick layer and technician. i will not use anyone else when it comes to brick and chimney work.the owner, jim and kathy, front office, are absolutely great to work with. i highly reccommend this company.william marxthe terracota liner to the oil boiler had broken after 50 years. jim came out and gave an estimate and managed to promptly get a crew here on a saturday to replace it with a steel liner. the crew, sergei and michael, arrived on time and were quite polite, efficient and neat. the left the house in better shape than when they arrived. they took care that the 5 month old puppy was kept away from the repair materials. michael went so far as to clear the entire roof of pine needles, not just the area he was working. greatly appreciated. they truly went the extra mile!selina tylerjames simonewanted to charge a $99.00 service call for an estimate. other companies came for freesean bdon lovisthey came out to do a dryer vent sweep. they quoted me 800.00 labor for 2 hours to fix one dryer pipe 10 ft long. hired another company and charged 75.00. i will never use them againanthony cronin jrvery professionalshared concern to apply money to return maximum value with highest quality!wayne boothcalled today to schedule cleaning two chimneys. the price they quoted was more than double other places i called. and they were booked out three weeks. the company i scheduled with was six weeks out. it was worth the wait.peter henrievery disappointed with my experience with this company.  i called to get a quote for a gas stove installed.  they sent their employee who charged me $100 to quote me, this wasn't told to me on the initial call, only at the end of the onsite visit to quote.  i was told it would be removed from cost of the installation however they were unresponsive to calls and emails multiple times afterwards that i gave up moving forward with them.  would sadly not recommend.billd354used this company about 6 or 7 years ago for a new crown and mortar joint work.  felt they did a good job.  tried to get them to do more work, however after sending me a confirmation phone call that they would be there, they cancelled at the last minute.  they did call me and tell me that a person called in sick, so i asked if the next time i schedule that they guarantee no matter what, they meet their appointment obligations.  the person would not and so other person called me back, who also would not.  they obviously gave preferential treatment to some customers, because they didn't get cancelled.  this person told me a different story, that the person was in a car accident the previous day.  then why didn't they call me first thing in the morning?  this person also would not guarantee that they would definitely be there on the reschedule.  if you live on the southside, you can expect to be the first to be cancelled.  which was it? sick, car accident, or just didn't want to drive through the tunnel because both people i talked to wanted to give me to their competitors.see all reviewswrite a review 


















