






mr trash recycles | mid-valley garbage  recycling association
































home
resources
about us

haulers
team


services
news

holidays & weather


contact us
 


select page


  
 
 











welcome to

mid-valley garbage & recycling association

garbage and recycle haulers serving residents and businesses in marion county and west salem.

get started








haulers

find your hauler

find your hauler

our haulers serve residences and businesses in marion county including west salem. find out which hauler is in your area by clicking the button above.








































marion county







salem


























curbside tool

try out our new curbside collection tool here! we will be constantly updating this and adding more information to make sure we pass on as much information as possible to you. through this tool you can find your curbside collection calendar, as well as a recycling guide where you can search any items to learn how to dispose of them at the curb and beyond!













quick links


r

who is my hauler?




r

recycle info




r

recycle depots




r

more services




r

low income/disabled discount
20% off any service package is available for customers who qualify for the salem city water/sewer assistance program. click the link above for information to qualify and how to apply.






ask a question

	notice: javascript is required for this content.














what we do

provided resources








recycling depots

recycling is one of the best ways to have a positive impact on the world in which we live. it is important to both the natural environment and you. below you will find information on the local recycling depots.

read more







marion county haulers

mid-valley garbage & recycling association is both locally-owned & locally-operated garbage/recycle haulers serving residents and businesses in marion county and west salem, oregon for more than 50 years! find out which garbage and recycling hauler services your area.

view haulers





marion county haulers

mid-valley garbage & recycling association is both locally-owned & locally-operated garbage/recycle haulers serving residents and businesses in marion county, oregon for more than 50 years! find out which garbage and recycling hauler services your area.

view haulers






more services

our haulers provide services from residential, commercial, & industrial recycling to waste removal. haulers also provide in-home junk removal from yards to attics. call the experts today!

read more












questions?

get in touch







follow us

follow




 








our services residential
commercial
recovery facility
sharps

contact 3690 brooklake rd ne,
salem, or 97303
p: (503) 390-4000

mailing address po box 9130
salem, or 97305

 



copyright mid-valley garbage & recycling association  |  developed by lewis media group  |  privacy policy  |  terms and conditions 








































