
























































    contractor umbrella company | paycheck services paye / cis umbrella
  



 














              
 


 
    home



  paye contractors



  cis contractors



  take home pay calculator



  register



  contact











    
 





       
paye & cis registered contractor umbrella services with over 20 years  experience,it's clear - we take care of business!


   introducing paycheck services ltd - umbrella company | paye & cis established in 1997, paycheck services is one of the uk’s longest-running umbrella companies.  we offer an efficient and dedicated payroll system/employment service, helping freelancers, contractors and agency workers keep their finances in order.  we’re fully compliant with hmrc regulations and you’re assured of the utmost professionalism. as one of the uk’s leading providers of umbrella services we’re certain that if you switch to us from another umbrella company, you won’t be disappointed.  much of our business is built upon reputation and recommendation from other happy contractors – your assurance we really deliver.  



   
   




efficient
     






confidential
    



reliable
    



secure


   




   get switched on: it’s brighter at paycheck paye umbrella company 
- for over two decades, thousands of paycheck clients have not only enjoyed superior and compliant paye umbrella services, but reaped the rewards of many exclusive member benefits. from free mortgage and loan references to insurance cover and pension schemes, we’ll ensure your needs are met. for your peace of mind, we’re ico registered, we guarantee your personal information will be processed in accordance with general data protection regulation (gdpr) eu regulation 2016/679agency services -
here at paycheck services, we appreciate the importance of maintaining good-working relationships with recruitment agencies – helping you save time and money. as an agency client, you can be confident you’ll receive professional umbrella company solutions that are fully compliant with current hmrc legislation. our dedicated consultants ensure your contractors are looked after every step of the way. cis umbrella company -
paycheck services has many years’ experience fulfilling the requirements of contractors in the construction industry. we’re fully cis registered, reducing the burden of the paperwork associated with cis contractor and cis subcontractor payments.our highly competitive “pay as you go“ policy has no hidden umbrella company fees, no extra costs, same day payments and offers unrivalled customer serviceour great value weekly and monthly margin mean you can enjoy hassle-free, safe and cost-effective cis umbrella and paye umbrella services – perfect for freelance contractors. we operate on a flat-rate administration margin, only charging for the weeks you’ve actually worked. there are no joining or leaving fees, hidden charges, fees for expenses or end of year fees – just a simple umbrella service that’s tailored to your individual circumstances.  



   
    

  paye umbrella service
we offer a compliant, hassle free service which is available to contractors and freelancers from any industry, working anywhere in the uk and abroad.    

button




  

  construction industry scheme
we are registered with hm revenue and customs as both a cis contractor and cis subcontractor which enables us to offer two services to any cis contractor. our aim is to make your life and your client’s lives easier by alleviating the majority of the paperwork.    

button





view more




   your dedicated personal consultant will ensure you’re paid on-time, every time! on joining, you will be provided with a dedicated consultant from our team of highly trained professionals. your consultant's aim is to ensure that you get the most out of using our services. 



   we guarantee fast and discrete handling of all your requirements. our team of highly trained consultants are committed to providing the best possible service – because your satisfaction is our highest priority.
 give us a call and tell us what you are looking for. we are happy to assist you with any questions you may have.


   help and advice we are available over the phone at any time during normal office hours 



   request a take home pay calculation we don’t believe in wasting your time with a speculative quote using standard hours and expensesour umbrella company quote is tailored specifically for your individual requirementsdata protection statement: the protection of your information is of extreme importance to us. for more information, please view our privacy policy
 
 request take home pay calculation
   full name:

 d.o.b

 phone:

 email:

 job description:

 tax code:

 quote type:
 
paye umbrella
cis umbrella
both options


 pay frequency:
 
weekly
monthly
quote for both


 how many days/hrs?

 what is your rate?

 personal expenses : subject to your sdc status


 message:





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




   
   mon - fri
 9:00 am 
- 5:00 pm


 sat - sun
closed




 
    







 
01492 536 111


   contact send us a message to find out more. 



    



 send us a message  send us a message
   name:

 email:

 phone:

 message:





your message has been sent.
your message could not be sent.

data protection statement: the protection of your information is of extreme importance to us. for more information, please view our privacy policy






      home 
| paye umbrella company 
| cis umbrella company 
| umbrella company quote 
| register 
| legal notice 
| privacy policy 
| contact


   


 
contact us 2 wynnstay road, colwyn bay, ll29 8nb   tel:
 01492 536 111fax: 01492 536 100   e-mail:
 paycheck@paycheckservices.co.uk

 


 

   

























































































  
  share by:










