st. laurence high school - home  work at st. laurencecheck out our job openings and come work at the fastest growing catholic school in the southland.see job openingsst. laurence: a place of transformationwhere courageous leaders are shaped by spirituality and technology, academics and athletics.where the catholic school experience is evolving to meet a dynamic future.where young men and women learn to make a difference in their community and the world.inquirevisitgivemake your markour graduates go on to do amazing things, achieving high levels of success in various diverse fields. our alumni continue to give back and stay involved, providing real world experience to our students.push yourselfyear after year, students experience personal growth in knowledge, teamwork, confidence and spirituality, setting them up for success in college and beyond.break the moldst. laurence blends the best of tradition and innovation, providing a great student experience while embracing a changing world.we’re the first stem-accredited high school in illinois, with a curriculum built around project-based learning in a team-driven environment, and rooted in the essential elements of an edmund rice christian brother education.make your markour graduates go on to do amazing things, achieving high levels of success in various diverse fields. our alumni continue to give back and stay involved, providing real world experience to our students.push yourselfyear after year, students experience personal growth in knowledge, teamwork, confidence and spirituality, setting them up for success in college and beyond.st. laurence by the numbersdifferent arts electivesstudentszip codes reepresentedelective offeringsap or ib level coursesavg class sizecareer pathway coursesathletic programsdifferent arts electivesstudentsfollow us on social media!featured newsst. laurence named #7 best catholic high school in illinoisread morest. laurence announces spring '24 honor rollread morest. laurence announces historic class of illinois state scholarsread moreread all news5556 west 77th street,burbank, il 60459 (708) 458-6900vikings@stlaurence.comdepartmentsadmissionsathleticsstudent lifefaith & spiritualityabout stlresourcesfor alumnibecome a vikingmake a giftcalendarnewspowerschool© copyright 2022 st. laurence

