















lawyers answering service







































































lawyers answering service






























































































sunday, november 17, 2013








benefits of hiring a lawyer answering service









as a lawyer, you are often out of the office -- sometimes more 
than you are in it. if you worry about how potential-client calls are 
handled when you can't take them, consider hiring a lawyer reply 
service. for much less than what you would pay a full-time receptionist,
 a lawyer answering service provides call answering and receptionist 
services around the clock, every day of the year. here are just a few of
 the benefits a lawyer answering service provides:

there definitely is a difference between a general answering service
 and a lawyer reply service. in addition to call-handling training that 
allows agents to be professional, confident, and knowledgeable in any 
call situation, lawyer answering service agents receive special training
 to understand legal terminology, know the different types of law, and 
be able to classify cases correctly.
many lawyer answering services provide virtual receptionist services
 as well. when answering calls, receptionists go beyond simply 
identifying your firm by name, and they give the impression they are 
part of your regular office staff. this service usually is not part of 
general call answering.
another benefit of a lawyer reply service is the ability of the 
agents or receptionists to schedule appointments. it's important to find
 out if the appointment calendar is available to you online and if it 
will sync to your outlook calendar or whatever software calendar system 
you use. before making a final decision, ask the company for a tour of 
the appointment-scheduling service.
in addition to appointment scheduling, a lawyer answering service 
may also use intake forms to better handle potential-client calls. using
 a customized intake form, a receptionist can record the calls, complete
 the form, and send it to you to import to your case management 
software. ask the lawyer response service if the receptionist can e-mail
 the intake form and/or immediately connect the caller to you if you 
request it. you can save time and money in retaining new clients when 
you take advantage of these kinds of services.
call protocols are another great way to personalize the service your
 current and potential clients receive. depending upon the lawyer 
answering service you choose, you may be able to set up a variety of 
call protocols that give agents detailed instructions on how to handle 
possible call situations or to immediately know which calls to connect 
directly to you. combined with virtual receptionist services, call 
protocols convey the personalized attention clients look for and provide
 coverage beyond normal business hours while saving you the additional 
expense of a full-time employee.
check with the lawyer response service you are considering to see if
 the plan includes call reports. these reports provide metrics you can 
use to tailor your marketing and/or sales messages. they also are 
essential to track business growth.
most lawyer reply services record calls and should provide them to 
you upon request. talk with the companies you are considering in order 
to take full advantage of the call-recording benefits they offer. if you
 prefer not to have calls recorded, you should be able to opt out of 
this service option.


whether your specialty is bankruptcy, personal injury, 
criminal law or another area, a lawyer answering service can benefit 
your practice. it is a cost-effective way to provide a high level of 
service to your current and potential clients while eliminating the 
worry about missed calls and messages. if you are out of the office even
 more than you are in it, explore the benefits of a lawyer response 
service.






posted by

jenifer gocerty



at

4:50 am



14 comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
lawyer answering,
lawyer answering service,
lawyer service












home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2013

(1)





        ▼ 
      



november

(1)

benefits of hiring a lawyer answering service



















































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























