




dmeb - home & more !dmeb | home & more !	










































dmeb


home & more !
 

skip to content

homeprivacy policy








← older posts



hacks for quick house cleaning for covid

posted on october 27, 2020 by richard harris 


people often think that in order to make a home clean and covid-19 free, one needs to do a deep cleaning. however, that is not the case always. deep cleaning is good for the house, but if you need your adobe to shine in a quick time, there are many other ways as well. there are different easy and simple ways to ensure that your house cleaning by decontaminating and disinfecting for covid-19 is guaranteed to sanitize and disinfect. all you have to do is to pay attention to the simple hacks to clean your house. 
this could also be used as quick cleaning tips as well. it takes less time but is very effective in cleaning the house.
club soda for stain removal
stains are very common at home. stains can be found in carpet and at the rugs as well. however, you can remove it quickly if you want with just club soda. all you have to do is to use carbonated water to wet the place where there is a stain. the place should be left to soak the carbonated water for some time. a fresh towel or paper can be used then to blot away the stain. if it is done immediately, then the stain can be removed. however, sometimes, one may need to repeat it a few times for better results.
clean the lampshades
the lampshades can be very attractive and aesthetic at home. however, the dust is generally accumulated very frequently at the lampshades. a simple lint roller can be used to clean the accumulated dust of the lampshades. simply roll the roller over the dust to clean it efficiently.
coconut oil
coconut oil can be very effective in cleaning purposes. leather often loses the shine. however, coconut oil can save you from all that. few drops of coconut oil on a lint-free cloth can do wonders. it can revive the shine of the leather in minutes. it can also be applied to furniture gently to get the shine back. the small scratches and the dents on leather can also be repaired by coconut oil.
hydrogen peroxide
the stains from grease or butter can be very hard to remove. it can be table cloths or any other cloths. however, hydrogen peroxide can come to your rescue. if you treat the cloth with hydrogen peroxide before washing it, then the stains can be removed easily. your fabric is susceptible to grease and the hydrogen peroxide works as a perfect agent to push it away from the fabric.
magic eraser
the magic eraser can be of great help for quick cleaning. if you have stains at the toilet then rubbing the area with a magic eraser can help you to remove the stain immediately. you can also put the magic eraser at the bowl overnight. during the morning rolls, it should eliminate the rings effectively.
cleaning the house is a daunting task. however, whether you do quick or deep cleaning can be an effective way of regular cleaning. that does not really mean that deep cleaning is not required. periodic deep cleaning of your house is inevitable.



posted in home, tips 
|
comments off on hacks for quick house cleaning for covid



how to deep clean your home

posted on july 16, 2020 by richard harris 

how to deep clean your home

we understand the significance of a clean home. a clean home is free from diseases, free from unhealthy allergens and is full of positivity. in order to maintain a clean home, we often vacuum our home, do the dusting of the shelves, and scrub the toilets and bathrooms as well. however, that does not mean a clean house. yes, no doubt, these are part of the cleaning process, but we do need deep cleaning as well. the deep cleaning ensures that our house is protected from all the dust, dirt and the diseases. here is how we can do the deep cleaning as provided by www.montrealmaidservices.com/cleaning-services-montreal.html.
air duct cleaning
air ducts are possibly the dirtiest place. well, it cleans the air and thus is full of dust. however, the dust that settles there might come back to the air to pollute the indoor air quality. generally, people ignore the air duct cleaning as it is not in direct eyesight. however, the air duct has mold, bacteria, dust, allergen and much more that circulates through the air and makes us very sick. it is therefore very important that the air duct is thoroughly cleaned periodically. we should never ignore the air duct as it can become a source of indoor air pollution.
carpet cleaning
carpet is another air filter at home. the dust particles, bacteria, and others get settled at the carpet fiber. if the carpet is not cleaned, the dust particles get re-introduced to the air. this can again make the house very dirty and also can be the cause of an unhealthy environment. thus the carpet must be vacuumed and periodically deep cleaned. a deep cleaned carpet looks good and also good for health.  thus we should make sure that the carpet is cleaned.
furniture cleaning
the furniture and the upholstery must be cleaned regularly as well. this is also part of the deep cleaning of your home. the furniture can soak a huge amount of dirt and dust. this is one of the areas at home that is susceptible to dust. thus we must not ignore this again. it should be periodically cleaned. deep cleaning of furniture has multiple benefits. yes, the dust does not come to the air again to pollute the indoor air. it also helps to keep the house healthy and clean. the deep cleaning of furniture also helps the furniture to protect from the pests. dirty furniture can become a nest of many pests and bugs.
professional cleaning
the best and the easiest way to deal with this to hire a professional cleaning service. the professional cleaning services comprised of all kinds of experts who can handle the cleaning of the entire house. the best part is that we don’t need any specific people for a specific service. the quality of cleaning is of course very high and it also comes with assurance.
deep cleaning is much required at home for a healthy home and thus must be followed either at home or through professional service.



posted in home 
|
comments off on how to deep clean your home



pros and cons of different carpet cleaning methods

posted on july 14, 2020 by richard harris 

carpet cleaning is one of the most confusing topics in a home. people often argue how often they should clean their carpet. some belief once in a year is enough for deep cleaning, but few think twice is a year is good. however, many rely on cleaning carpet at home. however, this may not be adequate for effective cleaning as well. so, does cleaning depend upon the method of cleaning? well, some of the cleanings have edge over others that is indeed true. but every cleaning method has its pros and cons.

so, here are the pros and cons of carpet cleaning as shared by a company in brampton.
dry cleaning
in this type of cleaning, an absorbent compound is moistened with water and cleaning solvent. this is then spread over the entire carpet. the carpet is rubbed and agitated. there is a special equipment to do that. the compound soaks into the carpet fiber and absorb the soil.
these compounds are then extracted using a vacuum and the carpet is dried.
pros:
this is a cheap way of cleaning and the carpet gets dried almost immediately.
cons:
the carpet needs to be vacuumed thoroughly else there will sawdust flakes all over the carpet.
bonnet cleaning
a solution is sprayed over the carpet to break down the soil. a rotatory machine-like bonnet is used to aggravate the carpet fiber. this again soaks the carpet fiber and extract the soil. sometimes microfiber is also used instead of the bonnet as well.
pros:
very little water is used in this type of cleaning and the carpet gets dried very quickly.
cons:
however, the cleaning ability is again limited to bonnet cleaning.
wet cleaning
hot water extraction is the most popular wet cleaning. this is widely recommended for carpet cleaning. a pre-vacuuming is performed on the carpet to extract the dry soil particles. once done, a cleaning solution is spread over the carpet. this solution breaks the oil and grease elements. the wet cleaning process started after that as the carpet is rinsed with the combination of hot pressurized water and a powerful wet vacuum.
pros:
this is highly impactful for cleaning for the deep cleaning of the carpet. no useful for cleaning carpets in limousines.
cons:
however, the equipment is costly and the cleaning is costly. it also involves longer drying times.
wet shampoo cleaning
this is probably one of the earliest methods of cleaning carpets. the high foam solution is generally spread over the carpet. this foam basically soaks into the fibers and extract the soil and dust. the foam is then extracted with a wet vacuum cleaner.
pros:
this method is quite outdated. however, if someone has a wet vacuum cleaner, it can be used at home. however, there is no particular advantage of wet shampooing. 
cons:
this can leave sticky residues on the carpet. however, the biggest challenge is that the method has limited capability of cleaning. like other wet cleaning methods, it also takes a long time for drying the carpet.
carpet cleaning is essential and different methods are followed in order to get the best results. however, as it is said, everything comes with different challenges and advantages.



posted in tips 
|
comments off on pros and cons of different carpet cleaning methods



how to do the best roof designing

posted on may 20, 2020 by richard harris 

designing a roof is a daunting task and requires attention. the task gets even more complicated when you have multiple choices and a process to follow. there can be different options like sophisticated wood or asphalt. one can even go for the new composite shingles as well. the cost, requirement, and process for all of these options are different and thus it becomes even more difficult for a person to choose.

here is how you can make your choice and get the best shingle for the roof.
cost
the first thing that needs to be determined is the cost. you need to first calculate your budget. the cost generally comes with ‘per square feet’ measurement. hence, you need to understand the size of the roof as well. once you know the area of your roof, it becomes easy to factor in. however, people tend to believe that shingle cost is all that you would spend. see https://www.toituremontrealroofing.ca/toiture-montreal.html  for more on this. this is not at all the case. there are three costs associated with roof design.
the first cost is associated with the shingles as explained earlier. the second cost is associated with the removal cost. if you have an existing roof and you are trying to replace it, then this should be factored in. however, if you have a new roof, then one can count this out. the labor cost is constant for it, irrespective of the fact whether it is a new roof or an existing one. hence, the cost should be totaled and compared with the budget.
one thing must be understood that quality cannot be compromised for the budget. hence, both should be kept in mind while comparing the cost.
shingle style
once you have decided the cost and fixed the budget. the next is to decide the style of the shingle. there are different types of shingles available in the market. one can think about aesthetic purposes or can have specific requirements as well. it depends on the owner completely.
asphalt is the most common type of shingle available in the market. it is the cheapest and easy to install, so labor cost is also on the lower side. from the aesthetic point of view, this is a great option as well.
metal also is equally good from aesthetics, but heavy in weight and costly. these are durable but comes with the more initial cost.
slate is also a durable option and comes at the same price as the metal. this has aesthetics significance as well.
tiles are rarely used but very expensive. this is one of the best styles when aesthetic importance is considered. however, the durability may not be as long as others.
wood is artistic and highly valuable. this comes with a heavy cost.
color
the next would be to choose the color. if you have come this far, then you have already resolved the complicated process. choosing the color as per requirement should rather be easy.
the style of roofing is significant for durability and choice and these steps can help you to make the best decision.



posted in home 
|
comments off on how to do the best roof designing



which limousine to choose?

posted on may 2, 2020 by richard harris 

olympus digital camera
limousines have become very frequent these days. there are so many important dates in our lives now and limousine perfectly suits to honor those occasions. there was a time when the limo was the prerogative of the elite class, but not anymore. hiring a limo for special occasions is usual among common people. the cost-affordability helps this even more. even though limousine hiring from a rental service is common, but still many get confused to choose the right limousine for the occasion. there different kinds of limousines that are available on the fleet and here is your simple guide to choosing the best one that fits your purpose. see these selections from vaughan limo.
lincoln navigator limousine
this is one of the classiest and most desirable limousines in the market. interestingly, this is also easily available. it is a mixture of class, elegance, and style. however, the most important thing about this limo is the clean and smooth lines. not so surprisingly, it also has brute power and adaptability. it has a classic interior design with safety measures. safety has always been the x-factor for this stretch limousine. the gorgeous style, capacity, and styling make the lincoln navigator a real head-turner. it can take up to 12 passengers.
hummer limousine
if you are worried about space, then hummer limousine is your answer. hummer limousine can take up to 24 passengers. this beast can transport a lot of passengers with elegance and style. if you are going out for a drive out of the town, then hummer is irreplaceable as well. it can have lighted up dance floors for the best party experience as well. if you are looking for a comfortable but equally fascinating journey with many members, then hummer limousine is the answer for you.
cadillac escalade limousine
cadillac escalade is the newest addition to the model line-up. it can accommodate as many people as a stretched limousine can. however, it has got a huge excessive amount of luxury to it. it can have color lcd tv, bars with aluminum trim as well. the hi-end sound system of this limousine is a special attraction. this is a unique limousine with interesting features.
chrysler 300 limousine
chrysler has been an amazing vehicle with grace and elegance. the stretched chrysler 300 is even more special with class and aristocracy. generally, when a vehicle is stretched, it losses the elegance, but not with chrysler. this has a huge base and that makes it one of the best. there is no compromise on the comfort and the interior design either on this. the comfortable and luxurious interior makes it even more desirable. it has ample size to accommodate 12-14 people as well. one can have the best experience of their lives with chrysler 300 limousine. however, it can also be included under the broad category of a stretched limousine.
choosing the right limousine for the requirement is one of the many criteria for the best limousine experience. hence, it is important to know and understand the features of the limousines before you actually book one.



posted in uncategorized 
|
comments off on which limousine to choose?



habits to keep a house clean constantly

posted on december 16, 2019 by richard harris 

here are some highlights of regular habits to keep your house clean all the time easily and efficiently.






posted in uncategorized 
|
comments off on habits to keep a house clean constantly



what to look for in pest control company

posted on march 25, 2017 by richard harris 


pest infestation and mostly mouse infestation is one of the most toughest challenges that people face in the overall pest infestation at home or office. pests are obviously dangerous but these are very difficult to remove as well. these are resistant, adaptable and can be hard to exterminate. the mouse control should be done in a professional manner by a professional pest control company. however, as a person, one must be aware that what should be expected from the pest control team for any pest infestation.
here are some guidelines that you must consider and notice for a quality service:
check ups
the checking of bed bugs, mice and other insects or pests should be done with utmost care. the first thing is to find out the home location of these pests and that can be the most challenging task for anyone even for a professional exterminator. however, the trained and the knowledgeable exterminator understands the places where these bugs can be found. these are generally found in the places like cracks and holes of the wooden furniture. the mattresses are also very favorable locations for the mice. however, apart from all these places, these can be hidden in other corners of the home. even if very few are left behind during the extermination process, then the situation would become the same after few days.
sniffer 
there are professional pest control companies that have sniffer dogs and these dogs can be brought to find out all the bugs. the prime reason behind it is the quality of the service. the mice can spread the infestation within days again if some are left. so, the pest control companies ensure that nothing should be left at the home.
pest control methods 
what pest control methods must be used is a common question for the extermination. even though there is no formulated rule for the extermination but generally chemical methods are not used. the primary reason is that the bugs are very adaptable and after sometimes, they get adapted with the chemicals. heat and the steam methods are found very effective against the bed bugs. however, there are environment friendly and effective chemicals that can be used against the bugs to exterminate once for all. in case the infestation is repeated then it is always advisable not to use the chemical methods. the chemical methods may become a failure.
advice
a quality pest control company and the experts would always provide the important tips to stop and prevent the infestation of the pests or insects. the experts understand how the infestation is spread and how it originates and thus they should have the proper method for treatments. if the experts do not give a guarantee for their services and how to continue the prevention then these must be asked by you in order to control and measure the situation better next time in case of infestation.
 
 



posted in home, tips 
|
comments off on what to look for in pest control company



check these tips to yield more profit from your business

posted on september 19, 2016 by richard harris 


each and every business has varied set of objectives. however, for any business generating revenue is a common objective and they all have to work towards it. there are various approaches to work toward that objective. individuals from different organizations have shared their viewpoints, here take a look at them

 your financial status has to be calculated 

to be confident, on regular basis you need to check if your business is financially sound. you can hire an accountant and find out if you have too much debts by calculating your audits. this is what the clients at carpet cleaning king city https://www.carpetcleaningmarkham.org/king-city.html did.

 concentrate on running your payroll

managing your payroll is equally important in any business environment, sometimes this part gets neglected. however we need to have individuals devoted to dealing with your finance operations and exchanges.

 follow good habits that in turn make way to success

of course, it’s nice to make quick bucks. in any case, you’ll have to think distinctively if you want your business to succeed in the long run. hence form habits that are helpful for your business.

 dodge these usability mistakes which reduces mobile conversion rates 

are you aiming towards making more profit this year, then buckle up to convert mobile clients. that implies that your platform or website should have easier user interface especially on mobile devices.

 convert potential leads to customers

having lots of visitors or blog readers can be incredible for your business. rather than that you have to convert those leads to regular customers and that’s a real challenge here.

 do a thorough research on your competitors

frankly speaking, healthy competition gives you great results. hence you have to learn and understand your business plan from your competitors. moreover, they would have tried out some methods, which you can incorporate in your business and thereby generate more money.

 think of getting strategic partners

if you want to grow your business, then check on strategic partner. this particular partnership will benefit in lot of ways. as in once you are tied with another company, you will be able to reduce your overall cost, free advertising, can reach new markets.

 as much as possible reduce your expenses

this sounds quite obvious, yet people forget it while carrying on with their business. try second hand devices, negotiate on getting better payments with customers or suppliers. this way you will be able to save some cash.

 always be on the lookout for various growth opportunities

after your business has been established, you should not just get stuck there. try to venture out and lookout ways in which you can expand your business. be it starting another branch or introducing another product or move to a larger office.

 aim for providing good service to your customers

one sort of free advertisement is earning positive reviews from customers. and this in turn will spread to other people and they will approach your shop to purchase goods. hence think of quality and aim for satisfying your customers with right products and services.



posted in tips 
|
comments off on check these tips to yield more profit from your business



check out these 10 decorating themes

posted on may 15, 2016 by richard harris 


here we have listed out top ten decorating themes, which you can use later on:

 psychedelic theme: those people who love to add vibrant colors in their homes then opt for psychedelic theme. moreover this particular theme is inspired by 70s and you can decorate your house with swirly patterns, lava lamps, funky sofas etc.

 asian theme: an asian topic is for the individuals who need a relaxing and peaceful mood at house. its all about simple lines which are complimented by natural elements such as rocks, bamboo, oriental rugs etc.


 country theme: for this look, use floral prints or fresh pastels or you can even choose the rustic cottage design with plaid patterns and washed out greens. usually this country theme is characterized by dainty rugs, wooden floorboards and along with frilly curtains. you can purchase the wicker baskets or teacups to match the look.


 tropical theme: beach lovers can replicate this look and feel by having neutral colored walls and place wooden furniture. ethnic-style wood carvings are some impeccable components for this setting. your little oasis is set when you have bowl of seashells placed in your living or bedroom.
 contemporary theme: contemporary theme means sophistication and that is not an exaggerated statement. in addition to that, the main focus in on the space and not much on the physical components. the color black, geometric shapes and smooth lines all portray this style. the general guideline here is “toning it down would be best”.


 western theme: people would prefer this theme if they are outdoor lovers. textured wall paint, natural wooden furniture, woven rugs, cotton or woolen sofas are components of this style. antlers, cowboy gears and wrought iron lightings are western theme accessories. you can purchase them online or get from your friends.


 moroccan theme: sensual and exotic best depict the moroccan subject. dark and rich shades, intricate designs and earthy tones are part of this warm and exotic style. some basic elements are glazed moroccan pottery, wrought iron ornaments and handmade tiles. you can decorate your house with brass or silver lanterns.
 gothic theme: gothic theme will be perfect for you if you are inclined towards antiquity. the objective here is to accomplish a dark yet rich ambience. maroon cushions, with dark wood framing, gold undertones form this theme.
 hollywood theme: if you are movie buff especially like all those golden era movies, then replicate this style in your house. the basic pattern here is the striking white and black contrast. jazz up your room with beaded lampshades, mirrored furniture and your coach adored with a feather boa.
 safari theme: those with adventurous personality; a safari theme perfectly suits them. exotic animal prints, earth tones, woven baskets compliment this style.

try out all those themes and make an effort to turn your house from drab to wow!! before that do a thorough research and purchase those décor items at flee markets or online.
 



posted in home 
|
comments off on check out these 10 decorating themes



dealing with ants issues during a renovation

posted on february 12, 2016 by richard harris 

having a pest problem is the absolute worst, we can all agree on that. but having to deal with ants is probably the most nerve wracking thing when it comes to unwanted visitors. the main reason we say this is because ants are among the hardest to exterminate insects, especially if their nest are in or close to your house.

the good news is that there are some steps you can follow in order to deal with ants. it’s obvious that these insects have a reason to bother you: food. ..
if they would be unable to find food, they would certainly look for another place to settle in. even a juice stain or an apple or even a bread crumb is a delectable feast for these tiny, annoying creatures.
so the main thing you need to do is to tidy up the kitchen. you need to clean and disinfect all the surfaces that have come into contact with food. call a pest control company as soon as you can to spray the area. you also need to get rid of all the crumbs and keep all your food covered or even sealed. if you have pets and keep their food bowl somewhere on the floor, you need to place that food bowl in another bowl with water. this way, if the ants want to get to the food, they will end up in the water, not roaming around dog or cat food.
when it comes to vacuuming, we strongly recommend that you use dispensable vacuum bags (paper ones) and throw them away as far away from your home as possible. some people even burn the dispensable vacuum bags, to make sure that the ants don’t come back. although we find this to be a bit too extreme, it has proven to be a very effective way of exterminating ants, especially when it comes to spies.
one other thing you need to do is keep an eye out and get rid of spies. ants are very social insects and have a very well structured social ladder. before settling in somewhere, they send out some spies in order to scout the environment and assess if it is suitable or not. so if you see a couple of lost ants, do not let them get back to the ant – hill, because they will come back with the rest of their “family”. ants have a great sense of smell, so you must understand that they actually do have the ability to remember their way back and invade your home.
these are just a few ways in which you can deal with ants. we are well aware just how unpleasant this experience can be and this is exactly why we will follow up these tips with other tricks that may come in useful. you just need to keep your cool and realize that this is a very solvable issue.
 



posted in uncategorized 
|
comments off on dealing with ants issues during a renovation



← older posts








popular posts

hacks for quick house cleaning for covid
how to deep clean your home
pros and cons of different carpet cleaning methods
how to do the best roof designing
which limousine to choose?


 



 
 
categories

home

tips

uncategorized


archives

october 2020
july 2020
may 2020
december 2019
march 2017
september 2016
may 2016
february 2016
december 2015
october 2015
september 2015

 






					dmeb				



					proudly powered by wordpress.				






