

































































skiatook journal | tulsaworld.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















26°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout































news


obituaries


opinion


sports




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



tulsa world archives




our properties


broken arrow



owasso reporter



sand springs leader



skiatook journal



wagoner county american-tribune



tulsa world magazine




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



homes



cars



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



legal notices



tulsa world store




customer service


manage tulsa subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



contact us



photo submissions



report a correction



manage owasso subscription



manage sand springs subscription



manage skiatook subscription



manage wagoner subscription



help center



mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy
























































































subscribe



























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







news

obituaries

opinion

sports

e-edition

buy & sell









26°
fair

















                
                skiatook journal
                
                    





owasso reporter e-edition
sand springs leader e-edition
skiatook journal e-edition
wagoner county american-tribune e-edition














        
        
            voting open in 2025 mr. inside/outside and ms. inside/outside contests

here are the top tulsa-area high school basketball players. check out the 60 candidates, then cast your vote for your favorite. we'll announce the four winners in march.

















        
        
            couples share stories of how they met for valentine's day

tulsa world readers shared the following stories from readers about the moment they met their true match.

















        
        
            ginnie graham show: the importance of investing in tulsa's youth

he once dreamed of being tulsa's first black mayor. now, berthaddaeus bailey is celebrating the election of monroe nichols while doing his own important work with my brother’s keeper tulsa.

















        
        
            okpop museum acquires collection from 'blazing saddles' star, oklahoma native

see the photos of the costumes and other artifacts now in tulsa from the classic comedy starring chickasha-born actor cleavon little. 

















        
        
            girls basketball: notes, rankings, games and players to watch for feb. 10

union and keys are teams with momentum.

















        
        
            boys basketball: notes, rankings, games and players to watch for feb. 10

see who were the top players and teams from the past week.

















        
        
            education notebook: election day, state champions and looking for littles

polling places will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. tuesday for two school districts' primary elections and bond proposals from three additional districts. #oklaed























        
        
            oklahoma journalism hall of fame inducting two former tulsa world editors




mike strain and david fallis join 51 other current and former tulsa world newsroom staff members in the hall.




















        
        
            okpreps extra show: why wasn't union qb shaker reisig higher on all-world, all-state teams?




one tulsa world reader questioned why the union quarterback wasn't more highly decorated on the world's annual list of the top players in the area and state. 




















        
        
            editorial: conservative lawmakers trying to doge their jobs by growing government




elected officials do many things from ribbon cuttings to fighting culture wars. but the main job remains overseeing tax dollars. don't let them doge their responsibility, the editorial states. 




















        
        
            oklahoma farm bureau president: protect against growing threats to private property rights




the freedom to make decisions about our property isn’t only a right — it’s a necessity, said rodd moesel, president of oklahoma farm bureau.






























        
        
            army vet, innocent bystander wanted to be a math teacher. police chase ended all of that.

the oklahoma agency originally in pursuit called off the chase within minutes because of the grave danger to the public, while two different agencies later picked it back up.

















        
        
            boys basketball: notes, rankings, games and players to watch for feb. 3

see who were the top players and teams from the past week.

















        
        
            girls basketball: notes, rankings, games and players to watch for feb. 3

bixby, lincoln christian, chouteau and sperry are teams with momentum.

















        
        
            2024 tulsa world all-state football: first-team, second-team and honorable mention selections

here are the best football players in the state of oklahoma. 

















        
        
            barry lewis explains the all-state football process

selecting players from across the state of oklahoma is not an easy task. our veteran high school sports writer offers some insight into his decision making. 

















        
        
            2024-25 all-world football: meet the 10 athlete of the year finalists and the other honorees

here are the best football players in the tulsa area for the 2024 season. see who made the list. winners will be announced at all-world awards this summer. 


























        
        
            okpreps extra show: kip shaw 'a really good hire for edison' and lincoln freshman makes impact

longtime central football coach kip shaw has been impressive guiding the braves. now, the veteran coach looks to do the same at struggling edison. plus, barry lewis sees talented lincoln christian freshman basketball player parker mcdaniel for the first time.   

















        
        
            2024-25 all-world volleyball: meet the athlete of the year finalists and the other honorees

here are the best volleyball players in the tulsa area for the 2024 season. see who made the list. winners will be announced at all-world awards this summer. 

















        
        
            jamil’s. celebrity club. casa bonita. pennington’s | 10 restaurants that changed tulsa

the list also includes the razor clam, ri le’s, james e. mcnellie’s public house, ken’s pizza, coney island hot weiner shop, weber’s superior root beer restaurant. our restaurant critic explains how.  

















        
        
            2024-25 all-world girls cross country: meet the athlete of the year finalists and the other honorees

here are the best girls cross country runners in the tulsa area for the 2024 season. see who made the list. winners will be announced at all-world awards this summer. 

















        
        
            2024-25 all-world boys cross country: meet the athlete of the year finalists and the other honorees

here are the best boys cross country runners in the tulsa area for the 2024 season. see who made the list. winners will be announced at all-world awards this summer. 

















        
        
            tulsa filmmaker earns sundance award for documentary film 'tiger'

the sundance jury citation cited loren waters’ “inspired direction and innovative vision that tells the moving story of a family’s cultural and artistic legacy.” waters is an award-winning cherokee and kiowa filmmaker based in tulsa.





more skiatook journal



























×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


owasso reporter

sand springs leader

skiatook journal

wagoner county american-tribune

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise with us

newsletter signup

join our team

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        tulsa world, 315 s. boulder ave.  tulsa, ok 74103
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































