


dog law :: dog lawyer :: pet lawyer :: animal lawyer :: new york attorney joel r. zand, esq. is a ny lawyer concerned about dogs and the law :: dog bite, criminal defense, personal injury





































































a new york attorney and dog lawyer cares about legal issues affecting pets and their people



















sm








©1998-2009

































 





web



doglaw.com














dog lawyers: your legal rights


a dog lawyer understands that pet owners have special legal needs. the love that they give their pets, and the circumstances in which they care for them, often gives rise to specific legal rights under state and federal law.  do you need a criminal defense lawyer to defend a prosecutor’s dangerous dog charges? do you want to learn more about your rights and obligations when buying or renting new york city apartments, but you’re afraid that dogs are forbidden?  do you think that you may need to sue, defend, or appeal a jury’s personal injury award in a dog bite lawsuit?hiring a lawyer is a smart way to protect yourself, and the animals you love.sm  ©1998-2007
federal airline law on
injury, death, or loss of pets
   asbestos & mesothelioma   can kill fido too; know   your legal rights     cosmetic surgery for dogs?  some vets just say “no!”  


ranked 8th of small and mid-sized law firm web sites (1999)that are "truly unique or exceptional"
             web site awards                                   "pro bone"(sm) links as a community service, these links are designed to help new york city pet owners and their friends find useful information on a variety of topics  nyc dog license applications          nyc dog runs. 
  nyc dog leash laws            nyc dog poop law
  central park dog water fountains.    pet custody disputes.  adopting pets in new york         report animal cruelty
  nyc condominiums
 











new york city pet owners have special legal needs


























home











contact information












© joel r. zand, esq., copyright 1998 - 2010, all rights reserved. read my disclaimer!






