













the real mary king's close | best uk attraction














































we are a sell-out attraction. pre-book online to save your space.



















    menu	
book now
experience  

private & premium tours
gift shop & café
gift vouchers
souvenir guidebook
meet the residents
the story of annie’s doll


visit  

how to find us
times & prices
change your booking
accessibility
faqs


what’s on  

true crime tour
medical history tour
dr arnott


groups  

meeting room hire
benefits & prices
premium packages
education groups


audio guides
shop
blog
en  

fr
nl
de
it
pl
pt
hu
es
zh – hans
zh – hant



  scroll down to content






















step down into edinburgh's hiddenhistory







bookplanfind us








journey back in time
imagine a warren of streets frozen in time, where centuries of stories are just waiting to be told.
			discover authentic truths about edinburgh's dark past, and find out what it was really like for the people who lived, worked, and died on the close.
find out more














best uk attraction
the real mary king’s close has been named the best visitor attraction in the uk by tripadvisor in its 2024 travellers’ choice awards!
book your tour to visit  one of the top 1% of things to do worldwide.
book now













dr arnott’s sampling sensation
every saturday and sunday,  uncover the secrets of 17th-century medicine with a hands-on workshop led by an expert from his time: dr arnott. examine his patients using his favourite method… by analysing urine’s colour, smell and taste! all your senses will be required!
book now













free audio guides
if you require translation, we offer free audio guides via our mobile app in french, german, italian, spanish, mandarin, dutch, portuguese, polish and hungarian. to find out more click here.
find out more













book a private tour
enjoy your very own private tour of the real mary king’s close for you and up to 19 additional guests. located in the heart of edinburgh’s old town, your guests will go on a journey through time on these now hidden streets where they will uncover some of the city’s deepest secrets. 
book now 















explore uniquely preserved streets...
journey back in time and follow in the footsteps of former residents.
			step down and explore the rooms, streets and spaces underneath the famous royal mile
			- a unique glimpse into the city's past, and edinburgh's only preserved 17th century street.
explore underground





























meet the residents
experience over 400 years of history, and discover the stories of your character guide. from myths and legends, to the deadly plague epidemic and a famous royal visitor – there’s a myriad of tales just waiting to be told on this one hour guided tour.
find out more






























find us on the royal mile
a ten minute walk from edinburgh castle, across from the magnificent st giles cathedral.
use postcode: eh1 1pg
directions














find us on the royal mile
a ten minute walk from edinburgh castle, across from the magnificent st giles cathedral.
use postcode: eh1 1pg
directions










gift shop
browse a beautiful range of hand-crafted and locally sourced gifts, homeware and souvenirs. all items are handmade by local artisans or sourced from the best of scotland’s rich produce and craftsmanship.



















mary ogle’s coffee cart
treat yourself to our delicious takeaway teas and coffees sourced from brodies 1867, local coffee roasters in edinburgh for over 150 years.




















mary king's blogview all posts





record number of guests explore edinburgh’s underground streets in 2024read more






top things to do in edinburgh this festive seasonread more









  "this was a very enjoyable tour, very informative and an excellent guide, katie g."  traceyrobson1, on tripadvisor, april 2024


  "as part of the science festival my husband and i went on the history of medicine tour taken by madison. it was excellent! well informed, accurate history appropriate level of light vs serious."  tish c, on tripadvisor, april 2024


  "absolutely incredible, worth every second! our tour guide matt was very good and explained everything in an easy and understandable manner. if you have the time, go!"  finlay b, on tripadvisor, april 2024





newsletter signup
be the first to hear about our special events and latest news.




first name *
be the first to hear about our events and receive priority access to ticket sales. tick the box to sign up to our mailing list; you can unsubscribe at any time. *
e-mail

yes 
no 


email address *
 










trip advisor

facebook

instagram

twitter









home
experience
groups
meeting room hire 
online shop
change your booking
booking terms & conditions
enable recite

contact
accessibility
jobs
privacy policy
 responsible procurement policy
sustainability
discounts
disruption notice
















the real mary king’s close
2 warriston’s close
high street
edinburgh eh1 1pg






			©the real mary king's close. all rights reserved.
		


continuum attractions is committed to achieving the highest standards of health & safety to all its visitors and employees. we are proud of the processes, systems and procedures we have in place across our business. health & safety is much a part of our company culture as our dedication to delivering unique experiences in memorable locations.







we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "advertisement" category .cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".phpsessidsessionthis cookie is native to php applications. the cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session id for the purpose of managing user session on the website. the cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescription_ga2 yearsthe _ga cookie, installed by google analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors._gat_ua-9822230-31 minutea variation of the _gat cookie set by google analytics and google tag manager to allow website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. the pattern element in the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to._gcl_au3 monthsprovided by google tag manager to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services._gid1 dayinstalled by google analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.anon_id3 monthsthis cookie is provided by tribalfusion. the cookie is used to give a unique number to visitors, and collects data on user behaviour like what page have been visited. this cookie also helps to understand which sale has been generated by as a result of the advertisement served by third party.consent2 yearsyoutube sets this cookie via embedded youtube-videos and registers anonymous statistical data. 






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
cookiedurationdescription_fbp3 monthsthis cookie is set by facebook to display advertisements when either on facebook or on a digital platform powered by facebook advertising, after visiting the website.anj3 monthsappnexus sets the anj cookie that contains data stating whether a cookie id is synced with partners.anon_id_old3 monthsthis cookie helps to categorise the users interest and to create profiles in terms of resales of targeted marketing. this cookie is used to collect user information such as what pages have been viewed on the website for creating profiles.fr3 monthsfacebook sets this cookie to show relevant advertisements to users by tracking user behaviour across the web, on sites that have facebook pixel or facebook social plugin.test_cookie15 minutesthe test_cookie is set by doubleclick.net and is used to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.uid68 years 18 days 3 hours 14 minutesthis cookie is used to measure the number and behavior of the visitors to the website anonymously. the data includes the number of visits, average duration of the visit on the website, pages visited, etc. for the purpose of better understanding user preferences for targeted advertisments.uuid23 monthsthe uuid2 cookie is set by appnexus and records information that helps in differentiating between devices and browsers. this information is used to pick out ads delivered by the platform and assess the ad performance and its attribute payment.visitor_info1_live5 months 27 daysa cookie set by youtube to measure bandwidth that determines whether the user gets the new or old player interface.yscsessionysc cookie is set by youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos on youtube pages.yt-remote-connected-devicesneveryoutube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded youtube video.yt-remote-device-idneveryoutube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded youtube video. 






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept


powered by 
















































































































































































