



volere requirements





























































 






homeeventscoursesmastering the requirements processbusiness analysis agilitymastering the requirements process – part 2requirements co-engineeringvolere requirements expressbecoming an innovatortemplatesvolere requirements specification templatethe volere template translatedstakeholder analysis downloadprioritisation analysisatomic requirement downloadresourcesbooksarticlesvideosba resourcesinnovation resourcesvolere faqsexperiences of volere usersvolere peoplevolere case studiestoolsserviceslicensingconsulting clinicsrequirements reviewsrequirements process designcontactabout usnetworkingwebmaster and problems







 


 xebcore inc. is a user of the volere requirements templates. 
their requirements tool, xebrio allows the instant creation of a full requirements specification 
 from the volere template.


 


business analysis agility 
is now shipping from amazon 




 


 


new layer 
							

 






upcoming events
 







london
london, june 6,7. adrian reed teaches mastering the requirements process liveonline. for more information on this course, contact irm uk.





 view all events

courses and workshops
effective training for requirements and innovation.
 



 


 mastering the requirements process
 requirements. the most crucial part of development. you can overcome poor planning; you can overcome poor coding. but nobody has ever succeeded with poor 






 


 business analysis agility
whether you work in an agile team, or write traditional specifications, the essential business analysis task is to uncover the real needs of the 






 


 mastering the requirements process – part 2
now you can build on your requirements prowess, and make better use of your requirements by:






 


 becoming an innovator
you can learn to innovate: while there is no”innovation process”, there are techniques, tools and strategies you can use. you can integrate 






 


 volere requirements express
this quick-start course gives you enough tools and techniques to write accurate and unambiguous requirements — in one day.






 


 requirements co-engineering
eliciting and establishing requirements for high-tech systems from various stakeholders—each with their own wildly different perceptions of 




 view all courses

templates
templates to help with requirements gathering and
business analysis.
 



 

the volere requirements specification
this template is considered to be the most usable and accessible template. it is a distillation of hundreds of requirements documents
read more






 

stakeholder analysis.
the stakeholder analysis is a spreadsheet enabling you to match types of knowledge with the roles in your organisation that provide the needed knowledge.
read more






 

the template in other languages.
the template has been translated into several languages. these pdf downloads are free and volere users are invited to contribute their own translations.
read more






 

prioritisation
this provides guidance on prioritising requirements. links to download the volere prioritisation spreadsheet are towards the end of the text.
read more






 

atomic requirement
atomic requirement, otherwise known as the snow card, is the template for an individual requirement.
read more





 
our latest videos
 
















 see all videos

our resources
information that we, and we hope you, find useful for our requirements and innovation work.
 



 


book

these are the books that we recommend for requirements, innovation and general thinking work.






 


articles

these are writings on various subjects from your volere authors, and from others who make a notable contribution to the literature.






 


video training

we have released a 13 hour complete video course. this and other video offerings are here.






 


requirements tools

these are automated requirements recording and management tools. naturally they vary in capabilities, so short reviews are presented.






 


requirements resources

are links to information, techniques forums and other requirements sites. there is a wealth of information about requirements.






 


innovation resources

are links to people and places that are stimulating. they might provoke a great idea for you






 


asked questions

page comes from the things that volere users ask us. faqs are usually an easy and accessible learning resource.






 


experiences of volere users

lets you see some of the results people have achieved using the volere way of thinking. thanks to all the clients who have sent us their experiences.






 


the volere people

page tells you about the instructors and consultants who are your volere experts.






 


newsletter

there is also a link to the signup if you could like to subscribe to this occasional newsletter.






 


licensing

the volere courses have proved to be universally popular. some organizations, especially large ones






 


consulting clinics

a project clinic is a way of keeping your project healthy.






 


requirements reviews

the requirements document is the foundation for remainder of the software development.






 


requirements process design

when suzanne and james robertson designed their acclaimed volere requirements process.




 





home
courses
templates
resources
services
contact
 







 the content of this site is copyright 2019 atlantic systems guild ltd. please contact us if you wish to reproduce any of it.






menu












 













































