


home - troon country club
















































contact us

 480.585.4310 learn more about membershipmenuusga championshipstory

2025 u.s. mid-amateur championship

support opportunities

life at troonamenities

diningsocial liferacquet sports
director of racquet sports
fitness
our fitness professionalsfitness servicesgroup fitness class descriptions
swimming

about troon

life at troon country clubhistorywon't you join usinvited guest
invited guests clubhouse rulesdriving directions copy
receive club updatescareers

find usdriving directionsgolfrelated categories

virtual course tour

golf

scorecard

membershipmembership typesmembership detailsjoinmembership inquiryexplore troonview our brochuremember login

























































distinctly you... distinctively troonthe troon country club lifestyle is more than beautiful views and amazing golf. it’s also the individual attitudes, values and interests of the members coming together to create a warm and comfortable gathering place to call home. there are endless opportunities to connect with friends and family, whether on the exceptional golf course, the state of the art fitness center or a delicious lunch in the the roost after a game of tennis. the social calendar is always active with themed dinners, wine tastings, holiday celebrations and friendly games of mah jong, bridge and more. the friendly management and staff are always willing to go the extra step to ensure members and their guests feel comfortable and enjoy their time at the club. the camaraderie, friendships and memories created here at troon country club are the center of the troon experience! courseour world class golf course is the focal point of the troon experience.learn morecamaraderiethe essence of our club. learn morecarethis unwavering feeling of responsibility is at the heart of the troon experience.
  learn more  25000 north windy walk drive scottsdale, az 85255 480.585.4310

usga championshiplife at troongolfmembershipmember login

careers© 2021 troon country club, all rights reserved.       


