






official home page || david weber


















biography
upcoming events
photo gallery
david's interviews
david's essays
sharon's corner




bibliography
book reviews
awards
dedications
red shirts
upcoming releases




general
empire of man
honorverse
safehold
pearls of weber




empire of man
honorverse
safehold






author links
fan groups

















 



recent updates

saturday, september 14, 2024a new title, toll of honor, was added to the library.
thursday, may 18, 2023a new event, 20 books vegas, was added to the calendar.
thursday, may 18, 2023a new event, steading days 5 , was added to the calendar.
thursday, may 18, 2023a new event, dragoncon 36, was added to the calendar.
 twitter feed
tweets by @davidweber1










slide 0



slide 1



slide 2



slide 3



slide 4



slide 6


official home page
welcome to david weber's homepage!thank you for coming by! if you are already one of david's readers, we hope that you will find everything you are looking for here, and if you haven't read david's work yet, we hope that this site will encourage you to head over to the baen free library at www.baen.com/library and pick up one of his stories to read for yourself! just a note for everyone with a kindle or nook: david's baen stories are available in electronic format at www.baen.com. for more information, visit our faq section!note from david: like a lot of successful writers, i am constantly finding myself short of time, and whenever i go online to talk to fans, i find myself staying for hours and hours and hours... so, i am extraordinarily grateful to derick chan for keeping things in order on the site and for managing the forums. thanks derick. 
sunday, july 17, 2022eric flint has passed awayeric flint, author of the 1632 series and david's collaborator for the torch books, has passed away today.
wednesday, february 02, 2022a call to insurrection now availablethe latest book in the manticore ascendent series is available for purchase!

news archive »






website development
			copyright © 2009-25 words of weber, llc - all rights reserved.
		



