






wba home page









the wooden boat association of north texas
 


welcome to the hands-on wooden boat club!
 





  
     








 
		  


new member welcome center! 
bilge pump newsletters 
photos and videos


calendar of events

how to join


classifieds

officers and contacts 
links lake levels



 


 	     
 	     
 	     




	 
	 


wood is good! classic glass is too!


join us in our various activities all designed for the enjoyment of antique and classic boating.  our club, founded in the 1980s, is  an active, involved and dedicated group.  we meet monthly and sponsor or participate in a number of in-the-water shows and events.
          we welcome owners of wooden boats and classic glass boats to our group. but even if you don't own a boat, and you're sincerely interested in antique and classic boats, join us! boat ownership is not required.
the purposes of our club are:


to provide a means of sharing a common interest in
                    antique and classic boating

to promote the restoration and preservation of wooden
                  boats.

to educate and inform the public about the historic
                  significance of our antique and classic boats. 



club membership benefits:


hands-on repair and refinishing of each other's boats

monthly meetings with special presentations
 
rendezvous and picnics on area lakes

show of classic and antique wooden boats to the public

fellowship

yearly banquet for awards and recognition of club
		          officers 
our constitution and by-laws




      


		 


latest news



check out our calendar of events for all the latest events!

wood is good, and so is classic glass! click on the image below to see more!			  
we welcome classic fiberglass boats! if your glass boat is at least 25 years old, join now! 

hafer craft boats, built in spirit lake, iowa.
read more>

			yellow jacket boats
read more >

			  willis boat works history project
read more>

see photos
read 1953 popular science article on willis

chrysler boats and the art of bob adair
			 
			 
			  
 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 




