
























































lexington clipper-herald | breaking news | | read breaking news for the city of lexington, dawson county, and the southern area of nebraska. the latest weather, crime, politics, and more.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















6°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



news-tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists 



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional




lifestyles


movies & tv



music



play



puzzles



comics



arts & theatre



food & cooking



home & garden



health



parenting



fashion



pets



people



travel



faith



announcements



contests


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



people plus



special sections



archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



platte valley auto



marketplace



shop local



public notices




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



contact us



help center



weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy














































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




















                                        subscribe
                                    























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

lifestyles

puzzles

public notices

jobs

platte valley auto









6°
snow shower
























        
        
            boys wrestling: gothenburg swedes take three wrestlers to state meet

gothenburg's tristan koch, chris flores and harlan brockevett will compete at the state tournament starting thursday, feb. 20 in omaha.

















        
        
            lady haymakers fall to broken bow on senior night

the cozad lady haymakers lost 33-45 at home on senior night to the broken bow indians on friday.

















        
        
            cozad haymakers win on senior night over broken bow

the cozad haymaker boys won on senior night 66-43 against the broken bow indians on friday in cozad.

















        
        
            wrestling: five lexington minutemen punch tickets to state

lexington's daylen naylor, cesar cano, jayden thorell, allen diaz and westin potter punch their tickets to the state tournament on saturday in crete.

















        
        
            wrestling: six cozad haymakers secure tickets to the 'big show'

cozad haymakers secure six wrestlers and their tickets to the state meet on saturday in central city.

















        
        
            lexington powerlifters sweep three champion team titles

peru — on saturday, the lexington powerlifting teams competed at peru state. 

















        
        
            diane yeutter: i am my father’s daughter

my father was a man of strong character. 










            curated commerce
        
5 best thc gummies of 2025





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            cozad haymakers win on senior night over broken bow


















        
        
            wrestling: five lexington minutemen punch tickets to state


















        
        
            driver killed in interstate 80 crash near overton















                
                the latest










sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            planning commission advances ridgeway senior living replat

the plan would split the ridgeway senior living property in half, opening the possibility of the city selling the northern half to lexington regional health center.




















        
        
            legislative hearing silent on potential time-zone ‘island’ in southwest nebraska

speakers friday on a year-round standard-time bill didn’t address that it would drop perkins, chase and dundy counties an hour behind both colorado and central nebraska from march to november.




















        
        
            unk helps lead students to rural health care

unk's rural immersion program shows health care students the good things happening in rural health care across nebraska. maybe that's where they'll choose to practice.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            canadian flag sales soar amid trump's rhetoric




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            lexington's chris lainez-garay signs-on to midland university

lexington — lexington minuteman football player, christopher lainez-garay committed to midland university as he sat down alongside his mother delmi garay to sign his letter of intent on wednesday afternoon. 




















        
        
            overton eagle girls, boys fall at home to rivals elm creek

overton — the overton girls and boys basketball teams hosted their hwy 30 rivals elm creek on friday. 




















        
        
            minutemen wrestling takes dual win over amherst

amherst — on thursday, the lexington minutemen wrestling team won 51-30 in a dual over the amherst broncos in amherst. 




















        
        
            basketball: cozad boys put up big numbers in win over ord

cozad — the cozad haymakers won their fourth straight game on tuesday night after beating the ord chanticleers 76-57. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?




















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”

















                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!












sponsored








        
        
            protein packed, flavorful and lean… pork checks all the boxes!

content by national pork board. learn about the benefits of pork from registered dietitian and certified executive chef amber pankonin.












sponsored








        
        
            this sweet and savory holiday ham recipe will delight you and the whole family

content by nebraska pork producers association. pig farmer karen grant shares a wonderful easter ham recipe. 
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            5 best thc gummies of 2025

affiliate content. find the best options for thc gummies in 2025. 




















        
        
            8 best cbd gummies for relaxation and wellness

affiliate. take a closer look at some of the top cbd gummy options on the market.




















        
        
            forget razor blades & poisoned apples: choking is the real “candy threat” on halloween

affiliate content. this article talks about lifevac, a new anti-choking medical device





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            shear perfection



                                        110 main st, swanton, ne 68445
                                    






















        
        
            hausmann construction



                                        8885 executive woods dr, lincoln, ne 68512
                                    






















        
        
            gene steffy chrysler



                                        2545 e 23rd st, fremont, ne 68025
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-15
























medical





        
        
            gothenburg health - ad from 2025-02-15
























medical





        
        
            gothenburg health - ad from 2025-02-15







































×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


place an ad

join our team

newsletter signup




services


manage subscription

contact us

submission forms

licensing






                        © copyright 2025
                        lexington clipper-herald, 114 w. 5th st. lexington, ne 68850
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    


















