






jtafla































skip to main content





                    service enhancements for jta bus routes, first coast flyer begin january 27, 2025 -
                        click here to read more.

close





jacksonville transportation authority




careers


office of small business & community impact


title vi




search






english






main service alerts



            menu
        





customer service
(904) 630-3100




                                ride jta
                                open sub-menu




                                                bus schedules and services
                                                open sub-menu



fixed-route buses


first coast flyer


readiride


on-demand services


gameday xpress





                                                fares / passes
                                                open sub-menu



star card


reduced fares


jta college pass program


my ride 2 school


best fare policy


seniors ride free





                                                how to ride
                                                open sub-menu



plan your trip


take your bike


park-n-ride


severe weather


three-wheeled scooters on buses


aira explorer app





                                                paratransit services
                                                open sub-menu



connexion


connexion plus


apply for eligibility


reasonable modification request





                                                regional services
                                                open sub-menu



express select


clay express select


nassau express select


st. johns express select


clay community transportation





                                                skyway
                                                open sub-menu



policy for extended hours




st. johns river ferry


gtfs archive





                                customer center
                                open sub-menu



buy fares and passes


customer code of conduct



                                                customer centers
                                                open sub-menu



jacksonville regional transportation center (jrtc) at lavilla







                                move2027
                                open sub-menu




                                                ultimate urban circulator
                                                open sub-menu



u2c documentation




jtamobilityworks



                                                transit-oriented development
                                                open sub-menu



tod documentation


artea


jacksonville regional transportation center at lavilla


intercity bus terminal


kipp voice academy







                                news, events & media
                                open sub-menu



jta board meetings


jta public hearings and public notices


media relations


jta making moves


jta newsletter


service alerts


acosta bridge lighting





                                work with jta
                                open sub-menu




                                                careers
                                                open sub-menu



employee benefits


employee recognition




advertising



                                                office of small business & community impact
                                                open sub-menu



disadvantaged business enterprise program - dbe


small business enterprise program - sbe


local small business enterprise - lsbe





                                                procurement
                                                open sub-menu



become a supplier







                                about jta
                                open sub-menu




                                                about
                                                open sub-menu



administrative rules


americans with disabilities act (ada)


florida statute 349


florida house bill 1301 compliance


title vi


public records requests





                                                leadership
                                                open sub-menu



board of directors


chief executive officer


executive leadership team


jta board meetings




financial



                                                transit accessibility
                                                open sub-menu



get involved




jta history

















                                plan my trip
                                





                                routes & schedules
                                





                                fares & passes
                                








need to plan a trip?
plan your trip by using one of these options provided by jta


myjta






need to know more?
ride with us








jta offers various options.
whether you need a ride across town or a pass for your daily commute, jta offers several convenient purchase options. check out fares and passes to get you out and about in jacksonville.
purchase options



download the myjta app on your phone
pay your fare, plan your trip, and track your ride with just one convenient app. get to where you’re going—faster. available on google play and apple app store.



















welcome to jta

ride. to work. to play.
at jta we strive to improve northeast florida’s economy, environment and quality of life by providing safe, reliable, efficient and sustainable multimodal transportation services and facilities.














in the news



1/28/2025

jta bus operators and maintenance technicians compete for local roadeo victory
(jacksonville, fl – january 28, 2025)jacksonville transportation authority fixed route operators, paratransit operators and m...
read more about jta bus operators and maintenance technicians compete for local roadeo victory


11/18/2024

the jta welcomes cinotti’s bakery and grounds of grace coffee to the jacksonville regional transportation center
(jacksonville, fl – november 18, 2024) today the jacksonville transportation authority (jta) welcomed and celebrated the gran...
read more about the jta welcomes cinotti’s bakery and grounds of grace coffee to the jacksonville regional transportation center


11/13/2024

jta board approves shortlist for statewide procurement of autonomous transit vehicles
any entity in the u.s. can now procure avs from statewide contract
read more about jta board approves shortlist for statewide procurement of autonomous transit vehicles


11/7/2024

jta hosts community art reveal and ribbon cutting for nw corridor
(jacksonville, fl – november 7, 2024) the jacksonville transportation authority (jta) today unveiled new art installments at ...
read more about jta hosts community art reveal and ribbon cutting for nw corridor


10/28/2024

jta refunds 2015 local option gas tax bonds saving the authority millions of dollars
jacksonville, fla. (october 28, 2024) – the jacksonville transportation authority (jta) today announced the refunding of $69....
read more about jta refunds 2015 local option gas tax bonds saving the authority millions of dollars


10/24/2024

jta achieves major construction milestone at  autonomous innovation center
the topping out ceremony recognizes placing the final structural beam into place.
read more about jta achieves major construction milestone at  autonomous innovation center


9/27/2024

the jta expands services to nassau county for transportation disadvantaged residents
(jacksonville, fl – september 27, 2024) as of tuesday, october 1, the jacksonville transportation authority (jta) will have a...
read more about the jta expands services to nassau county for transportation disadvantaged residents


9/19/2024

transit-oriented development will bring workforce housing to downtown jacksonville
(jacksonville, fl – september 19, 2024) today, the jacksonville transportation authority (jta) authorized the execution of tw...
read more about transit-oriented development will bring workforce housing to downtown jacksonville



view all news







jta's move2027 plan
the outcome of the move2027 plan is seven strategic initiatives. initiatives are business actions, projects, and programs that are grouped and aligned by key categories for achieving the jta’s vision and goals over the next five years. each initiative has unique branding to help tie in the jta’s daily activities to the jta’s goals and vision.  together, all seven initiatives have a common aim –  to provide seamless mobility solutions for jta customers.  the full plan describes in more detail the strategies and tactics in each initiative.

                                    learn more
                                     about jta's move2027 plan








now hiring bus operators!
steer your career and your future as a bus operator. benefits for bus operators include a $1,000 hiring bonus, available cdl training, and competitive pay starting at $20 per hour.  interested in becoming a bus operator or seeing what other careers jta has to offer? follow the link to learn more. 

                                    learn more
                                     about now hiring bus operators!









buses and more




mobility works
roadworks & construction
keep up-to-date with all of jacksonville’s ongoing & upcoming construction projects



st. john’s river ferry
driving across the river
ride between mayport village and ft. george island with ease.



first coast flyer
premium bus service
learn more about riding our frequent, limited-stop premium rapid bus service.



ultimate urban circulator (u²c)
innovating jax
the future is here. learn more about the automated vehicles coming to jacksonville.



jacksonville regional transportation center at lavilla
the city’s multimodal hub
a new home for jta in the heart of lavilla. learn more.



ride to health
on-call transportation to vaccination locations
clean and reliable transportation to available covid-19 vaccination distribution locations.






stay connected
keep up to date on all of the latest news at jta. sign up to learn more about our transportation services as well as our involvement in the local community. 



 







                                        last name                                                        *










                                        first name                                                        *














                                        email                                                        *




























ride jta


news, events & media


work with jta


about jta



            ©  2025  jacksonville transportation authority. all rights reserved.
                  
        

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram












close


create a custom experience with jta
select all that apply and we’ll do the rest. be sure to select save my preferences when you are done and we will adjust our homepage content to accommodate your interests.






want to hear more from jta?
sign up and select what matters most to you and we will make sure that is what shows up first when you visit our site.
privacy policy and policy statements
terms of service



by signing up you agree with jta’s privacy policy and terms of service








