
















haleigh and brenton's blog







































































haleigh and brenton's blog




























adderall perscription








































































monday, march 14, 2011











the combination of dextroamphetamine and amphetamine can be habit-forming. do not take a larger dose, take the medication more often, or take it for a longer time than prescribed by your doctor. if you take too much dextroamphetamine and amphetamine, you may find that the medication no longer controls your symptoms, you may feel a need to take large amounts of the medication, and you may experience symptoms such as rash, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep, irritability, hyperactivity, and unusual changes in your personality or behavior. overusing dextroamphetamine and amphetamine may also cause sudden death or serious heart problems such as heart attack or stroke.tell your doctor if you or anyone in your family drinks or has ever drunk large amounts of alcohol, uses or has ever used street drugs, or has overused prescription medications. your doctor will probably not prescribe dextroamphetamine and amphetamine for you.do not stop taking dextroamphetamine and amphetamine without talking to your doctor, especially if you have overused the medication. your doctor will probably decrease your dose gradually and monitor you carefully during this time. you may develop severe depression and extreme tiredness if you suddenly stop taking dextroamphetamine and amphetamine after overusing it.do not sell, give away, or let anyone else take your medication. selling or giving away dextroamphetamine and amphetamine may harm others and is against the law. store dextroamphetamine and amphetamine in a safe place so that no one else can take it accidentally or on purpose. keep track of how many tablets or capsules are left so you will know if any are missing.your doctor or pharmacist will give you the manufacturer's patient information sheet (medication guide) when you begin treatment with dextroamphetamine and amphetamine and each time you get more medication. read the information carefully and ask your doctor or pharmacist if you have any questions. you can also visit the food and drug administration (fda) website (http://www.fda.gov/drugs/drugsafety/ucm085729.htm) or the manufacturer's website to obtain the medication guide.













posted by



haleigh and brenton




at

3:52 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)























































awesome inc. theme. powered by blogger.
























