





stop clinic – stop smoking | lose weight























































































		skip to content



























menu

 


what we do

stop smoking
lose weight
other services


about

our history
people we’ve helped
testimonies
blog


contact
book now
















 









 



stop smoking 










learn more














book now















the stop clinicbestprosintown 























						stop smoking					


						learn more					



















						lose weight					


						learn more					



















						testimonies					


						learn more					















an ancient way to stop smoking 







any addiction is at least 50% mental and 50% physical.  our program addresses both sides and makes it so much easier to stop smoking and/or lose weight.  the first treatment makes your body feel as though you have not smoked in 10 days!call today for a free phone consultation.  919.696.3773  or, text for the fastest response.our treatment blocks the cravings and withdrawal symptoms, making it fast and easy for you to stop smoking or stop using any form of nicotine.testimonies of excited clients are available on our website.  reviews are available on google.below, you will find answers to frequently asked questions.  read further for detailed information about our comprehensive, successful and proven program.stop smoking in less than one hour! prior to your program, we help you prepare mentally. during and after your program, we provide you with ongoing support. since 1992, we have helped thousands of people stop smoking from several foreign countries (paris, san juan, canada, columbia, cancun and pakistan)  and all over the united states!what does the stop clinic do to help people quit smoking? how does the stop clinic succeed while methods like nicotine patches, cold turkey and other programs often fail?the stop clinic takes a multidisciplinary approach to help you stop your addiction. during our complimentary phone consultation, we answer all of your questions, explain the program and commit to your success. once we agree on a date to begin your program, we will send you a confirmation email and personalized behavior modification exercises to help address the mental part of your nicotine addiction.our first visit includes a consultation session and our detox treatment designed to block cravings and withdrawal symptoms by releasing endorphins through mild electrical stimulation. the treatment is so relaxing that many people fall asleep during the process! if you are traveling from a great distance, you may prefer to bring a driver for the first visit.the first follow-up session/treatment is designed for reinforcement.  the second follow-up treatment is for reinforcement and to make sure that you are 100% successful.  we take a great deal of pride in our success rate. we expect success. most people who find us are very serious about ending their addictions and finding a healthier way to live. 







 







a relaxed and easy treatment to treat nicotine addiction 
















if you were to quit  “cold turkey”, it would usually take 2 to 3 weeks. most people fail after a few days of fighting the uncomfortable cravings and withdrawals often associated with nicotine cessation.
 
with our treatment program, you will be smoke free after the first treatment! we offer 3 to 5 visits for our programs; one for the initial treatment and 2 reinforcement treatments to make sure you are 100 percent successful.  
we also offer discounted combination programs to help people with other health-related issues. 







how long does it take to stop smoking? 












what happens when you stop smoking 







our program is a rapid detox treatment, which means everything you would normally experience when stopping nicotine happens either quickly or not at all.you may, for example, cough up “gunk,” or you might not. you may stop coughing quickly, or you might not cough at all. you may have night sweats, or you may have no night sweats at all.you will, however, experience the following: immediate relaxationincreased energycravings, anxiety, and sleeplessness diminishcoughing and shortness of breath stops quicklyheaviness in the chest disappears during treatmentreduced anxietyblood pressure stabilizesheart rate drops to normalsmell and taste come back in 24 hours or lesscirculation improves, immediatelya sense of peacefulness feeling of pride and success!you may feel “invincible” 3 months after you stop smoking 




















how is the stop clinic program more effective than others?



the stop clinic uses a multidisciplinary approach to help you stop theaddiction. any addiction is at least 50% mental and 50% physical. we helpyou address both. prior to your program, we help you prepare mentally.during and after your program, we provide you with ongoing support 24 hoursper day!many programs promise an outcome that they cannot deliver. many of theirprocesses are long and drawn out. our program provides a "rapid detoxprotocol" designed to help you combat your addiction naturally and rapidly.we have programs other than smoking cessation designed to treat obesity,chronic pain and blood related illnesses. all of our programs involverapid detox procedures. our rapid detox treatments take 1 to 5 visits tocomplete and include weight loss and weight prevention techniques.we provide 24 hour support for you while going through our programs. aftercompleting our program, you may come back for reinforcement treatments atany time at a discounted rate. our program makes it easy for you to stayon track.we are proud to proclaim that the stop clinic has a 95%, or better, successrate. since 1992, we have helped thousands of people from the unitedstates and many foreign countries stop smoking.our behavioral modification exercises address the mental and emotional partof the addiction. our treatment takes care of the physical part of theaddiction. we can guarantee your success! 








will i be smoke free after the first treatment?



yes. you will be a non-smoker after the first treatment. the treatment we provide is a rapid drug detox treatment.  every symptom you would have experienced happens very fast or not at all.  for instance, your sense of taste and smell may return, immediately.  you may stop coughing within one day.  you may sweat the nicotine out at night or have no sweats at all. we provide you with behavior modification exercises prior to your first visit to help you address the mental part of the addiction and to make your smoking cessation process both easy and enjoyable. some people want follow-up appointments because their addiction is more severe than others. the 1st treatment helps you feel as though your body has not had nicotine for 10 days… meaning, you bypass the first 10 days of your cravings and withdrawal symptoms.the 2nd treatment is provided for reinforcement.  it helps you feel 10 more days into the future, bypassing the worst part of any addiction … the first 21 days.the 3rd treatment serves as reinforcement to make sure you are 100% successful! 








what should i expect on my first visit?



other than leaving as a non-smoker, you will leave with a calm, mellow and relaxed feeling. the patient information forms you complete will reveal a lot about the nature of your addiction.  we will counsel you regarding the best way to deal with your addiction for you to be the most successful now and into the future. before the treatment, we will clean your ears with rubbing alcohol (which is very relaxing).   with a small probe, we will stimulate the acupuncture points on the outer part of your ear.  the treatment protocol we use is an ancient chinese protocol for rapid drug detox.  the treatment is very relaxing and many people fall asleep. our ear stimulation treatment blocks the cravings, allowing your body to feel as though you have not had the drug for 10 days, by-passing the worst part of any addiction or withdrawal period. we will schedule a follow-up visit for a reinforcement treatment just to make sure you are successful and past the addiction. 








does the treatment hurt?



no. the treatment is very relaxing!  your body will feel as relaxed as it felt before you became a smoker. during the treatment, you feel a mild warming sensation, sometimes all over the body.  if you are stressed, you may feel your tight muscles relaxing. people with emphysema often “carry a weight” on their chest. during the treatment, people report, ” i feel like a cement block is lifting off my chest!” the treatment is so relaxing, some people fall asleep and some snore! 








will i feel drugged after the treatment; can i drive myself home?



no. you will not feel drugged. there are no medicines or drugs involved. yes. you can drive yourself home. 








i am 6 weeks pregnant. is the treatment safe for me?



yes. the treatment is safe … the relaxation and energy you feel after the treatment is priceless! smoking during pregnancy is not safe and can harm your child. 








can anyone have the treatment?



yes. the treatment is safe for all people … even those with heart problems, pacemakers, people on heavy medications and children! this treatment does not interfere with any medications you are taking. 








does this treatment help with depression and anxiety?



yes. the treatment gives you energy and passively releases endorphins, the body’s naturally producing “feel good” drugs. studies show how most people suffering from depression and anxiety receive the greatest benefits by changing to a healthy diet and learning to address their problems in a more positive manner. we help you achieve these goals. for thousands of years, the asian natives used this treatment for “fine-tuning” the body. they call it “releasing the chi.” 








can you treat alcoholism with this treatment?



yes. many people have used our program for their addiction to alcohol. the treatment program for alcohol addiction lasts 5 weeks, combined with food counseling, the suggestion of a nutritious diet to fill the void and an outside support system such as alcoholics anonymous. 








will this treatment help with hot flashes?



yes! hot flashes disappear completely in 1 to 2 weeks.  hot flashes and other health related issues are addressed in our weight-loss program. our treatments block the cravings for the undesired, problem causing foods. we teach you to look at food as a fuel instead of entertainment. 








i have an erection problem. will the treatment help with this?



yes. smoking and poor food choices definitely interfere with blood circulation and erections. most erections return with full vigor within 3 days to one week, unless you have a horrible diet, are morbidly obese or are on a regime of heavy medications. 








why do people gain weight when they stop smoking? will i gain weight?



yes or no! weight gain totally depends on your mindset and/or food choices. when a person stops using drugs and stimulants, the body becomes so relaxed, the metabolism slows down. at this point, if the person has poor eating patterns or habits, this is the formula for rapid weight gain to the “tune” of 20, 30, to 50+ pounds! you can lose weight, if you fill that empty void with nutritious foods.  if you fill the void with processed or sugary foods, you will gain weight … lots of weight! 








can you help me lose weight while i stop smoking?



yes! during our smoking cessation program, we teach methods and combine tools to prevent weight gain.  often clients lose 1 to 3 pounds during their first week of smoking cessation (if they are already overweight). since 1992, our program has specialized in helping people stop smoking and lose weight at the same time. when you call,  i will ask you some questions and decide how fast i think we can help you drop those unwanted pounds. if i feel we can help you, i will commit to you and we can get started right away. some clients, who are already overweight, combine our smoking cessation and weight loss programs. the most weight-loss we have witnessed with our program is 28 pounds in one month and 51 pounds in 7 weeks. this is based on our treatment protocol for rapid drug detox. our theory is: if you detox the body rapidly and start feeling better right away, you are immediately rewarded with more energy and are more likely to adopt this pattern of eating as a lifestyle change. 








how is the stop clinic’s weight-loss program more effective than others?



we offer a rapid detox treatment program, meaning that you will lose the weight, rapidly!   other programs do not offer this rapid weight-loss.   our program is safe and natural, without drugs or surgery.   you can lose 28 pounds in one month.  weight watchers program is a slow weight-loss program.  it may take you many months or an entire year to lose 28 pounds. our theory is:  if you lose the weight quickly and all of a sudden have an enormous amount of energy, you will be more likely to adapt to the style of eating that we teach you, learning to choose the pure foods that heal you and give you the most energy! with our program, you will learn the pure foods to consume to heal your body as well as the processed foods to avoid that are making you sick and robbing you of your energy!  our rapid detoxification treatment blocks the cravings for sugar and other processed foods that contribute to disease and inflammation while wrecking your immune system.  you will learn to build your immune system, naturally,  to prevent illnesses and disease! 








why does gastric bypass surgery often fail?



the two most popular programs that exist today are gastric bypass surgery and diet pills.  both are designed to suppress the appetite which causes you to eat less.   with our program you will actually be eating more than you ever have in your life, losing weight faster than ever and feeling completely satisfied! gastric bypass surgery has become very popular, recently.  some people do very well with this surgery;  some, not so well.  what makes the difference?  some people change their diets and food choices; others do not. losing weight / being healthy involves a lifestyle change.  a poor diet, lacking nutrition will cause weight gain in any person.  changing the diet to a lifestyle of eating healthy, nutritious, unadulterated and contamination free food not only results in weight loss but also reverses diseases such as obesity and other food related disorders. clients considering weight loss surgery are required to go through counseling, change their diet and lose a certain amount of weight to prove they are good candidates for the surgery.  if the counseling prior to the weight-loss surgery included a diet change to a pure food diet, the client would automatically lose weight, and feel better immediately.  if the bypass client adhered to this new way of eating, they would not need the gastric bypass surgery. with the weight-loss surgery, many patients put the weight back on after a year!  these unfortunate souls are usually the patients who did not change their food choices.  instead of eating the pure foods, the patient is now eating less of the bad foods.  anyone who is morbidly obese would initially lose weight eating very small portions of food… good or bad. diet pills, adderall, amphetamines and other diet drugs  are not safe for consumption.  starving one’s self to be skinny is extremely hard for the heart and other organs and can lead to anxiety, depression and sudden death. 








does insurance cover the program?



sometimes, but not usually.  united health care and blue cross blue shield have given reimbursement for some people in the past. those “lucky” or “persistent” people reported that they submitted their receipts (sometimes more than once) along with a detailed letter requesting reimbursement.   a referral note to the stop clinic with a diagnosis from your physician can be helpful when seeking reimbursement. insurance does not usually cover our program because this is considered to be an “alternative treatment program“, i.e., treatment to heal the body without the use of drugs and surgery. our treatment protocol is a very ancient technique, used by europe and asia for thousands of years! we have many different programs and offer discounts when combining the programs. 








what happens if i stop smoking with the stop clinic’s program?



our program is a rapid detox treatment, meaning that everything you would normally experience when quitting smoking happens either quickly or not at all.  for example, you may cough up “gunk”,  or not at all.  you may stop coughing quickly, or not at all.  you may have night sweats, or not at all.  you will experience the following: immediate relaxation a sense of peacefulness.reduced anxiety.circulation improves, immediately.cravings, anxiety, and sleeplessness diminish, immediately.blood pressure stabilizes.heart rate drops to normal.heaviness in chest disappears during treatment.smell and taste come back in 24 hours or less.increased energy in 72 hours or less.coughing and shortness of breath stops in less than 24 hours.feeling of pride and success!3 months after stopping smoking, you may feel “invincible.”7 years later, your lungs could be completely pink again. 








what happens if i stop smoking “cold turkey” without any treatment?



when going “cold turkey”, the first 2 weeks is the most difficult.  this is often when people fail, “fall off the wagon”, or give in. symptoms you may expect (without using our treatment) are: severe cravings to smokesevere pain from withdrawalfatiguesleep problemsnight sweatsheadachesdry mouthcoughing up “crud”extreme irritabilitydepressionanxietyconstipation 








how does my body improve after i quit smoking?



the following are improvements in general when one stops smoking.  with our treatment program,  many of the following benefits happen much faster. your blood pressure and heart rate drop to normal 20 minutes after your last cigarette.two hours after you stop smoking, circulation to your fingers and toes improves. (note: nicotine withdrawal symptoms usually start about two hours after your last cigarette. symptoms include cravings, anxiety, trouble sleeping and increased appetite. these usually ease after two weeks.)eight to 12 hours after your last puff, the level of carbon monoxide in your bloodstream drops to normal and the oxygen level rises to normal.your chances of a heart attack decrease after just 24 hours. the heart attack rate for smokers is 70 percent higher than for non-smokers.you start to smell and taste things more vividly again after 48 hours without a cigarette.two to three weeks after you quit, you’ll be able to exercise without feeling winded.at the three-month mark, your circulation improves and your lung function increases up to 30 percent.you have increased energy.coughing and shortness of breath are greatly reduced.you are less likely to contract lung infections. this happens by the nine-month mark.a year after you quit smoking, your risk of coronary heart disease is half that of a smoker’s.five years after you stop this bad habit, your risk of esophageal, lung, mouth and throat cancers drops dramatically. your risk of having a stroke is the same as your other non-smoking pals.ten years after stopping, your chance of lung cancer death decreases to about half that of a smoker’s. this is great news; smoking accounts for 90 percent of lung cancer deaths worldwide.fifteen years after you stop, your risk of heart disease is the same as  someone who does not smoke. 








how does this program compare to others?



our stop clinic program provides a comprehensive approach using behavior modification techniques, laser, electrical acupuncture, hypnosis, neurolinguistic programing and tools for long term success.  we approach both the physical and mental parts of the addiction.other popular programs over the years include nicotine replacement therapies (nicotine patches, lozenges, gum, vapes, e-cigs, etc.), medications such as chantix and zyban (aka welbutrin), “the shot” behind the ear (uses a drug called scopolamine), staples, hypnosis, acupuncture.  many of these programs can become long and drawn out.  people who use nicotine usually want immediate results.  our rapid detoxification program provides immediate results!many “stop smoking programs” come and go, but ours was the first comprehensive program (treating both the physical, mental and emotional parts of an addiction) in this area of the united states. established in 1992, our program has maintained a huge success rate enabling thousands of people from all over the united states and several foreign countries to stop smoking.the stop clinicour program combines electrical stimulation treatments (auricular therapy) with counseling, education and follow-up support to address both the physical and mental components of nicotine addiction.counseling sessions include behavior modification techniques and tools used to address the mental and emotional part of the addiction.  our treatment uses a mild electrical stimulation to blocks cravings and withdrawal symptoms.treatment and behavior modification tools help prevents weight gain that is often associated with smoking cessation. we have better than a 95 %  success rate.   we provide follow-up visits and on-going support.  we can guarantee your success!ear acupuncturethis treatment, using needles instead of electrical stimulation, is also known as auricular therapy. acupuncture is considered to be an invasive treatment, due to needles breaking the skin.because of the mild bleeding, care needs to be taken to prevent infections and/or the transference of blood; i.e., concerns with hepatitis, hiv, etc. effectiveness of this treatment increases when counseling is included.“the “shot”popular in the raleigh/durham area during 2007 era, but not so popular now. the “shot” injects a combination of drugs into the 10th cranial nerve in the ear to block the cravings.  it is actually quite dangerous!not only is the drug combination dangerous, “the “shot” only targets the physical addiction. it does not target the psychological addiction, which many smokers find harder to conquer.  this shot will not result in immediate smoking cessation.  for several months after the injection, the patient is required to take an ongoing medication.atarax, one of the drugs, may cause headache, fatigue, depression, insomnia, sedation, nervousness,  involuntary motor activity such as tremor and convulsions.  atarax is known to interact with more than a dozen different medications such as narcotics, antidepressants, antihypertensives and benzodiazepines.scopolamine (also known as the world’s scariest drug), another drug in this shot, is not safe for human consumption.   it can cause side effects such as disorientation, chemical hypnosis, tachycardia and sometimes death.  for those who are not faint of heart, you may watch this video before considering consuming scopolamine.in columbia, scopolamine grows wild as a beautiful tree with large white blooms.  the seed pods are picked and used as a powdery drug to rape, rob and sometimes kill.  the victim has no memory of the event and sometimes has problems with memory years into the future.atropine can cause dozens of side effects such as ocular tension, loss of taste, headache, nervousness, restlessness, drowsiness, weakness, dizziness, flushing, insomnia, nausea, vomiting, bloating, fever, mild to moderate pain at the injection site, loss of libido, and erectile dysfunction.do you blindly trust injections?  you may want to reconsider.“the “shot” is a very dangerous and invasive treatment. some reported side effects include:extreme drowsinessexcessive vomiting, lasting up to 3 daysallergic reactions requiring hospitalizationtemporary memory loss or disorientationmost providers of “the shot” require another 2 weeks of medications after the initial “shot”. because of the dangers associated with this treatment, it is usually administered in a hospital setting or near an emergency room.those with heart related problems, pregnant, or on medications are usually denied this treatment. “the “shot” can be a very dangerous procedure (and was approved by the fda).chantixchantix is perhaps the most popular drug offered by the great pharma (and approved by the fda). yet, it can be a dangerous, long and drawn out process. the patient has to take this drug for 2 or 3 months.chantix is not recommended for children under the age of 18, or not recommended if you are “allergic to anything in it”, according to the information pamphlets enclosed in the prescription package.you should also avoid chantix if you are on insulin, asthma medications, blood thinners, have kidney problems, are pregnant, or hope to be pregnant, or are breast feeding. possible side effects are nausea, constipation, gas, vomiting and suicidal tendencies. (package label posted: 9/23/2008)the food and drug administration today said smoking cessation drugs varenicline (chantix) and bupropion (zyban and generics) must now carry a “black box” warning that they can increase the risk of psychological side effects. these include unusual changes in behavior, hostility, agitation, depressed mood, suicidal thoughts, and attempted suicide. (consumer reports news: july 01, 2009 07:21 pm)(many clients of the stop clinic have reported using chantix and had to stop after experiencing nightmares, severe headaches, insomnia, negative changes in attitudes, hostility and unusual behaviors.)   march, 2015nicvaxnicvax is a nicotine conjugate vaccine, which is intended to reduce or eliminate physical nicotine addiction. the vaccine contains nicotine-specific anti-nicotine bodies, which can assist this process. it can also be used as a preventative measure to protect the body against addiction. the drug consists of hapten 3′-aminomethylnicotine mixed with recombinant pseudomonas aeruginosa exoprotein a.the vaccine is administered through six injections over a period of six months. it works by stimulating the immune system of the body to produce specific anti-bodies. the antibodies contained in the vaccine attach themselves to nicotine molecules to make the molecules in the bloodstream too big to cross the blood-brain barrier.nicvax is still in clinical trials. at the conclusion of the study, it was concluded that nicvax was "safe and well tolerated", with side effects including *headaches, colds, and upper respiratory tract infections*.(the stop clinic's method of treating nicotine addiction is much safer. we teach prevention which includes healthy and natural methods to boost one's immune system.)electronic cigarettes … aka e-cigs and vapingcigarette smokers are known to be at higher risk for developing cancers; the biggest risk being lung cancer.  tobacco users are 15 to 30 times more likely to be diagnosed with or die as a result of lung cancer than nonsmokers.  tobacco use is responsible for as many as 90 percent of all lung cancer cases [source: cdc].despite the marketing claims that e-cigarettes are safer than smoking tobacco, researchers are finding e-cig users experience diminished lung function, airway resistance and cellular changes; regardless, of whether or not they ever smoked cigarettes.  cells exposed to e-cigarette vapor show unhealthy changes similar to cells exposed to tobacco smoke [source: park et al].users who vape nicotine-free e-cigs cannot escape the effects, either.  they also experience airway resistance and other signs of inflammation as side effects of e-cigarette use and vaping.liquid nicotine is extracted from tobacco, but unlike tobacco leaves, liquid nicotine can be lethal. it can cause harm when it’s inhaled, but it can also be harmful when ingested or absorbed through your skin. only a small dose is dangerous — less than one tablespoon of many of the e-liquids on the market is enough to kill an adult, and as little as a teaspoon could kill a child. [source: richtel].the number of calls to poison control centers regarding e-cigarette nicotine-infused liquids rose sharply every month between september 2010 and february 2014, from just one call per month to as many as 215.  that is a rise from 0.3 percent to 41.7 percent of all emergency calls. as many as 51.1 percent of those calls involved accidental poisoning of kids under the age of 5 (roughly 42 percent involved adults age 20 or older) [source: cdc].despite being on the market for several years, many regulatory agencies and health experts aren’t sure just how safe e-cigarettes actually are. among their concerns is the lack of disclosure of all the ingredients used as well as the validity of health and safety claims by manufacturers about their products.in 2009, for example, the food and drug administration (fda) found some cartridges of liquid nicotine contained about 1 percent diethylene glycol (deg), a toxic chemical ingredient also found in antifreeze [source: fda].to make matters worse, the amount of nicotine listed on a cartridge label may not match the actual amount in the cartridge. fda testing has found cartridges under the same manufacturing label may release significantly different levels of nicotine, ranging from 26.8 to 43.2 micrograms nicotine per 100 millilitre puff.  lab tests indicate the nicotine-free cartridges are giving you a low dose of nicotine, despite the claims [source: fda].manufacturers, however, say the e-cigarette is simply recreational, and should not be subject to fda regulation.it’s not only smokers who are impacted by the effects of cigarettes; as many as 2.5 million nonsmokers have died from the lethal effects of secondhand smoke between 1964 and 2014 [source: cdc].hypnosisthe stop clinic teaches self hypnosis techniques (as needed) for those struggling with negative thoughts which can sabotage one’s success.hypnosis is relaxing and most effective for treating stress, trauma and phobias. for weight-loss, hypnosis could only work if the client is willing to make major diet and life style changes. hypnosis alone, would not lead to weight-loss.laser treatmentlaser treatments are similar to acupuncture, but not as strong as the electrical nerve stimulation treatments provided at the stop clinic.clients who tried the laser treatments in the past, report the stop clinic’s treatment to be significantly more effective and stronger than the laser treatment.we have found the laser to be more effective for the stimulation of collagen, to reduce wrinkles, rather than treating addictions.the “staple”an invasive treatment of placing a staple in the ear, offering a placebo affect. this ancient procedure has been around as long as acupuncture itself, a.k.a. “pierced ears”. the staple is not a good method for either addictions or weight-loss.nicotine patchnicotine replacement therapy often delivers more nicotine into the bloodstream than you would receive if you were smoking. if you smoke less than a pack a day, the patch may deliver too much nicotine into the bloodstream and cause an allergic reaction and sickness. the patch can help eliminate the habit of the hand to mouth motion for the more habitual smokers. use of the patch can cause severe night sweats and nightmares. success rate is less than 20 percent.nicorette gumnicotine replacement therapy sometimes causes a person to trade one addiction for another. this gum is highly addictive.we have treated people who have been addicted to the gum for more than 12 years!nicotine lozengesthis nicotine replacement therapy is not as addictive as the nicorette gum. using this just provides another form of nicotine delivery.zyban (aka welbutrin)if you are not used to taking an antidepressant, this prescribed medication may cause headaches, dizziness, a drugged feeling or disorientation. for some, side affects include depression and suicidal tendencies.  zyban was popular before 2007, but was replaced, in popularity, by the drug, chantix  (see above).“cold turkey”admirable approach to stop smoking, but not necessary. some people are more addicted to nicotine than others.some people, simply, have a long term habit and are not necessarily addicted to the nicotine.  these people wake up one day and declare to never smoke again!  (just like alcohol; not everyone who drinks is addicted to alcohol.)this, however, is not the normal reaction to stopping a nicotine addiction.  most people seek help to deal with the nicotine cravings and withdrawals. 












frequently asked questions 












schedule 






book now











click the book now button or call 919.696.3773 to schedule an appointment.
we offer private or group visits and smoking cessation (including vaping) programs ranging from 3 to 5 visits.
we also offer programs for food addiction, weight loss, and food-related illnesses such as pre-diabetes, chronic fatigue, fibromyalgia, irritable bowel syndrome, chemical drug sensitivity, and more. please call for a free phone consultation and evaluation. if we are sure we can help with your problem, we will commit to you for treatment.
we look forward to working with you and helping you achieve a healthy and nicotine free lifestyle! 











don’t take our word for it. here’s what our clients have to say… 











 


jennifer oakley 




after leaving leslie’s office on day one, nothing made me want to light a cigarette. my only regret is that i didn’t quit sooner.  leslie and the procedure she is doing has changed my life forever.  i cannot believe how much better i feel!

















 


justin verlinger 




if you want to quit smoking, don’t waste another dime on cigarettes. go to this clinic, work with leslie, you will be free of the carcinogens and poison of smoking. i have seen a 100% success rate; every person i have recommended is now smoke free.





















 


betty brown 




doing simple chores around the house caused great discomfort. after the treatment i have no pain in my chest.  i can breathe deeper; i have more energy; i can sleep through the night; and, “the elephant” that used to “sit on my chest” is gone!

















 


kem arthur 




after the first treatment, i felt like i had not smoked for a very long time. my body and my mind were at a “different place” after my first treatment and visit with leslie. i was expecting to have physical and mental “cravings. this did not happen.

















read more testimonies 














 


 



















start on the path to a healthier you! 



stop putting it off! schedule your appointment with the stop clinic today! 




 



















 



875 walnut street #275cary, nc 27511 






facebook-f
 



twitter
 



instagram
 














 


leslie lyon 




owner							













links 




other services
about
people we’ve helped
testimonies
blog
contact
 

other services
about
people we’ve helped
testimonies
blog
contact
 





 








latest news 















				kombucha & fermented drinks			












				metabolism, weight loss, & healthy eating			












				corona virus prevention protocol			












				kitty lost 51 pounds in 15 weeks during the covid-19 quarantine			












				gerry bromstead stopped smoking 21 years ago!			























copyright © 2025 stop clinic. website design and hosting by nextwave concepts.








 

 







































