








hospice care and palliative care buffalo | hospice care in buffalo










































                    716-686-8077                



                    contact us                










                                                            donate                



                                                            covid - 19 policy                



                                                            volunteer                



                                                            news                



                                                            events                



                                                            careers                



                                                            refer someone                



















our services our servicesservices overviewveteran supporthospice careexpressive therapiessocial workperinatal programpalliative caregrief supportessential care for childrenspiritual careresources resourcesresources overviewour researchunderstanding hospice vs. palliative careadvance care planningcaregiver resourceshealthcare provider resourcesplan your willgive & get involved give & get involvedgive & get involved overviewdonate nowsupport special eventsdesignate your donationplan your willhost your own fundraiserpathways of remembrancetributes & memorialsvolunteer your timeshare your gratitudeabout us about usour missionleadership & boardour historyhospice foundationnews newspress releases hospice & palliative care buffalo announces vaccine requirementhospice buffalo celebrates national hospice & palliative care monththe hospice foundation of wny receives grant for camp blue skiesraising awareness about the benefits of hospice and palliative carepci receives grant from wilson legacy fund to help children's caregiverscamp for kids who’ve experienced the death of someone they lovedave and joan rogers establish $1million endowment fund to  essential care for childrenhospice buffalo receives hospice honors elite awardhospice buffalo announces 2018 board appointmentsnew coo for hospice buffalobuffalo medical group – oncology team honored by palliative care buffalohospice buffalo receives 2017 hospice honors elitepatrick flynn appointed to hpcanys boardkerr named chief executive officer of the center for hospice & palliative carehospice buffalo appoints romanowski, mshospice buffalo receives grant for document management systemstudy conducted by the palliative care institute indicates dreams and visions provide a profound source of meaning and comfort for the dying.the ralph c. wilson, jr. foundation donates $2 million to hospice buffalonew direction announced for st. john baptist hospice buffalo inpatient unithospice & palliative care buffalo featured in tucker carlson segment on fox nationhospice & palliative care buffalo receives grant to support their graduate nurse residency program.hpcb receives six million dollar commitment to design a new space on campusin the news letter: learn the benefits of hospice, palliative carecost savings, rising awareness boosting palliative care growthself-care and caregiver tipsnhpco announces providers successfully earning quality connections rings in first quarter of 2021hospice and palliative care buffalo names new medical directorhospice doc readies for film festival tour on dreams at end of lifeannouncing the frances a. little hospice wing at aurora parkkindness, grace, and appreciating older adultsa new vision for dreams of the dyinghospice patient shares artwork one final timenot taught in med school: interpreting dreams of the dyingthe soul of hospicesomali refugee children connect with deaf students on a basketball court“people don’t understand what goes on in here”: a consensual qualitative research analysis of inmate-caregiver perspectives on prison-based end-of-life care.study on inmate peer care program finds that caring for dying fellow inmates can facilitate positive growth for the incarcerateddr. christopher kerr featured on grief dreams podcastbrookdale kenmore partners in caring plaque presentationhospice helps patients and families focus on quality of lifesteve tasker visits hospice patientprimary care of wny recognized for early detection of patients’ palliative care needsorchard heights recognized for exceptional care collaboration with hospice buffaloannouncing new hospice partnership with catholic health at mcauley residencepaying to keep seniors out of the hospitalit’s never too late to say ‘thank you’ to our nation’s veteransamerican college of healthcare executives program "a conversation with an executive: patricia ahern"hospice buffalo receives $1250 check from the grangehospice to place former gilda’s club mansion at 1140 delaware avenue on market - proceeds to establish endowment fundthe follow - up expert advice to help you plan for end-of-life careselfless among us: dr. christopher kerr of hospice buffalohope rises: hospice does more than one might thinkhospice & palliative care buffalo renames campus to honor co-founderloss beyond the bedsidemother cabrini grants go to mental health, workforce training and dental care groupswhy dying people often experience a burst of luciditythe dreams that help to face death with sweetnessandrew dodges gave a fortune to hospice. but the rest of his life story might top that.local doctor is a global advocate for better carehealthiest employers: finalists in the 250-499 employees categorytaking care of the caregivers at the holidayswhat deathbed visions teach us about livingwbbz-tv’s buffalo on the rising show with joe chilewhy people at the end of their lives see loved ones who have been dead for yearsreaders share stories of their loved ones’ deathbed visionstwo women i will never forget: my experience at hospice & pallitive care buffalonew place of respitejourneys publicationscontact us contact ushelp for a loved one or myselfmake a speaker requestcommunity grief supportupdate my addressessential care for childrensend a free evaluation requestrefer your patientrefer a loved onehospice bereavementvolunteergeneral questionsphoto releasehospice helpers applicationtribute gifts listing







                    716-686-8077                



                    contact us                














public sites near you

						close					










we help improve quality of life for you and your family 



                  find caregiver resources                















hospice care


              we care for individuals suffering from life-limiting illness, with a prognosis of six months or less. hospice care provides comprehensive physical, emotional, social, and spiritual care that is tailored to an individual’s and family's needs and wishes when seeking comfort versus curative treatment.            

learn about hospice care

 



palliative care


              when faced with serious illness, our palliative care team works with patients’ physicians to help manage symptoms and related issues to reduce stress and improve quality of life. palliative care is appropriate at any age and at any point during a serious illness, and can be provided at the same time as curative treatment.            

learn about palliative care 

 





learn about our full range of services  ➝













                    "my nurse really knows me, not just as a patient, but as an individual. she genuinely cares. she is thorough and professional. enrolling in home connections is one of the best things i have done to better manage my illness, my weakness, and my pain. i am grateful for the care and support, and so is my family."
                

                    – frank, home connections - home connections patient                





hear frank’s full story below











hospice & palliative care buffalo is a not-for-profit organization that provides comfort-focused medical care and social, emotional and spiritual support for patients and their loved ones throughout erie county. we do this through programs such as hospice care, palliative care, essential care for children, and grief support services. we support over 1,000 patients a day in our community. learn more about their stories.

 














            4,722 total patients served          




            over 850 volunteers          




            serving erie county          





learn more about our full range of services ➝















read our journeys publication➝



                learn more about our organization, programs and staff.              
 












read our tribute gifts➝



                listed are one-time gifts received from january 1–june 30, 2024 that were made in memory of a single tribute.              
 












stay in touch➝



                help starts here.  stay connected and in touch with our news and updates.              
 











sign up for our newsletter➝
keep up with the latest hospice & palliative care buffalo news and events!
 
milch - mitchell campus
225 como park boulevard
buffalo, ny 14227
 
716-686-8077



 







                                                            care without barriers                



                                                            hospice inpatient unit visitation hours                 



                                                            patient bill of rights & non-discrimination policy                



                                                            security & privacy                



                                                            sitemap                






 



social


















 



                  ©2025 hospice buffalo. website hosted by i-evolve technology services.
              









support hospice & palliative care buffalo

















 




get involved, however you choose.
















