


scott morrison fine woodworker
























scott morrison
w  o  o  d  w  o  r  k  e  r






build
feedback
gallery




 cart







home
build
feedback
gallery



 view cart







start building
what are you waiting for?
get started 






rocking chairs and custom furniture
...handmade, heirloom quality and built to last.  i invite you to experience the look, feel, quality and comfort of one of these handmade pieces.
my custom rocking chair instructional videos and templates will guide you through the process of building your own custom chairs.
â purchase templates













chair building
the human body, although as varied as wood grain itself, still wants to be comfortable.  with this in mind, i've designed my instructional plans to result in rocking chairs with exceptional lumbar support, sculpted seats, headrests and arms.  they will cradle your body as though it were made just for the rocking chair instead of the reverse. 
read more about my chair building process...
â  learn more







thinking outside the chair
woodworking is my passion - and building custom chairs was what made that passion burn. the challenges of creating a thing of beauty, lasting strength, pleasing form and sensual comfort are numerous and forced me to continually revise my pieces.
i hope to empart this same feeling to all of my chair-building customers.  that they should learn from previous designers and add their own touch while pushing their own boundries. i had refused to accept the notion that i had mastered my craft; complacency and status quo have no place in the workshop. more about me, including exhibits and awards...
â  learn more













the perfect rocking chair
...it takes the eye of an artist, the hand of a craftsman and the design skills of an engineer.  sam maloof embodies all of these traits and, in case you haven't surmised, is one of my biggest influences. 
not only has sam helped change the perception and attitudes of consumers all over the world, but he has been instrumental in bringing the craft of woodworking to new levels.
â  learn more







coming soon: new deck chair
looking for some sturdy deck seating?  if you have a router and some bits, then this new piece from scott morrison fine woodworker is for you.
take a look at our deck chair and decide for yourself.  it's literally a weekend project, easy to make and quick to build.  this guy is so sturdy even the most rotund of you will be supported.  i mean seriously your 10 year old can build this...



new







augmented reality:  try it out...



low-back chair



tea party chair








want to see how your next chair building project will look in your room? try it out with our 3d chair library.
we are currently building our library of chairs in 3d so you can use ar to view them live, in your home.  not only can you see how the finished piece will look, but if you're in the middle of a build, you can checkout the details up close. if you're viewing this website using an iphone or ipad, click this image of the low-back to view the chair in 3d.






21+
years in business
        

22+
products available
        

11940+
happy customers
        

165+
countries served
        






more info

exhibits & awards
press
build process
butterfly joint
benefits of rocking
rocker comfort
wood seleciton



get help

faq
contact us



online shop

purchase templates
purchase dvd's
about us



follow us

â  youtube 




smww copyright â© 2024 scott morrison fine woodworker - all rights reserved





