










zfuk | zionist federation of united kingdom & ireland



















































 














home
about zf

about zf
what we do
meet the team


news
zf events

zf events
speak hebrew like an israeli


donate

donate
the zf rosh hashanah appeal
leave a gift in your will
become a patron
volunteer with us


affiliate members

affiliate members
become a member


resources
contact

0 items
  
 
 



donate









 










home
 


select page


  
 



 



 


































 







speaking out for israel
the zionist federation of great britain and ireland, also known as the british zionist federation or simply the zionist federation (zf), was established in 1899 to campaign for a permanent homeland for the jewish people.
the zionist federation is an umbrella organisation for the zionist movement in the united kingdom, representing more than 30 organisations, and over 50,000 affiliated members.
the zf celebrates israel and challenges our enemies. as the uk affiliate of the world zionist organisation, originally founded as the zionist organisation at the initiative of theodor herzl, the zf stands up for israel in all forums, both nationally and internationally. from the media, to civil society, to the political establishment, the zf is proud to support the noble cause of zionism.
click here to find out more!










 









subscribe to the zf newsletter















by signing up to the zf newsletter, you agree that we may contact you by email. your data will be processed in accordance with our privacy policy.



privacy policy








zf statement on reactions to amnesty’s “apartheid” report

the zionist federation is heartened by a broadly robust response to amnesty international’s biased and antisemitic report on israel which was published earlier this week. we are glad that so many have spoken out against it, and are grateful to partner organisations...
read more




zionist federation statement on amnesty’s latest report

01.02.2022 the zionist federation condemns amnesty international’s report focusing on israel which was published earlier today. we have found it to be biased, hostile, and consistently applying unfair standards to israel no other country is subjected to. we were...
read more


« older entries




follow zf on social media

follow @zionistfed

















 











facebook




x


© 2021 zionist federation | privacy policy 




this website uses cookies. some are essential for the operation and security of the site. others enable specific functions such as analytics and marketing. read more close privacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 
 
































