





dj lancaster york harrisburg area - harrisburg, lititz



























this web site requires javascript to be enabled



            still in the green room...
         





occasions disc jockeys 




 price quote 
 login 

 wedding dj's 
 ceremonies receptions preparation references uplighting photobooth faq best man / maid of honor free extras 


 music 
 slow dance recent country christian latin 


 party dj's 
 parties uplighting photobooth game night 

 home 
 | 
     






















 



 



 



 



 



 














×










 i am not a robot
       remember me

login


cancel
not available right now









our services


our wedding services
whether it's an intimate party or a large lavish wedding celebration, occasions disc jockeys takes into consideration your vision for your special day and is committed to making your wedding as unequaled and astounding as possible.  when you choose occasions disc jockeys for your special day, you'll work with wedding pros who want to make sure everything is perfect.  before the day, we'll work with you to learn about how you want everything to look and feel.  and on your wedding day, we'll make sure things stay on schedule and that everyone has a great time - whether they want to dance or just chat with family.  your wedding is important, and we want it to be exactly the way you dream it.  occasions disc jockeys will get your guests on the dance floor in a fun way without being obtrusive by using our wide range of hits and timeless favorites.



 preparation 
 for all guests 
 professional 
  extras  



unforgettable weddings don't just happen.  it takes a lot of preparation before the big day to make everything come together the way you envisioned it.  we understant that and want to make sure that you don't overlook even the smallest detail when it comes to the music, the schedule, and the party.

  



easy to complete online forms


flexibility to include your vision


personalized review with your dj of your information before the big day


we work with your photographer, caterer, and wedding coordinator to make the night go smoothly








you have invited a lot of special people to your wedding.  you want to make sure everyone enjoys themselves.  we understand that there will probably be people of all ages - grandparents, parents, aunts & uncles, cousins, co-workers, friends, nieces & nephews, etc.  our expertice will make sure that everyone hears something they like without being offended.  as the night progresses, we continue to read the crowd and adjust the music to fit who is still on the dance floor.

  



wide range of music that will please all of your guests


expert audio technicians - your guests will hear without the volume being too loud or too quiet


top 40, oldies, country, hip hop, christian, r&b, disco, & more


a customizable mix of music


the day is about you, not us - we are there to be the master of ceremonies and play your music


there are no banners on our equipment










sure you're planning a party.  but you're planning so much more than that.  on this extra important day you aren't going to leave any detail to chance.  a professional wedding dj isn't just about playing music.  occasions disc jockeys are wedding experts.  we know celebrations like weddings don't just happen.  you can count on us to bring all the parts of your vision together and make it a night to remember!

  



full-time wedding focused company


insured, music legally bought, not streamed


onsite backup for everything from the music to the cables and speakers


disc jockeys dressed formally


no tasteless comments


experience to read the crowd and keep the dance floor full without annoying gags or one-liners










we still have more to offer you.  we are an entertainment company.  different people like different things.  we offer our couples many different extra services and entertainment to provide something for everyone.  there will be something for everyone when you hire occasions for your event.

  



decorative uplighting


ceremony music


photo booth


free dance floor lights *


free advice cards *


free cornhole game *

* free with minimum 4 hour dj service











virtual events
online games and other virtual events have become very popular in 2020.  if you are planning your college welcome activities, a family reunion, thanksgiving or holiday get togethers remotely, we can help.  we have lots of game including our newest and most unique game ever, network connection.  find out games like music bingo, family friendly feuds, and more on our game night page.




birthday parties
we mainly work at family events like birthdays and weddings, so we act as mc and keep the day moving.  since birthdays of all ages usually have a wide variety of people, we always bring a wide range of music.  we take any of your requests or "do not play" lists.




corporate events
whether it is end of the year holiday parties, trade shows with background music, or business meeting that you just need microphones and speakers, occasions is the right choice for all your company events.




dances
we provide music for all types of dances - from daddy / daughter dances & reunions, to school dances & charity fundraisers - we have the music and light show to make sure everyone has a blast!











our
work























what
we do












































announcements: excellentdj personality: excellentrecommend dj?  yes"...you were outstanding! the music choices were solid. all of our guests are still talking about the music. thank you for making our night special!"
caitlin and trevor - 12/18/2022



announcements: excellentdj personality: excellentrecommend dj?  yes"...you did and amazing job! everything was flawless, from the music, timing, and the atmosphere you created. we would do our day over and over again, and you’re part of the reason why! we can’t thank you eno...
michele and ryan - 10/22/2022



announcements: excellentdj personality: excellentrecommend dj?  yes"...you read the crowd well and kept everyone engaged and on the dance floor all night. couldn’t have asked for a more perfect evening."
cheyenne and nick - 12/1/2024



announcements: excellentdj personality: excellentrecommend dj?  yes"...we loved the communication you had with us, coming to us before each scheduled moment we had. we were so frazzled i would not have kept up without your communication!"
sara and alex - 10/13/2023



announcements: excellentdj personality: excellentrecommend dj?  yes"...you kept the night moving and on schedule without making the night about you."
sarah and brady - 7/22/2023



announcements: excellentdj personality: excellentrecommend dj?  yes"...how were the announcements and pronunciations? 10how was the dj's personality? 10did the dj keep the night going smoothly?  10"
christine and jeff - 9/23/2023



announcements: excellentdj personality: excellentrecommend dj?  yes"...did the dj play the music you wanted?  10how was the dj's personality? 10did the dj keep the night going smoothly? 10"
casi and kurt - 9/13/2024



announcements: excellentdj personality: excellentrecommend dj?  yes"...our reception was so much fun! you played the perfect selection of songs that kept everyone dancing all night long."
brianna and tyler - 7/2/2022



announcements: excellentdj personality: excellentrecommend dj?  yes"...you really took into consideration everything we had explained and wanted. you were professional and kept the evening running smoothly."
jessica and tyler - 6/15/2023



announcements: excellentdj personality: excellentrecommend dj?  yes"...you were very professional, organized, and made the wedding and reception enjoyable and smooth."
jessica and luke - 6/25/2022



  previous    next 





our awards


















































































 contact 






                           request a price quote
                           



                           po box 83elizabethtown pa  17022
                           

717-413-0773
text message





lancaster dj's serving: harrisburg, hershey, york, and surrounding areas in south central pa















get a price quote





ceremony, cocktail hour, and reception
cocktail hour & wedding reception
party, event, dance or other function





(including site name & city)

by submitting this form, you permit us to email you.we will not share your email address with anyone.




















© 1999 - 2025 | occasions disc jockeys - all rights reserved.  dancing trees  privacy policy



top







 
 
 
 
 
 
 



