








christcenteredgamer.com | christian game reviews


















































































 




















































homereviewspc/mac/linuxcommodore 64consolesgenesisdreamcastplaystationplaystation 2playstation 3playstation 4playstation 5nesn64gamecubewiiwii uswitchxboxxbox 360xbox onexbox series xxavixhardwarehandheldsandroiddsgameboygameboy advancegameboy coloriospspvita3dssoftwarevirtual realitycard/paper rpgcheatsmisc. articlesfaqsstatement of faithethicsblogscontact usfaqsforumjobswrite for usdonateprofile





 search





search






 


				filter by type:				




articles
category
contact
easyblog entries
tag






				search for:			




					all words				


					any word				


					exact phrase				


					phrase prefix				


					wildcard				


					fuzzy query				


				- all words: returns only documents that match all words. - any word: returns documents that match any word. - exact phrase: returns only documents that match the exact phrase entered. - phrase prefix: works like the exact phrase mode, except that it allows for prefix matches on the last term in the text. - wildcard: returns documents that match a wildcard expression. - fuzzy query: returns documents that contain terms similar to the search term. for example: if you search for kolumbia. it will return search results that contain columbia or colombia.			





				order by:			




					relevance				


					newest first				


					oldest first				


					featured first				




search


 



















				you are here:  
			
home 










						fairy tail: beach volleyball havoc					





						chicken police: into the hive!					





						 light de deux					





						sugoro quest: dice heroes					





						macross -shooting insight- 					











				11 february 2025			









foton pearled candle


internet


			thank you foton candle for sending us a sweetheart gift set to review!candles have so many purposes. they can be used as a light source in a power outage or if they are scented they can be used as air fresheners. many people use candles to set a roma...	



read more









				11 february 2025			









why should you wait for ramadan offers before buying electronics?


internet


			looking to buy new electronics soon? before you rush to make a purchase, consider the period of ramadan, a time that often brings incredible deals and discounts. retailers understand that consumers have higher spending power during this season, leadi...	



read more









				30 january 2025			









mudream.online: unleashing the future of mu online gaming


gaming


			in a digital landscape brimming with mmorpgs, mudream.online stands out, breathing new life into the classic mu online experience. with the latest version, mudream classic, this mu online private server goes beyond nostalgia, offering innovative feat...	



read more









				14 january 2025			









transforming your racing experience by using the right race simulator frame


gaming


			 if you are a race enthusiast, you can use the right race sim rigs to gain more experience that you may not be able to acquire elsewhere. but one of the factors that can impact your sim driving experience is the race simulator frame or the cockp...	



read more









				10 january 2025			









top features of the honor magic 7 pro you should know


hardware


			the honor magic 7 pro is a device that captures attention with its impeccable features and top-tier performance. as smartphone technology evolves, manufacturers strive to deliver innovative and powerful devices. honor magic 7 pro stands out in this c...	



read more









				24 december 2024			









fallout 4 creation club and is it worth getting?


gaming


			fallout 4 is still the latest single-player fallout game. until bethesda releases fallout 5, the developers at bethesda left the base game, expansions, and a massive amount of optional creation club content to enjoy. while most would use fan mods and...	



read more












industry news 





                        souls-like, roguelite crossover mortal rite receives first major early access update




                        hoover heroes demo is out now!




                        wildkeepers rising demo now available




                        supercar collection simulator demo is out now!




                        space lion 2: leon's strife launching on march 13th




                        lonely on valentine’s day? shop simulator: waifu pillows can help!




                        the executive movie industry tycoon is available on pc




                        chibi ninja shino-kun treasure of demon tower will be released onto nintendo switch, xbox one, xbox series x/s, ps4/ps5




                        tomb raider i-vi remastered now available




                        kasedo games and somasim have today revealed a new developer walkthrough video for rise of industry 2




                        greek odyssey-themed astraeos available now for ark






latest youtube video


previous streams







latest reviews




fairy tail: beach volleyball havoc (pc)

computer
14.feb







chicken police: into the hive! (pc)

computer
13.feb







light de deux (pc)

computer
12.feb







sugoro quest: dice heroes

switch
10.feb







macross -shooting insight- (switch)

switch
07.feb







irem collection volume 2 (switch)

switch
06.feb







corsair virtuoso max wireless gaming headset

hardware
03.feb







arcane blast (pc)

computer
31.jan







camscanner

software
30.jan







ys x: nordics (pc)

computer
29.jan







operation serpens (psvr2)

virtual reality
28.jan







pinball fx - pacific rim pinball (pc)

computer
27.jan
























follow us!

         
 



 





                        verse of the day - 1 john 4:21

and he has given us this command: whoever loves god must...                        






donate

please consider supporting our efforts.  since we're a 501 c3 non-profit organization, your donations are tax deductible.
 








join our discord





who's online

we have 22223 guests and no members online















