





discover canal fulton







































 







 






 










                          click the seal above to visit the official city of canal fulton web site.



                          the canal fulton
                          chamber of commerce














welcome to historic canal fulton ohio!
ohio's gateway to outdoor recreation





the historic town of canal fulton is nestled
                        in the northwest corner of stark county among the ohio and
                        erie canals and the tuscarawas river. canal fulton offers the
                        advantages of living in a close knit community of historic
                        beauty with the convenience of being a short drive to the hustle
                        and bustle of bigger metropolitan areas of stark, summit, and cuyahoga counties. home sweet home rings new meaning in canal
                        fulton



when it comes to outdoor recreation and health and wellness look no further than the city of canal fulton strategically located along the historic ohio & erie canal. 
                  in addition to the extensive recreational, educational and wildlife conservation programs offered by stark parks, canal fulton is unique in that it has two waterways running through it's downtown in the ohio & erie canal and the tuscarawas river that brings nature directly into the fabric of the community.
                  downtown canal fulton has become one of the top destinations for both foot and bike races drawing participants from within and outside of the state, a major fishing spot where a variety of record size fish have been caught and the canal towpath is used for everything from walking, jogging, biking, family walks, bird watching and nature watching, eco and wildlife tourism and more.


click here for community announcements











please support our sponsors: 























 


 
 


.. and be sure to check out our full canal fulton business directory!




home | visitors center | contact us | advertising info
discover canal fulton is a service of web marketing services, inc.
                    questions / problems? please send e-mail to: discover canal fulton 
copyright ©2004 web marketing services, inc. all rights reserved.
                    powered by incipio web services










note: discover canal fulton is a service of web marketing service, inc. and is not the official government web site of canal fulton. the official city of canal fulton web site can be found by clicking here. 





forecasts





  






  






  









[ click for  web site ]







  







 
 the ohio & erie canalway, designated as a national heritage area by congress in 1996, encourages you to actively explore this 110-mile linear heritage greenway.
[ click for  web site ]








 
welcome
                            to ohio's most comprehensive travel planning website.
[click
                            for web site]








 






 


 




