





texican treasures | texas and southwest home styles
















texican treasures






about


news 


blogs 


my account


contact











06 mar 20
1338 views
134 favs

coin collecting for the abolsute beginner learner
gold coins are something of a rare commodity. they were circulated only until 1933, which makes them expensive when they are auctioned. the nice thing about gold is that its value probably will never go down - making it a good investment.another rare coin sought by collectors is the liberty seated dollar. these were last produced some time in the 19th century and are considered to be a rare find.

read full article









first thursday's on south congress in austin texas
austin is a great place for families.  all year round the city is full of events that cater to its citizens young and old.22 mar 20

981
118



a few tips on playing texas holdem online
one of the most popular games where you play for money is poker. this has been around for a long time and has been played live by people for generations.04 apr 20

399
8



storage bins make great garage organizers
there are a lot of companies that make garage organizers, but one company that recently came to my attention, because some of their products are bit more unique than others, is quantum storage systems17 may 20

460
60





10 apr 20
1137
126

is there anyone who hasn't heard of lance armstrong?



24 apr 20
534
54

tex mex and mexican food are different cuisines



06 may 20
1010
51

the many faces of the 12-bar blues



26 may 20
252
26

the origin of cowboy boots and how to shop for them today



recent news
more news






13 jun 20
posted by administrator
459 views
19 favs

the perfect cut makes a perfect meal: tips for choosing the right cut of meat
how to choose quality food is one of a cook's most important lessons. the quality of the ingredients that go into a meal determine its taste, texture, aroma and healthfulness. this is especially true of choosing the correct cut of meal for any dish.







15 jun 20
posted by administrator
521 views
58 favs

texas wine - it's not just about lonestar beer
last few years have witnessed a growing popularity of texas wine in the national as well as international market.







25 jun 20
posted by administrator
655 views
53 favs

tim foust is the next great country music artist
if you have not seen the show, certainly you have at least heard of the smash television hit 'american idol' at some point. well, tim foust is definitely the next american idol, just not in the pop genre. tim foust is certain to be the next great country music artist.







10 jul 20
posted by administrator
173 views
4 favs

utility knife to artful weaponry, the knife leaves its mark in history
as ancient as mankind itself, the knife is the earliest form of weaponry for which there has been no substitute. essential for survival, the knife was developed out of necessity and has evolved through the ages.







24 jul 20
posted by administrator
500 views
25 favs

western wall art
many people love the look at the feel of the west, and the southwest specifically. it's very easy to create a room or a home that is based around a western feel.







popular blogs



31 jul 20

posted by administrator
cuckoo clocks striking the hour
back in the fourteenth century mechanical clocks appeared. a bell sounded every hour. these clocks did not have hands or faces. the speed of the clocks movement was driven by weights and springs. the most important event in clock making took place in the early nineteenth century. it was the introduction of mass production and interchangeable parts.



23 aug 20

posted by administrator
kayaking around horsey island - paddling out
horsey island is an island in the walton-on-the-naze backwaters in essex, england.it is mentioned by swallows and amazons author arthur ransome and hamford water at the top of horsey island is the setting for his eighth book, secret water.



06 oct 20

posted by administrator
native american drone flutes and their beautiful sound
native american drone flutes are beautiful.  they are constructed of wood and can produce a soothing sound of music.  the sound is almost mysterious.   they also look great when they are displayed in your home. by adding musical instruments from a variety of sources to your home decor, you will be adding a touch of culture as well.






newest blogs
more blogs



22 aug 20

posted by administrator
furniture where to get it and where to put it
when it comes to furniture, you have several different types. there is basic, custom handcrafted, and thrift shop types to name a few. the basic type of furniture is found in any retail store and can be an affordable and fashionable way to create just the right atmosphere in any room. furniture can be a utilitarian device in your home or it can define your personality.



13 sep 20

posted by administrator
more teaching demand for the influx of english-language learners
the population in america is growing slowly. although with overall slow growth, the growth that there is, is mainly among immigrant minority groups. the growth leans more toward the large immigration of those coming from mexico and central/south america, who are mostly spanish speakers.



08 oct 20

posted by administrator
southwest rugs are a designer's delight
southwest rugs offer unique color tones that please the eye and give a type of rustic charm to the room.  their historical significance dates back over one hundred years and brings with the history, special designs, textures and techniques of weaving.






about our company

our mission has always been a core value of our identity.  learn more about who we are and why we do what we do.

learn more 




join our community

find friends and other enthusiasts that share your interests.  join our community today and learn and share with others.

register today 




need help?

do you have any questions about our website?  send us a quick message and a representative will contact you shortly.

contact us 




sign up for our newsletter
get the latest updates, offers, and messages by signing up for our free newsletter!


sign up today





privacy policy |
terms of service |
accessibility statement


copyright © 2021 - www.texicantreasures.com. all rights reserved.







