


el bicho's hive






















    
	el bicho's hive
	
  
a collection of reviews covering the worlds of art and entertainment alongside other snobbish ramblings.








saturday, november 06, 2010



	 
	 pretty maids all in a row
	 
    


whoever came up with the made-to-order dvd service at warnerarchive.com is a genius.  all studios have quite a number of titles in the vaults that for one reason or another the decision-makers don't think warrant the financial investment required for a mass-market home-video release.  in the past, these titles used to sit and collect dust, but now the technology is both available and affordable for the studios to create dvds upon a consumer's request and have opened up new revenue streams.pretty maids all in a row is now available to order, and i understand why no one had faith in it: it's a terrible movie.  star trek's gene roddenberry produced and adapted francis pollini's novel for this combination sex comedy/crime story, which is director roger vadim's first american movie.  neither aspect is well executed and the movie is just an excuse to showcase very attractive women.  it likely had an appeal to young boys and shy men at the time who couldn't see naked women on their own, but now seems rather quaint.ponce de leon harper (john david carson) is a sexually obsessed, high school virgin.  he leaves his classroom because the presence of his sexy substitute teacher miss betty smith (angie dickinson) gives him an erection.  he goes to the bathroom to relax and finds a dead female student with a note pinned to her in the stall next to him.  captain sam surcher (telly savalas) arrives on scene to lead the investigation.michael mcdrew (rock hudson) is the football coach, school psychologist, and co-principal.  his nickname is tiger and he sleeps with a number of the female students.  apparently that sort of thing was all right in 1971.  and he's not the only one.  tiger schemes to get miss smith to sleep with ponce and because she wants to sleep with tiger she goes along with it.  apparently i went to high school in the wrong decade.after the second dead body, it's obvious who the killer is to the audience.  when two more bodies show up, it adds to the unbelievably of the story's conclusion because not only does the killer escape but is assisted.the end of the movie is even odder because after bedding miss smith, who appears destined to hook up with another student, ponce has become a stud.  he is seen making plans to have sex with three different women after school.  of course, they are at different times otherwise it may appear ridiculous.pretty maids all in a row is a male fantasy filled with beautiful women who are eager and willing to have sex.  it plays out like a softcore porno with all the sex cut out and doesn't have much to laugh at, neither intentionally nor unintentionally.  the print is damaged and contains some of the worst adr i have ever heard.  the one positive the film has to offer is how nice it is see women not altered through plastic surgery.labels: angie dickinson, gene roddenberry, pretty maids all in a row, rock hudson, sex comedy, warner archive



posted by el bicho @ 1:21 pm
0 comments






wednesday, october 27, 2010



	 
	 hank williams – the complete mother's best recordings... plus!
	 
    


i am not the first and won't be the last to sing the praises of the legendary hank williams.  he displayed such talent as a singer-songwriter his influence surpassed the country western genre.  in 1937 at the age of 14 he was given his own radio show on wsfa in montgomery, alabama, and put together a band known as the drifting cowboys.  hank expanded into recording religious music under the name luke the drifter.  he had 11 #1 hits, such as "cold, cold heart", "jambalaya (on the bayou)", and "your cheatin' heart"; quite a few more in the top ten, and has been covered by many different artists over the years, from tony bennett to beck.hank's personal life wasn't as successful.  he had problems with alcohol and drugs, resulting in his dismissal from wsfa in 1942 and the grand old opry in 1952.  hs first marriage to audrey sheppard ended in divorce.  he died on new year's day 1953 en route to a concert in canton, oh at the age of 29.two years earlier he found himself a busy man and doing well.  he played over 100 concert dates; earned five top ten country hits, including two #1s, and starred on a 15-minute morning radio broadcast sponsored by mother's best flour for nashville's wsm that aired at 7:15 am throughout the year.  the shows were recorded to 16" acetate discs and were almost thrown away if it hadn’t been for photographer les leverett, who is owed a debt of gratitude.  after a court battle, the recordings were deemed to be the property of the williams estate.in conjunction with time life, the shows are being released in a limited edition deluxe set currently available only online or by phone.  fans will be thrilled to learn that the mother's best collection increases "the number of known hank williams recordings by fifty percent," according to the website.the packaging is stunning.  it is shaped like an old-time radio and the back has a picture of what the electronics inside would look like.  there's a knob on the front that plays a recording from wsm.  inside the packaging are 16 discs: 15 cds and one dvd.  there are "72 complete 15-minute shows, featuring 143 performances by hank williams."  a number of songs are repeated over the course of the year.  some he never recorded commercially and others he never recorded elsewhere.  the website identifies them for the curious.most of the shows have a similar rundown.  hank sings a song, the band or another singer gets a song, and then hank closes with a religious song.  in between he serves as a spokesman for mother's best products.  cousin louie buck, who assists with the introductions of the "lovesick blues boy" and the product promotion, hosted the program.  hank is backed by the drifting cowboys who at this stage are don helms, sammy pruett, jerry rivers and cedric rainwater.  hank and the musicians are in fine form throughout and it's easy to understand why he was so popular.  he has a great voice and is able to evoke the emotions of the song's stories.  the fellas are entertaining when bantering back and forth.  audrey sings on several programs at the onset but stops appearing.  she's not a very good singer so she isn't missed, and their fraying relationship is likely a contributing factor for her absence.the shows at the beginning of the set are identified by the specific dates they aired through january and february.  then the cataloging isn’t as accurate with notations like "probably february" and "early march" moving on to the less specific "probably spring."disc 15 is slightly different.  with the same basic premise, hank records an audition in spring 1952 in the hopes of getting sponsored by aunt jemima pancake mix.  "stars in her eyes" is a venereal disease public service announcement where hank serves as a balladeer as the story plays out.  lena starts dating her boss joe and within a week they stay the night together.  after being married a month, he has to go away for three months for work, which causes her great stress.  she takes his picture off the mantle, and then joe's pal from high school, leo comes around.  after a month, he brings over some alcohol and gets her drunk.  she ends up catching syphilis and has to tell her husband.  it is bizarre.the dvd is entitled "hank williams: the untold stories," a 41-minute interview with hank's daughter; former band member helms and supporting act big bill lister, both of whom have since passed away, and wsm engineer glenn snoddy.  they share stories and heap praise onto hank.  also included in the set is an informative 108-page book that contains annotated liner notes detailing each program and a double-sided poster with hank on one side and his 1951-tour schedule on the other.the complete mother’s best recordings….plus! is a fantastic and important piece of history that allows listeners a glimpse of the past.  the shows are very enjoyable, but because of their repetitive nature, particularly in regards to the commercials, i prefer listening to them one episode at a time like they originally aired rather than an entire disc at a time.jake brown of glorious noise opens the set:article first published as music review: hank williams - the complete mother's best recordings... plus! on blogcritics.labels: country music, hank williams, luke the drifter, the drifting cowboys, venereal disease



posted by el bicho @ 3:13 am
1 comments






saturday, october 23, 2010



	 
	 charade - the criterion collection (blu-ray)
	 
    


while the bloated excess of cleopatra (1963) bankrupted 20th century fox and helped bring an end to the classic hollywood era, that same year saw the release of a delightful comic thriller that demonstrated the magic studios can deliver when they get it right. charade creates great suspense from the start as the opening scene features a body thrown from a train.  we cut to a french chalet where we meet regina lampert (audrey hepburn), an unhappy woman who talks about getting a divorce from husband charles.  she briefly crosses paths with peter joshua, played by cary grant, and considering his top billing, we know we're going to see him again.regina returns to paris and finds an empty house.  she learns from the police charles has been murdered, and later cia administrator barthlomew (walter matthau) informs her charles was part of a group that stole $250k from the u.s. government during the war and he is dead because he double-crossed his former cohorts, comprised of james coburn and george kennedy, who now want their cut and come after her for it.  peter comes to her aid but has ulterior motives.  regina really finds herself in a jam.  she doesn't know who to trust and doesn't know where the treasure.  once dead bodies start turning up, the stakes get even higher.producer/director stanley donen guides the film with a sure and steady hand, balancing the comedy, drama, action, and romance together.  that latter does test the limits of believability as grant looks the entire 25-year age gap between he and hepburn, but his character acknowledges it and the engaging dialogue between the two characters keeps them interesting to watch. the story by marc behm and peter stone is very smart and keeps the viewer in the dark almost as much as regina.  there is no false note in the plot as all the story's twists and turns are believable.  amazingly, this film fell into public domain because universal forgot to notice the copyright in the credits as was required by law at the time.  the criterion collection's blu-ray of the film may make you want to buy a copy, although the a/v specs don't make the best use of the high-def format.  while the work to the restore the film likely makes this release better than the rest, the 1080p/avc mpeg-4, displayed at a 1.85:1 aspect ratio encoded transfer, is uneven.  some scenes have a distracting amount of grain.  the bold colors of the opening title sequence but it sets a high bar that isn't always attainable throughout the rest of the film.  the brightness is too high in some sequences and blacks are inconsistent.  the mono audio channel delivers a decent experience but the adr sounds flat when cut with production audio and there's not enough oomph during the action scenes.as far as extras go, there's a commentary track recorded in 1999 by donen and stone and the film's trailer.  it's a pleasant track as these two old pro discuss the film, but it deserves a little more attention bestowed on it.  the essay by film historian bruce eder isn't enough.charade is an enjoyable film that is well worth seeing.  however, it may be better as a rental until the price drops or the release gets an upgrade.labels: audrey hepburn, cary grant, charade, stanley donen, walter matthau



posted by el bicho @ 9:24 pm
0 comments









	 
	 the sexy book of sexy sex by kristen schaal and rich blomquist
	 
    


written by real-life couple actress/comedienne kristen schaal and staff writer for the daily show with jon stewart rich blomquist, the sexy book of sexy sex  is a hysterical look at the different aspects of sex for straights,  gays, and even animals.   lucky for those who like naughty bits "the  most erotic and titillating parts of this guide are printed in red."   the book also comes with a warning not to "insert the book into any  orifice for sexual gratification," which is smart in our overly  litigious society.the authors are assisted by michael kupperman  and lisa hanawalt who provide illustrations that keep the book from  being read at the vast majority of jobs or by gentlemen in mixed  company.  although if you are looking to get fired, leave the book open  on your desk to the "where's waldo" spoof "wildo's retreat," a two-page  spread that suggests what hieronymus bosch's work on a tijuana bible  would have looked like.the past, present, and future of sex are  covered.  the first female orgasm on record comes from an 1897 diary  entry by flora stanley after an accidental encounter with a prototype  for her husband's steam engine invention.  the future portends wonderful  things.  forget woody allen's orgasmatron, the science of teledildonics  reveals many advances.  the next step in the evolution of shared remote  sexual experiences will be robotexting where robots will be sent to  perform the acts that can't take place in person.  on the other hand,  the glory wormhole has more frightening possibilities than the  terrestrial version.  not knowing what lifeform may be on the other side  of the universe willing to give an unknown user a blow job is scary  enough to imagine, but when the authors discuss the theories of time  travel, using a glory wormhole could change the history of the earth or  at least of your dating life.the gay chapter gives some examples  of slash fiction, a genre that finds tv series characters reimagined as  hypersexual homosexuals.  i first became aware of this phenomenon at a star trek  convention where illustrated stories revealed kirk and spock melding  more than minds.  of course, the humorists pick the shows from which a  reader would least like to see characters having sex: alf,  the golden girls, and knight rider.  you'll never think of kitt the same way again.the  book offers amusing factoids sprinkled throughout, although "fact"  isn't the f-word that they use.  there are also helpful hints that  inform what household items can be used as dildos.  dil-dos are bowling  pins and cell phones on vibrate while dil-don'ts are light bulbs and  cacti.  while the "don'ts" seem obvious, i am sure one medical  professional probably has a cringe-inducing anecdote to the contrary  about one curious individual.the sexy book of sexy sex should be called the funny book of sexy sex  except for the part about impotence because there's nothing funny about  that even if it does happen to everyone...or so i hear.  like sex, the  book is enjoyable read alone or in groups, although if you can get a  group to have sex, you might as well wait and read it alone.article first published as book  review:  the sexy book of sexy sex by kristen schaal  and rich blomquist on blogcritics.labels: humor, kristen schaal, rich blomquist, sex, the sexy book of sexy sex



posted by el bicho @ 3:28 pm
0 comments






thursday, october 21, 2010



	 
	 bored to death - the complete first season (blu-ray)
	 
    


hbo's bored to death is a half-hour comedy series created by writer jonathan ames about writer jonathan ames (jason schwartzman).  in the extras the real ames states his life informs the series but it is not autobiographical. in the series premiere the fictional ames decides to become a private investigator like raymond chandler's phillip marlowe after being dumped by his girlfriend suzanne (olivia thirlby) because the 30-year-old brooklynite wouldn't quit smoking pot or drinking alcohol, though to be fair he was down to white wine.the eight episodes of the first season revolve around ames' unlicensed detective work as he helps others with their lives, which keeps him distracted from having to deal with his own issues, such as accepting why his girlfriend left and trying to complete a second novel.  the series' humor is amusing, though frequently dry.  the characters are frequently the cause of their own problems, making them familiar to anyone who has seen a few low-budget indie films out of new york.schwartzman is a perfect fit as jonathan, floating between hollow confidence and a malaise brought on by having to be a grown-up; however, although the focal point, jonathan is the least interesting character of the series.  more entertaining are his friend ray (zach galifianakis) and his boss george (ted danson).  ray is a comic book writer who is sexually frustrated by his girlfriend leah (heather burns), the mother of two children.  ray is also frustrated because she is constantly on him to improve physically and emotionally.  george is the editor of "edition" and his id is stuck in overdrive as he constantly on the lookout for something fun to do.  the series is better whenever either one of them are paired with jonathan.the series has drawn an impressive collection of talent to guest star.  the roster includes kristen wiig and parker posey as jonathan's clients; bebe nuerwirth as his book agent; john hodgman as a writing rival; oliver platt as a publishing rival of george's who is also married to priscilla (laila robins), george's most orgasmic ex; and patton oswalt as a spy-equipment-store owner where jonathan shops.the video is presented with a 1080p/avc mpeg-4 encode displayed at 1.78:1 that is impressive.  colors are strong and the blacks are rich; the latter helping to evoke film noir from the shadows and delineation on display.  there's very good detail such as the clearly seen textures of jonathan yellow-brown corduroy jacket.  there are some scenes with grain issues; light colors of blue and red frame the grain, appearing like the image was blown up from 16mm to 35mm.   the dts-hd master audio 5.1 isn't fully used for this front-heavy mix that mainly delivers dialogue.  the ambiance is so inconsequential it's not clear why anyone bothered.  a little more tweaking could have brought the scenes and the city to life.there are bonus features on both discs and they come in hd.  disc 1 includes commentaries on episode 1 and 3 with schwartzman, ames, and the each episode's director.  there are also deleted scenes from episodes 3 and 4 (4 min).  on disc 2 there are commentaries on episodes 6 and 8 with schwartzman and ames joined by director adam bernstein and ted damson respectively.  there are two deleted scenes from episode 8 (3 min).  "jonathan ames' brooklyn" (13 min) finds the writer joined by schwartzman as they visit the locations where the series shot.  "the making of bored to death (20 min) is a typical look behind the scenes of the hbo series.bored to death is not your usual sitcom so those interested in a slightly different comedy should give it a chance though there won't be much lost by sampling it on dvd.article first published as blu-ray review: bored to death - the complete first season  on blogcritics.labels: blu-ray, bored to death, hbo, jason schwartzman, ted danson, zach galifianakis



posted by el bicho @ 9:17 pm
0 comments






sunday, october 17, 2010



	 
	 bill hicks – the essential collection
	 
    


this four-disc set is a marvelous archive that honors the late comedian bill hicks who died in 1994 of pancreatic cancer at the much too early age of 32.  much of his comedy was rooted in his anger in reaction to the state of american culture and can be traced back to comics like lenny bruce and george carlin.  he challenged audiences with his strong left-libertarianism views and his vulgar language, causing hicks to describe himself as "chomsky with dick jokes."  he claimed to enjoy pornography and drugs, hate advertisers and conservatives, and didn't find your kids special.  most importantly, he was as funny as he was outrageous.the two cds present previously released material from all seven of hicks' comedy albums.  for hardcore hicks collectors, there are also 11 tracks from a san ramon, ca show though no date of the performance is given.  the pieces are edited together out chronological order and while the flow and pacing work, i would have preferred to hear his work as it emerged over time.  some of the material is dated as hicks rails against the movie basic instinct and the first president bush though the jokes are still humorous for those who lived through the early '90s.  other material appears to be timeless as he deals with abortion, gays in the military, and tonight show host jay leno being a sellout.the two dvds contain material from his personal archives, most of which has never been released before.  "early years 1981-'86" presents video from four appearances.  the video is so bad on the houston '81 date hicks appears ghostlike as the backgrounds can be seen through him.  there's a poolside interview with hicks in 1988 discussing the outlaw comics, a group of houston comedians that included sam kinison.  hicks plays the guitar and sings some of their story.  "austin bootleg series" is a collection of four club dates recorded by his brother steve: november 1991, december 1992, and june and october 1993.  while the video hasn't been released on dvd before, some of the material can be heard on the cds arizona bay and rant in e-minor.the material that has been seen before probably hasn't seen by many people. "early years - tv interview" is a two-minute houston television news piece.  "outlaw comics" is a performance from 1985 in houston.  the biggest offering is "ninja bachelor party", a 30-minute video hicks created with kevin booth (who provides an introduction) and david johndrow.  after ten years working on it, they released the video to an austin theater in 1991.  hicks plays a ninja master who trains a young man so he can fight dr. death, also played by hicks.  the dialogue is dubbed in later.  from the quality, it's something you'd expect to see on cable access.  certainly a rare treat for any hicks fan and there are some laughs over how silly the whole thing is, but "essential hicks"?  that's debatable and i would lean towards "no".the last element of the collection is lo-fi troubadour, an album of original songs sung and performed on acoustic guitar by hicks.  it is available as downloadable mp3s.  rather than funny songs, it is a serious endeavor as hicks and demonstrates he had potential if had had the opportunity.even for fans that already have bill hicks' comedy albums, the rare video, coming in at over five hours, and the newly released audio definitely makes this an essential collection to your comedy library.labels: bill hicks, comedian, ninja bachelor party, outlaw comics



posted by el bicho @ 12:58 am
0 comments






friday, october 15, 2010



	 
	 beauty and the beast (1991) (blu-ray)
	 
    


the 1980s were of bit of a lost decade for the walt disney company in regards to their animated films. the fox and the hound, the black cauldron, the great mouse detective, and oliver & company didn’t have the same appeal or success as the studio's previous classics.  then 1989 saw a return to glory with the release of the little mermaid, which began a ten-year run of successful movies referred to as the "disney renaissance".  while some disney films during that period performed better at the box office, the best film was "beauty and the beast," a story walt himself tried to produce since the 1930s.adapted from the french fairy tale la belle et la bête by jeanne-marie le prince de beaumont, the film opens with a prologue told through stained-glass windows of a young prince whose rude, selfish actions towards an old beggar woman result in his being turned into a beast (robby benson).  the only way to break the spell is to find love, but he only has until his 21st birthday or the spell becomes permanent.belle (paige o'hara) lives in a nearby village.  she is a pretty young woman who loves reading and has no interest in the wooing she receives from conceited hunter gaston (richard white), who is not pleased with her rejection.  after her father maurice ends up a prisoner at the beast's castle, belle asks to take his place so he can go home and the beast agrees, setting up the wonderful romantic tale that unfolds before us.while the story may be simple and straightforward, it is extremely well told.  there are scenes of both comedy and drama that are engaging and entertaining.  the characters are very interesting and are brought to life by talented voice actors.  the standouts are the beast's servants lumiere (jerry orbach), mrs. potts (angela lansbury) and cogsworth (david ogden stiers, who also is the narrator).lyricist howard ashman and composer alan menken crafted an impressive score and collection of songs that earned them oscars.  for those who can't help but join in, the "sing-along mode" option provides the lyrics on screen.beauty and the beast making a dazzling debut on blu-ray that will surely be talked about as one of the best of the year.  the 1080p/mpeg-4 avc encoded transfer looks exquisite.  the vibrant colors burst off the screen like a fireworks display in front of your eyes and blacks are rich and inky.  the line work shows good, sharp delineation.  the images are free from defect, both physical and digital.  not a complaint, but the high definition brings such clarity that there's a more noticeable difference between the hand-drawn animation and the computer animation in the ballroom sequence as the camera appears to move in 3-d space around belle and beast.the audio delivers a true 7.1 surround mix with every channel having something to offer.  dialogue nearly surrounds the viewer in its placement and it is always clear and understandable, even the loud, subwoofer-rumblings exclamations from beast.  sounds take up position in the soundfield and some times move through it.  the rears contribute to an immersive experience.like the previous platinum edition on dvd, the film can be viewed three ways.  the special extended edition was released in 2002 and included the song "human again."  the original theatrical release is self-explanatory.  the original storyboard version is the otr version paired with a picture-in-picture window that runs in the upper left corner.  it is comprised of finished scenes, pencil drawings, and storyboards.  i only see the most hardcore viewer watching it and it needed to be in a bigger window to better appreciate.a large assortment of bonus features covering two blu-rays is included with this collection.  there is an extremely informative and entertaining commentary track, only available on the see version, is delivered by producer don hahn and co-directors kirk wise and gary trousdale.under "backstage disney", "beyond beauty" is a massive feature running over two and half hours provides a thorough examination of its creation.  "composing a classic" presents hahn, composer menken, and disney historian richard kraft discussing disney and music.  "deleted scenes" offers two such scenes, an alternate opening and one with belle in beast's library.  both were rightly excised."classic bonus features" are features from previous releases of the film.  "the story behind the story" has celebrities comparing disney films with their source material.   a "beauty and the beast music video" with celine dion and peabo bryson.  "early presentation reel" finds hahn and menken talking about alternate music that didn't make the film."disney family play" contains two games, enchanted musical challenge and bonjour, who is this?; a "new beauty and the beast music video" starring american idol season six winner jordan sparks; and "broadway beginnings" as the story makes its way to the stage.there is also a dvd that includes the three versions of the film and a reduced number of bonus features.the beauty and the beast on blu-ray is a must-have for your collection due to its reference-quality a/v specs and the overwhelming extras.  it may well ruin you on lesser-quality discs.article first published as blu-ray review: beauty and the beast (1991) on blogcritics.labels: angela lansbury, animation, beauty and the beast, belle, blu-ray, cogsworth, david ogden stiers, don hahn, jerry orbach, lumiere, mrs. potts, walt disney



posted by el bicho @ 2:06 am
0 comments













twitter-pated

follow me on twitter



the masked movie snobs

the m.m.s. home page
the m.m.s. movie bullpen
the m.m.s. music bullpen
movie monster amanda
caballero oscuro's cave
general jabbo's fortress
el puerquito magnifico's pigpen
sombrero grande's movie mesa
the review according to mil
pedrastro del diablo's house of pan's cakes!!!
reviews from a fishbowl
el articulo definido
the m.m.s. store

mucho bicho

reviews at associated content
blogcritic of the month:03/06
articles at blogcritics
articles at comics2film


previous posts

pretty maids all in a row
hank williams – the complete mother's best recordi...
charade - the criterion collection (blu-ray)
the sexy book of sexy sex by kristen schaal and ri...
bored to death - the complete first season (blu-ray)
bill hicks – the essential collection
beauty and the beast (1991) (blu-ray)
prime suspect - the complete collection
richard iii (1995)
modern family - the complete first season (blu-ray)


los archivos del el bicho

#
3:10 to yuma(2007)
300
7th street
a
a nos amours
abfab:absolutely everything
about schmidt
the adventures of oswald the lucky rabbit
afv: the best of kids & animals
the agronomist
alice's restaurant
american dreamz
american gangster (hd dvd)
american jobs
american splendor
anna karenina(1935)
apocalypse now:the complete dossier
aqua teen hunger force:v5
the aristocrats
art school confidential
the aviator
b
baby it's you(1983)
bad timing
barefoot in the park
be my valentine, charlie brown
beowulf:dc (hd dvd)
the bette davis collection, vol.2
the big lebowski:ce
blindness
the blues brothers(25th ann.)
bob dylan world tours 1966-1974...
the bob newhart show: s1
bodysong
borat
bosom buddies:s2
breach
breakfast with hunter
brideshead revisited:25th ann
brokeback mountain:ce
brothers in arms(2004)
bubba ho-tep
burning man:beyond black rock
bush family fortunes
bush's brain
c
cabin fever
cagney & lacey 1
joseph campbell: mythos i
joseph campbell: mythos ii
a canterbury tale(1944)
casa de los babys
casino
casque d'or
cheaters, the best of, vol 1
cinderella man
city of god
clean, shaven
coal miner's daughter(25th ann.)
code 46
collateral
color me kubrick
commando:dc
constantine
the roger corman collection
crazed fruit
d
the da vinci code
daredevil
the day after tomorrow
death of a president
the delirious fictions of william klein
the departed: 2dse
deserted station
diabolique(1955)
dick cavett show:hollywood greats
dodgeball: a true underdog story
dr. katz professional therapist: the complete series
dragnet 1967: s1
tex avery's droopy
dust to glory
e
eastern promises (hd dvd)
best of the electric company
elizabethtown
elvis by the presleys
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
evan almighty(hd dvd)
exploring the da vinci code
extreme chickfighting
eyes without a face(1959)
f
f troop:s1
factotum
fahrenheit 9/11
jet li's fearless
felix the cat:1958-59
for the moment
al franken:god spoke
freakazoid!:s1
freaky friday(2003)
 the fugitive:s1,v2
g
the gatekeeper
get smart: the complete series
the ghost busters
the godfather-coppola restoration(blu)
gojira
good night and good luck
the good shepherd
goodbye, lenin!
the gospel of john
groovie goolies
h
hard boiled
harold and kumar go to white castle
harvey birdman:v3
high and low
a high wind in jamaica
hills have eyes 2
hitchcock: the masterpiece collection
hollywood homicide
a home at the end of the world
dr seuss' horton hears a who!:de (1970)
the hours
house of flying daggers
how arnold won the west
howard zinn-you can't be neutral on a moving train
the hudson bros.-razzle dazzle show
i
i, robot
identity
in cold blood(1967)
in the valley of elah
in this world
an inconvenient truth
ironside:s1
it's the great pumpkin, charlie brown:de
j
jackass: number two
japanese story
jarhead:ce
jaws(30th ann.)
the jerk(26th ann.)
jigoku
joyeux noel
the jungle book:40th ann ed
justice league:new frontier
k
kenneth keith kallenbach - american icon
kill bill volume 1
kill bill volume 2
king kong(2005)
king kong(2005):se dvd
king kong(2005):dee dvd
kingdom of heaven
kinsey
the kite runner
knocked up
kung fu hustle
l
l.a. confidential(2d:se)
the l word:s2
la cage aux folles
la petite lili
larry king live:the greatest interviews
layer cake
the life aquatic with steve zissou
london 1966/1967
looking for comedy...
lost in translation
the lost skeleton of cadavra
love actually
love is a many-splendored thing
m
m(1931)
margot at the wedding
master and commander
match point
matchstick men
the merchant of venice(2004)
metallica: some kind of monster
million dollar baby
mission impossible:s3
monsieur n.
moonlighting:s3
moral orel:v1
the mr. magoo show
muppet show:s3
murderball
murder, she wrote:s2
mxc:s1
mxc:s2
mystic river
n
northern exposure: s3
northfork
o
ocean's twelve
one bright shining moment
open water
outfoxed
p
paranoid park
the party's over
the passion of the christ
payback:director's cut
peanuts deluxe holiday collection
peter pan (2003)
pirates of tortuga
pixar short films,v1
popeye & friends
popeye the sailor:v1
popeye the sailor:v2
a prairie home companion
pretty woman (1990)
pride and glory
prime suspect 7: the final act
the producers(2005)
pure
pure heat
q
quincy, m.e.: s1 & 2
r
ran
ray
the reckoning
repo man-ce
returner
the rockford files:s2
best of rocky and bullwinkle:v2
s
the saddest music in the world
saving face
a scanner darkly
scarface(1983):pe
sctv, vol. 4
senso
shaun of the dead
shine a light
the shop around the corner
shot at love w/tila tequila:s1
shut up & sing
sicko
sideways
sigmund and the sea monsters: s1
silent waters
sin city
sinatra:early years
sliders: s3
smokin' aces
snow angels
something's gotta give
south park:s11
southland tales
spellbound(2002)
spider-man 2
spring, summer, fall, winter and spring
st:tos - s1
stardust(2007) (hd dvd)
steamboy
steve irwin the crocodile hunter - ocean's deadliest
super size me
sweeney todd(2007)
the sword of doom
t
taxi(2004)
tell them who you are
there will be blood
the tick vs s2
tom and jerry spotlight collection, vol. 3
the tomorrow show:tom snyder's electric kool-aid talk show
touching the void
traffic(2000)
troy
trumbo
twilight samurai
twin peaks:dgbe
u
ugetsu
ugly betty:s1
ultimate avengers 2
ultraman:s1v1
undertow(2004)
unfaithfully yours(1948)
unknown white male
untold scandal
the u.s. vs. john lennon
v
the venture bros.:s1
the venture bros.:s2
versus(2000)
the village
voyage to the bottom of the sea:s3,v1
w
waitress
walk the line
wedding daze
what the #$*! do we know!?
when will i be loved
why we fight
the wild parrots of telegraph hill
winged migration
the wire:s4
the woody woodpecker collection
world poker tour: best of s3
x
x-men 2: x-men united
y
young adam
you're not elected, charlie brown:de
z
zhou yu's train
zodiac (hd dvd)

the buzz

22nd sbiff
comic con 2007 - day one
comic con 2007 - day two
the doors 40th anniversary
empire's worst best picture
fear and loathing at the kodak theatre
top 5 former oc movie theaters
janet, miss jackson if she's nasty
mpaa threatens retaliation over one-peso tax

the masked music snob

artists: a to c
ac/dc-no bull
cannonball adderley w/milt jackson-things are getting better
alo-fly between falls
asia-fantasia: live in tokyo
gene autry-the essential
syd barrett under review
tony bennett-sings the rodgers & hart songbook
the black crowes-the lost crowes
the black crowes-warpaint
art blakey & the jazz messengers-caravan
blind faith-london hyde park 1969
the blue van-the art of rolling
bluerunners-honey slides
the bravery-the bravery
james brown-i got the feelin':james brown in the '60s
jackson browne-running on empty
buffalo killers
solomon burke-make do with what you got
kate campbell-blues and lamentations
johnny cash-american v: a hundred highways
ray charles-genius loves company
eric clapton-live at montreux 1986
the clash-live:revolution rock
john coltrane-fearless leader
cowboy junkies-long journey home
cowboy junkies-at the end of paths taken
ccr-bayou country (40th ann ed)
ccr-creedence clearwater revival (40th ann ed)
ccr-green river (40th ann ed)
crosby, stills & nash-greatest hits
the cure-three imaginary boys-expanded
the cure-seventeen seconds-expanded
the cure-kiss me kiss me kiss me-expanded
artists: d to h
danzig-circle of snakes
the dark knight-omps
the miles davis quintet-the legendary prestige quintet sessions
joey defrancesco w/jimmy smith-legacy
depeche mode-music for the masses
neil diamond-the thank you australia concert:live 1976 
does it offend you, yeah?-you have no idea what you’re getting yourself into
the doors-morrison hotel-expanded
the doors-strange days-expanded
bob dylan-no direction home
bob dylan-tell tale signs
the eagles-farewell i tour
easy star all-stars-dub side of the moon
the eels-meet the eels
entrance-wandering stranger
entrance-prayer of death
nina simone-live in '64-'75
bill evans trio-explorations
perry farrell's satellite party-ultra payloaded
the flaming lips-late night tales
flatt & scruggs-foggy mountain jamboree
best of the flatt & scruggs tv show, vol. 3 & 4
foo fighters-in your honor
peter gabriel-play: the videos
stan getz/cal tjader sextet
gomez-split the difference
gomez-how we operate
the great american baseball box
vince guaraldi trio-a boy named charlie brown
dan hicks & the hot licks-selected shorts
the hives-the black and white album
john lee hooker-hooker
artists: i to m
iron maiden-live after death dvd
jack irons-attention dimension
milt jackson-the best of
milt jackson/wes montgomery-bags meets wes!
b.b. king-one kind favor
kings of leon-aha shake heartbreak
kings of leon-only by the night
victor krummenacher-the cock crows at sunrise
jerry lee lewis-orby records spotlights
the alan lomax collection-italian treasury
henry mancini-ultimate mancini
branford marsalis quartet-braggtown
branford marsalis quartet-eternal
branford marsalis quartet-a love supreme live
dean martin-dino! italian love songs
jimbo mathus-knockdown south
katie melua-call off the search
charlie mingus-tijuana moods
modern jazz quartet-django
thelonious monk-monk's music
thelonious monk with john coltrane-the complete 1957 riverside recordings
wes montgomery-the best of
mudcrutch
gerry mulligan/thelonius monk-mulligan meets monk
the music-welcome to the north
artists: n to s
willie nelson-one hell of a ride
willie nelson & wynton marsalis-two men with the blues
nirvana-sliver
one day as a lion
joan osborne-breakfast in bed
joan osborne-little wild one
the partridge family-come on get happy!
particle-launchpad
madeleine peyroux-careless love
madeleine peyroux-half the perfect world
phish-new year's eve 1995
primus-they can't all be zingers
the raconteurs-consolers of the lonely
raging bull-omps
robert randolph & the family band-colorblind
the raveonettes-pretty in black
leon redbone-live:10/26/92
sonny rollins-the sound of sonny
angel romero, virtuoso
rose hill drive-moon is the new earth
mem shannon-i'm from phunkville
michelle shocked-threesome
michelle shocked-toheavenuride
the silos-when the telephone rings
nina simone-live in '65 & '68
frank sinatra w/the tommy dorsey orchestra-the essential
son volt-the search
stray cats-rumble in brixton
system of a down-mezmerize
artists: t to z
tangerine dream-live in america/1992
the thrills-let's bottle bohemia
tiesto-in concert 2
travis-singles
tony trischka-double banjo bluegrass spectacular
ike & tina turner-live in '71
two cow garage-the wall against our back
the traveling wilburys collection
u2-how to dismantle an atomic bomb
u2 3d
umphrey's mcgee-anchor drops
umphrey's mcgee-safety in numbers
uncle earl-waterloo, tennessee
various artists-billy strayhorn:lush life
various artists-hollywood's greatest hits
various artists-jazz after dark ii
various artists-jumpin' & jivin':v1
various artists-juno soundtrack
various artists-live aid
various artists-putumayo spolight: new orleans
various artists-ricky jay plays poker
various artists-sing a song with six strings
various artists-sounds eclectic 3
various artists-stax 50th anniversary
various artists-summer of love:the hits of 1967
stevie ray vaughn & friends-solos, sessions & encores
the velvet underground-velvet redux live mcmxciii
patricia vonne-guitars and castanets
fats waller-if you got to ask, you ain't got it!
roger waters-ca ira
katharine whalen-dirty little secret
the who-live at the isle of wight 1970
widespread panic-earth to america
legends of country music: bob wills and his texas playboys
frank yankovic-the best of
yes-live at montreux 2003
ymsb-mountain tracks:vol 3
neil young-live at the fillmore east, mar. 6&7, 1970
zz top-live from texas
concerts
coachella 4/27/07
chris cornell 5/2/07
danzig-03/15/05
the fenians-03/17/06
gomez-01/17/05
jet-10/04/06
ted leo + pharmacists-02/18/05
branford marsalis quartet-01/27/07, late show
ministry-4/05/08
moe.-01/19/08
peter murphy-05/28/05
 the nightwatchman & friends-4/15/08
the carl palmer band-06/23/06
particle-10/02/04
particle-02/24/06
the polyphonic spree-09/10/06
rooney/the redwalls/everybody else-04/16/05
string cheese incident-10/29/06
umphrey's mcgee-10/21/04
umphrey's mcgee-05/05/05
eddie vedder-4/12/08
vegoose 10/27/07
vegoose 10/28/07
brad wilson-09/10/05
the masked book snob

the black lizard big book of pulps
the complete persepolis
dancing in the streets
funny business
imperial life in the emerald city
i killed
i shouldn't even be doing this!
laurel canyon
lemony snicket's a series of unfortunate events: books 1-3
mask market
mcsweeney's joke book of book jokes
mirrormask: the illustrated film script
near death in the mountains
near death on the high seas
the o. henry prize stories 2008
the pinbotz guide to the greatest pinball machines of the '80s and the '90s
real moments:bob dylan
voices of a people's history of the united states
the masked art snob

glow 08
the masked comedy snob

monty python three albums
harry shearer-dropping anchors
steven wright-i still have a pony

the masked comic book snob

doctor who classics #1 & #2
stff #1 
sty4:ee #1 
the masked food snob

absinthe lollipop
matusalem gran reserva rum

the masked game snob

scene it? harry potter 2nd ed
scene it? movies 2nd ed

the masked interviewer

jennifer dysart
jan harlan

links & affliations

canhead records
london in broken c
the midnight cafe






 




