




















downtown wabash, inc.































 

























home
downtown

businesses
cultural district
events
downtown wabash farmers market
holidays in downtown wabash
jobs
living & properties
live in wabash county
downtown parking


involvement

become an investor
donate


about

about us
downtown buzz
newsletters
press
the districts


store


















since 1981
welcome to downtown wabash
find big city amenities & attractions in our charming micropolitan city like boutique shopping, delicious food & drink, live concerts & movies, interactive art & fitness and so much more.






















make plans to visit downtown wabash for these sensational events.






upcoming events


see full calendar








february 15 @ 8:00 pm







an evening with beatrix
skip the usual valentine’s day routine and enjoy an evening with beatrix, featuring the rising star’s raw emotion, darkly poetic […]

view details




february 19 @ 10:00 am







a year with frog & toad
a honeywell arts in education student matinee based on the beloved children’s books and featuring a jazzy, upbeat score, a […]

view details




february 20 @ 7:00 pm







the barricade boys
the barricade boys are taking the world by storm with their electrifying show that will have you belting out your […]

view details




february 22 @ 7:00 pm







an evening with steven curtis chapman
in a career that has spanned more than three decades, steven curtis chapman is the most-awarded artist in christian music […]

view details




february 25 @ 7:00 pm







history of the iconic st. elmo steak house
how is a famous indiana steak house known for shrimp cocktail? chris ratay, honeywell vice president of hospitality and former […]

view details




february 28 @ 7:30 pm







son of a gun: tribute to guns n’ roses
son of a gun, the guns n’ roses tribute band, has performed across the united states for over five years. […]

view details









“i value the sense of community and passion for the downtown district when i visit downtown wabash events. there’s nothing like coming downtown and seeing the whole district filled with people who are enjoying themselves.”
carly hawkins, downtown wabash, inc. 





the downtown buzz


read more stories






november 7, 2024







20 things to do this holiday season in downtown wabash, indiana
the ultimate guide to completing your holiday bucket list. 

read story




october 8, 2024







empowering women: downtown wabash, inc. celebrates national women’s small business month
we celebrate national women’s small business month and recognize the incredible achievements of women entrepreneurs of downtown wabash.

read story












view the downtown wabash map
find your new favorite things in downtown wabash!
download map






want to become involved in downtown? become a downtown wabash farmers market vendor, first friday participant or volunteer! 



experience the cultural district
designated by the indiana arts commission in 2021, the wabash cultural district includes businesses and things to do in downtown wabash.





read the downtown 2030: 8-year strategic plan
by 2030, downtown wabash will be vibrant every day and night, as the go-to place for arts, shopping, dining, entertaining and living because of the role it will continue to play in shaping the city’s culture, identity and quality of place.





browse downtown businesses
we have more than 100 small businesses in downtown wabash! explore them now.









become a supporter of downtown wabash, inc. 
love what’s happening in downtown wabash? so do we! become a supporter to help us achieve our mission.
let's do this






get updates on fun stuff you probably want to know about in your inbox.
subscribe






189 s. miami st., wabash, in 46992
info@downtownwabash.org
260.563.0975















downtown wabash, inc. is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization.


donate
downtown business portal
board portal







© 2025 downtown wabash, inc. • developed by bellaire studio, llc
















