








do & co – kulinarische genüsse auf jedem bankett und in der luft





























































new – do & co home onlineshop
home
restaurants | hotels
event catering
airline
 




de


en


tr







sustainability
investor relations
careers
de
en
tr
 







new – do & co home onlineshop
home
restaurants | hotels
event catering
airline
 


sustainability
investor relations
careers
de
en
tr
 














    mit dem laden des videos akzeptieren sie die datenschutzerklärung von youtube.mehr erfahren video laden  youtube immer entsperren   





welcome to the world of do & co
culinary delights on every banquet floor & in the sky

as a listed austrian company with the three business segments of airline catering, international event catering, and restaurants, lounges & hotel, we offer gourmet entertainment all over the world. we operate 32 locations in 12 countries on 3 continents, maintaining the highest standard of quality in both our products and services. we refine the classics, develop the unknown and grow constantly – sometimes beyond our own expectations. the most important ingredient in our premium recipe is our staff, each and every one of whom has a strong personality and a passion for hospitality.















restaurants, lounges & hotel
the restaurants, lounges & hotel division is the heart of the do & co group and serves as the group’s marketing instrument and standard bearer. this division is made up of the units restaurants, demel café, lounges, hotel, employee restaurants, retail and airport dining.


  












international event catering
pole position for good taste: from sports events like the formula 1 series, atp tennis masters in madrid, or the hahnenkammraces in kitzbühel, to private and business events – there is no day on which we do not think of festivities… and about making sure our guests are happy.


  












airline catering
by expanding its positioning as “the” premium airline catering provider and with an unmistakable innovative and competitive product portfolio, the airline catering division still generates the lion’s share of revenue and sets new standards in the premium airline catering segment.


  



our brands






do & co is committed to
international gourmet
entertainment.






this means that our customers at the restaurant, at events, or on a plane are always served a high-quality product that is highly recognizable as the do & co brand. these premium products are handmade from the best ingredients and are always freshly prepared. we make no compromises in our pledge to provide quality and to persistently improve our services. this is the cornerstone of our corporate success.





the expansion of the brand portfolio in recent years has helped us tap into new areas of business and appeal to a wider clientele. two things that all the brands have in common is a high standard of service and high-quality products. this is what has made the positive growth of the do & co brand possible.


 





















do & co
do & co is the group’s premium brand. it represents
the best flavours from the international spectrum
and offers a culinary journey around the world. as
a premium brand it is associated with emotions,
culture and enjoyment, providing high-class gourmet
entertainment, flawless service and an unrivalled allround service package.





demel
the demel brand stands for artisan cakes and
confectionary made to perfection. centuries-old
traditions are carefully preserved whilst embodying
a modern touch. demel specialises in high-quality
handcraft and the finest confectionary. as an exclusive
patisserie brand, it is the ideal accompaniment to
the premium do & co brand. the brand has already
undergone a successful expansion overseas and we
plan to press ahead with this in the future.





hédiard
hédiard, a french chain of luxury food stores, is the
latest brand to join the group portfolio. hédiard was
founded in 1854 and is a leading name in the luxury
delicatessen and traiteur segment. its main shop is
located at place de la madeleine in paris.





henry the art of living
henry offers a broad range of to-go products – from
salads, fruit and sandwiches to desserts. henry meets
our customer’s needs and expectations thanks to a
high proportion of organic foods, which are displayed
in recyclable and innovative packaging.





aioli
casual and mediterranean – the aioli brand embodies
southern-european flair and mediterranean cuisine.
its young, dynamic image and flexible pricing enables
the brand to attract a broad audience.



  









the secret of our success
all our staff members are passionate hosts. they ensure that you feel comfortable – no matter when and where in the world. our main task is being there for our customers and guests. the do & co team is renowned for its high level of flexibility, personal service, and great sensibility when it comes to product quality. exceptional commitment and love for detail are what make the do & co brand unique and unmistakable. every employee follows the company’s service-oriented principles, enabling us to stand out from the crowd in this market. our biggest assets are our corporate culture and our invaluable staff, who make our brand so special and unique.


your career at do & co 



around the world with do & co
in the 32 do & co gourmet kitchens in 12 countries  on 3 continents, we keep our promise of only the freshest products and highest quality. whether for private events, large sport spectacles or on board of our partner airlines – our high standards for quality and attention to detail remain unchanged.





32 gourmet kitchen
12 countries
3 continents














contact
do & co aktiengesellschaft
stephansplatz 12
at-1010 vienna
worldwide contacts





do & co group 
restaurants, lounges, gourmet shops & boutique hotels
international event catering
premium airline catering





brands
do & co ( hotel / restaurant )
do & co albertina
demel – since 1768
hédiard – since 1854
henry – gourmet shops
do & co à la carte





 about
jobs & career
 investor relations
press
imprint
privacy policy
whistleblowing
permanent event locations











© 2022 do & co aktiengesellschaft
imprint | privacy policy




cookie-settings



 


























