 






home of the pawtucket & providence figure skating club - pawtucket & providence figure skating club






















 







 

 
                        pawtucket & providence figure skating club
            






 

 




home




  about us

  





back




locations






board of governors






contact us












membership




  applications

  





back




ice applications












learn to skate




  events

  





back




competition

 






back




2024 open


















theater




  coaching

  





back




ppfsc coaching staff






coach requirements






guest coaching












 
 
 








 





2025 providence open


 part of the national solo dance series 















april 3-6, 2025 - providence college - schneider arena 

                                                event information
                                            


















 











winter '25 session lts online registration

upcoming events

membership renewals / new memberships 
2024-25 ppfsc full membership application
2024-25 ppfsc associate member application
winter learn to skate information and registration now available!
 2024-25 fall-winter ice application
nbicc test application
 
 











                welcome to the pawtucket & providence figure skating club            

the pawtucket and providence figure skating club was founded in 1938 and is one of the oldest clubs in the country. ppfsc is a member of u.s figure skating. as stated in its bylaws, the purpose of the club then and now is “to encourage the instruction, practice and advancement of all types of figure skating, as well as to cultivate camaraderie among skaters.”
ppfsc holds ice sessions throughout the year at various locations. for beginners, ppfsc offers instruction through its learn to skate usa program. this program teaches the basics of skating and is appropriate as a starting point for those who want to continue with figure skating or hockey. for more advanced skaters, the club provides ice sessions for the purpose of accommodating private and semi-private lessons. in addition, the club sponsors various exhibitions and competitions throughout the year.









learn to skate!

get all the info here

join our email list!


sign up now










 

            ©
        2025
    pawtucket & providence figure skating club
            


 

  




 
    design by smudged graphics














