




home - stringletter media




newsstringletter media serves musicians and music lovers with engaging, informative stories and how-to content in print and digital formats.  our market-leading media brands are acoustic guitar, classical guitar, strings, and ukulele, serving amateur, professional, and student musicians with information, instruction, and inspiration.  founded in 1986, stringletter is a next-generation family business located in san anselmo, california, employing a talented, collaborative team working in a casual and professional environment with a focus on customer satisfaction.acoustic guitaracoustic guitar serves the practical needs of all acoustic guitar players, young and old, beginning and experienced, with musical instruction, information, inspiration, advice, and a voice in the acoustic guitar community.we publish new issues of the magazine six times per year, new episodes of the podcast each month, and our website is updated daily.acousticguitar.comstringsfor teachers and students, amateurs and professionals, strings connects you to a global community of string-players. published since 1986, our editors and expert contributors cover the personalities, music, news, events, instruments, and gear that matter.we publish new issues of the magazine six times per year and our email newsletter is delivered weekly.stringsmagazine.comukulelejoyful. quirky. irresistibly cheeky. the words used to describe the ukulele often apply to those who play the instrument, as well. ukulele magazine celebrates your enthusiasm and inclusiveness. published since 2013, every issue features tips and techniques, songs to play, insights into the history of the ukulele, plus interviews, reviews, events, and so much more.our magazine is published quarterly and our email newsletter is delivered weekly.ukulelemagazine.comadvertising inquiriesto access our rate cards and reservation deadlines, please fill out this form.note that your sales rep will prepare a custom proposal for you, reflecting all available discounts and incentives. no matter your budget, we will work to get you great exposure to our audiences across our print, online, email, and social marketing channels.submitadvertising information downloadsspecificationsstringletter print specsstringletter digital specsstringletter sponsored edition specscontact usfor advertising inquiries and information, please email sales@stringletter.com.for customer service inquiries, please visit the faqs for acoustic guitar, strings, or ukulele.if you are a retailer, learn about wholesale distribution and our affiliate program here.we use cookies to improve your experience and to help us understand how you use our site. please refer to our cookie notice and privacy statement for more information regarding cookies and other third-party tracking that may be enabled.acceptquick linksacousticguitar.comclassicalguitarmagazine.comstringsmagazine.comukulelemagazine.comprivacy policynews© 2022 string letter publishing, inc.


