






































fsu panama city





































skip to main
            content










fsu | fsu panama city



webmail
search fsu

navigation
















this site
fsu sites

faculty & staff directory
departments & services


























about us


admissions


financial aid


academics


faculty & staff


student life


alumni & giving


veteran services











academics
admissions
research
faculty
students
veterans
support fsu













fsu panama city











toggle navigation











about us


admissions


financial aid


academics


faculty & staff


student life


alumni & giving


veteran services






















 






 
 

request information

undergraduate
graduate




find your program

undergraduate
graduate




start my application

first-year
transfer
graduate
readmission
transient
non-degree



visit campus 






fsu panama city, a preeminent university by the bay, offers a unique student-centered education with smaller class sizes, affordable education and the foundation to inspire academic excellence, foster leadership, and achieve career goals.


















the fsu pc promise













you will always belong at fsu     
this partnership is more than a commitment for just a few years.  you will leave with greater critical thinking skills, a love for learning and an understanding of the importance of being an engaged member of your community.  together, we will make sure that fsu continues to meet the needs of students just like you.











we promise to remove financial barriers     
by ensuring cost does not get in the way of getting your degree. we want to make sure that any northwest florida student has the opportunity to pursue a college education at one of the nation’s top public universities. explore the fsu pc promise scholarship.











we promise to be your partner     
as you pursue your academic goals at a university ranked in the top 20 of national universities. experience small classes, individual attention and mentorship to help you develop your greatest potential for academic, career and professional growth.











we promise you will be prepared    
as you move into the workforce or onto graduate school. the high academic standards, our commitment to help you succeed, and your opportunity to participate in experiential learning, research, and community service will help you succeed.











we promise you can set your path     
as you engage in group and individual projects and participate in hands-on learning directly tied to your academic career.  you can count on us working with you to meet your individual goals.

















you're unique. your education should be too.
innovative programs, small classes, real world experiences, respected professors, personal attention and a one-of-a-kind academic opportunity that suits your learning style and career focus. discover a campus as unique as you only 4 miles from the beach!








 

fsu is waiving the gre for all master's programs. learn more about our featured organizational management & communication program.




upcoming events at fsu panama city

campus events
 


admissions events
 
 


additional upcoming events







   h.g. “pete” taylor partnership of excellence award™
on behalf of ltg taylor, congratulations to this year’s winners who reflect the best of our military communities and serve as an example for others to emulate,” said mcec president and ceo, dr. becky porter.
bay area education alliance - florida

partners: naval support activity panama city, tyndall air force base, bay district schools, florida state university at panama city, gulf coast state college, collegiate high school at florida state university

read more  












additional resources

current students

academic calendar
academic honor policy
college of applied studies
first year convocation
library
myfsu portal
student research
undergraduate academic advising

 


future students

admission requirements
application assistance
certificate programs
distance learning
military students
minors
welcome guide

 


initiatives

community outreach
esports
fsu pc news
stem
the collegiate school

 












 







fsu panama city





legacy sort
8


legacy priority
0












 




florida state university panama city
 facebook   instagram  twitter   youtube   pinterest


4750 collegiate drive panama city, florida 32405
fsu panama city directory assistance: (850) 872-4750 | toll free: (866) 693-7872 | fsu panama city human resources
site manager

























© florida state university
                    tallahassee, fl 32306


fsu directory assistance
questions or comments



privacy policy
copyright




like florida state on facebook

follow florida state on instagram

follow florida state on x

follow florida state on youtube

connect with florida state on linkedin

more fsu social media



 cookie preferences


















