



 


 



law redd cpas & advisors: accounting services tallahassee






























































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility




skip to content






law redd cpas & advisors
cpa firm – tallahassee, florida

home aboutprofessionals  services
audit & attest services 
tax services 
quickbooks services 
consulting services  careers resources contact 
make a payment



 
home aboutprofessionals  services
audit & attest services 
tax services 
quickbooks services 
consulting services  careers resources contact 


learn more »the difference maker.calculating your successlearn more »innovative.creating unique solutions « learn moretrust.reaching financial peakslearn more »precision.achieving targeted results« learn moresolutions.innovative business consulting





audit & attest serviceswe offer more than just financial statements, audits, reviews or attestations. we carefully assess the specific needs and circumstances of each individual organization before the engagement begins.
tax serviceslaw redd offers a broad range of tax services.  we are involved in every facet of taxation, including all aspects of individual, corporate, partnership, limited liability companies and estate and gift tax planning and return preparation.
quickbooks servicesquickbooks accounting software is ideal for small business owners because it can track the essential data you need to manage your finances.  as quickbooks certified proadvisors® we’re highly trained on the routine and more complex features of quickbooks.
consulting servicesconsulting services are a natural extension of the traditional accounting, auditing and tax services provided by our firm.



our philosophy
law redd’s goal is to provide high quality professional services at a reasonable cost.
we accomplish this goal by adhering to key core values which are fundamental to our firm’s philosophy. these values include:


ethicsthe principles and code of conduct, which each member of the firm brings to the engagement, are of the highest caliber.responsivenessservices which present effective solutions to specifically identified client needs.excellenceattention to quality and adherence to professional standards throughout all phases of the engagement.teamworkthe energy and talents of each member of the engagement team are focused and coordinated to meet the engagement goals.innovation & creativitycreative and innovative approaches and solutions are emphasized throughout each engagement.communicationinformation and ideas are effectively exchanged through both formal and informal channels.timelinessappropriate attention is provided throughout the engagement to ensure goals are met in a timely manner.golden rulemaintaining a “golden rule” attitude in everything we do.












hire uswe provide high quality professional accounting and tax services at a reasonable cost.join usbe empowered and encouraged to develop the career path that suits your unique skills.














our office 
 address:
2075 centre pointe blvd #200 tallahassee, fl 32308
phone:  (850) 878-6189 
staff directory:  view contacts

our locationcontact us















name*


first



last

phone*email*

how may we help you?*phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 













 








					 ©  2025 law redd cpas & advisors all rights reserved. | site by: digital opps


secure portal – sharefile 








go to top


 



















































