





hampstead academy






























accepting applications for the 2025 – 2026 academic yearschedule tour today    accepting applications for the 2025 – 2026 academic yearschedule tour today    
 























who we areacademicsearly childhood programslower schoolupper schooladmissionsformswhat’s happeningnewsletternews & eventsblogfaqcontact us




homeacademicsadmissionsfaqcontact us




 



pre-k to 8 private schoola personalized, experiential 
and impactful 
education experiencehampstead academy prepares learners to be creative, critical thinkers excited to solve the world’s social, economic, health and environmental issues following the five pillars of impact learning: culture and identity, civis and social justice, stewardship and global issues, innovation and entrepreneurship, and apprenticeship and internships. learn moreour misson & visionconnect  ·  inquire  ·  empower
prepared for the futurehampstead academy is an ideal fit for students and families seeking:
a personalized education experience that meets students “where they are” and addresses individual learning, social and emotional needs.
active classrooms where students learn by doing rather than through lecture. we believe strongly that experience is the greatest teacher and offer numerous opportunities for experiential, project and inquiry-based learning all rooted in the pillars of impact.
an inclusive and accepting environment that celebrates and supports a student’s uniqueness and fosters a sense of teamwork, support and friendship.
interested? schedule a tour today to see the hampstead academy difference for yourself.schedule appointmenthear why other families are choosing 
hampstead academy“we love the progressive environment of the school. fostering personal character and global/community awareness as well as gaining important skills and education that can be utilized and applied in the future.”“accepting differences in learning styles, small class size allows teachers to get to know the children and customize educational needs and promotes a low pressure environment where kids actually enjoy going to school and learning.”“incredibly caring and a wonderful nurturing environment. our child is excited to go to school daily and we feel that his teacher is giving each student the individual attention that they need.”“total freedom for staff to give the kids the best way for them each to learn.”“the small classes and the fact that every single staff member gets to know each child personally.”“the variety of interactions she has with students of all grade levels and teachers with unique perspectives.”“motivating my student to learn, making school interesting and engaging so he wants to
be there and has kind and compassionate educators.”“personal attention for each student, making learning fun and allowing the children to
learn in a calm, unpressurized environment.”connectconnect as a community through project work to inspire and ignite our individual talents.inquireinquire from our individual passion and curiosity to learn from the world around us.empowerempower students to make a positive impact on our community and our world.faculty and staffour team of passionate, certified educators and support staff are committed to providing a supportive and engaging learning environment for our students.faculty and staffour team of passionate, certified educators and support staff are committed to providing a supportive and engaging learning environment for our students.rebecca cummings head of school"rebecca is not only a creative and inspired educator, but a born leader for both the students and the faculty." learn morerebecca cummings is the head of school at hampstead academy.with nearly two decades of educational experience, rebecca has made significant contributions to the field.she holds a b.a. in english and child study from tufts university and an m.ed. from rivier college. 
rebecca played a key role in a three-year grant project that infused inquiry-based learning into science education throughout new hampshire. her dedication to fostering curiosity and celebrating students' ideas earned her the presidential awards for excellence in mathematics and science teaching in 2014. rebecca was also a finalist for the christa mcauliffe sabbatical award from the new hampshire charitable foundation.
her passion for science and technology inspires her students to make interdisciplinary connections and engage in "minds-on" learning, where their ideas evolve from simple questions into profound understandings. rebecca continues to integrate cutting-edge technology into education, ensuring that her students are prepared for the future.bridgette beaulieulower school teacher"bridgette forms wonderful, trusting relationships with her students and their families. she is incredibly empathetic and trustworthy."learn morebridgette is a dedicated educator with 30 years of experience teaching in both the united states and the united kingdom. she holds a master of urban education from kings college, london, and a bachelor of early childhood and elementary education from stonehill college, massachusetts, where she graduated cum laude. she is certified to teach prek-6th grade. bridgette brings a wealth of experience from her years of teaching in different schools where she collaborated with team members to create thematic units of study and implemented innovative teaching methods, developed individual educational plans, and managed extracurricular activities like after-school clubs and theatrical productions. bridgette is passionate about fostering a love of learning in her students, using creative and differentiated instruction tailored to each child’s unique needs. her teaching philosophy emphasizes engaging students with the world around them, preparing them not only academically but also as compassionate and conscientious global citizens.annie adamskylower school teacher"annie cares about her students deeply and always wants only the best for them. "learn moreannie is a dedicated and experienced educator with over two decades of expertise in teaching. she holds an elementary grade 1-6 professional massachusetts license and is trained in the orton gillingham method. annie also holds a master of education in elementary education from lesley university and dual bachelor’s degrees in fine arts and art history from tufts university and the school of the museum of fine arts, boston. annie’s teaching career spans multiple roles, including her current position at hampstead academy, where she designs and implements the impact model focusing on un sustainable goals and student inquiry. annie is passionate about literacy, differentiated instruction, and creating a nurturing educational space. she loves animals and enjoys reading, celebrating a diverse and enriching life both inside and outside the classroom.dr. stuart robertsonupper school teacher"stuart cares deeply about making education interesting and accessible for all of his students. learn morestuart has been teaching for over 25 years. he has worked with kindergarteners through post-doctoral students. his teaching experiences with all different aged students have significantly helped him lead multi-age classrooms and be a great coach to individuals. in 1994 he received the presidential award for excellence in science and mathematics teaching and was new hampshire’s elementary mathematics teacher of the year. in 2007, stuart received a doctorate of education in leadership and learning from the university of massachusetts at lowell. although he has presented at conferences across the united states and canada, he is most at home in the classroom working with students, instilling a life-long love of learning in them. start enjoys spending time with his wife and son, creating handmade greeting cards, and working on his family genealogy.trinere mccabeece teacher"trinere always has a smiling face, which makes you feel at ease, and she is so easy to talk to."learn moretrinere began her teaching career working with young children since she was a high school student.  after several years of working with students with physical and developmental disabilities, trinere moved into a position where she dove into the world of social emotional learning and behavior management. this area became her passion and where she thrived. after more than 14 years working in special education, moving to new hampshire from home town in massachusetts, and the birth of her second child, trinere decided to pivot her career into early childhood education and she found hampstead academy, where she could use her prior experience in a new setting, adapting curriculum and adopting the reggio emilia pedagogy.rachael cunninghaminstructional assistant"rachael's fun and bubbly personality makes her someone the students will really gravitate to."learn morerachael is an enthusiastic instructional assistant with a passion for education and a heart for helping children thrive. starting her career as a special education assistant in 2022, she quickly discovered her love for working with students of all abilities, finding joy in helping them overcome challenges and celebrate their successes. known for her kindness, warmth, and compassion, rachael creates an inclusive and engaging learning environment where every child feels valued and supported. her dedication to fostering positive relationships and empowering young learners drives her to make a meaningful impact in their educational journeys.owen smithinstructional assistant"owen's easy-going approach to helping students and teachers makes him a fabulous partner both inside the classroom and out on the playground."learn moreowen has been working with children since his first year of college as a rock climbing instructor and camp counselor.  he has taught children between the ages of three and sixteen and he believes this wide- ranging experience will translate well to hampstead academy’s multi-age classrooms. owen has a passion for creating spaces where children can be adventurous, curious, and have fun, while learning and staying safe. owen recently graduated with a b.a. in history from colorado college, and plan on continuing his education with the goal of becoming a history teacher. while rock climbing has been a lifelong passion for owen, he also enjoy reading science and historical fiction, hiking, and playing board games.audrey stieradmin/admission"audrey brings the sunshine inside!  if you are not in a good mood when you arrive, you will be after her greeting."learn moreaudrey has been living in the hampstead community for over 18 years. she is the first face families greet when they walk into the main school building. she has a passion for travel and enjoy the summer months at her cottage on pine river pond boating and spending time with family and friends. audrey’s career has involved a mix of customer service, administration and recruiting/hr. with her abundant experience, audrey plays an important role in hampstead academy assisting the head of school with admission, administration and marketing work. jay orzechowskifacility manager"jay is always one step ahead of you.  when you think of asking for his assistance, he’s already taken care of it."learn moremr. o” is an on-campus staff member of hampstead academy. his goal is to provide a safe learning and working environment for students and teachers. as a facility manager, “mr. o” is also greatly involved in school curriculum by leading hands-on projects and mentoring students on specific life skills. he believes that great education should come with internships and apprenticeship to prepare students for solving real life problems. julie faroart specialist"julie is a visionary who always knows how to inspire our students to connect what they are learning with all different creative applications."learn morejulie is an experienced educator and artist who began her career as the graphic design coordinator for a financial institution. transitioning into education, she worked as a special education tutor and child-care counselor, supporting children's emotional and behavioral health. julie holds a ba in fine art and digital media from merrimack college and is a licensed visual art teacher for grades 5-12 in massachusetts, having completed her teacher licensing program through fitchburg state college.
in 2012, she founded julie's art school, where she teaches visual art to children and adults across various media. julie’s teaching approach emphasizes creativity, self-expression, and the joy of artistic exploration.
outside the studio, julie enjoys spending time with her children, exploring different beaches and lakes, and embracing outdoor adventures.marisa farrellmusic specialist"matty’s unbounded joy for music and its power to change lives is easily shared with the students and they shine."learn morematty comes to hampstead academy as a passionate lover of music. she received her bachelor agree from bradford college in creative arts with a music performance concentration and a minor in performing arts management. she received her master's of arts degree from eastern michigan university with concentrations in both vocal performance and choral music. she has over 20 years of experience teaching many aspects of music inclduing general music, private voice lesssons and chorus. always a believer that music can help change and heal the world, she strives to teach her students kindness, compassion, creatieve thinking and mindfulness so that they are well prepared to contribute positively to the world around them.
matty also loves hiking, taking walks, yoga, art, dance, finding fun places to visit, attending theater performances and spending time with her family and friends. gabriela bermudasspanish specialist"gabriella’s use of materials to infuse spanish in young people’s lives makes her classrooms one of the most engaging spaces in our school."learn moregabriel grew up in a multi-language family where her father speaks seven languages and her mother speaks three. her natural abilities and love of language led her to major in linguistics at ucla. gabriel travels extensively in central america for linguistic research. after having her own children and teaching them languages, her belief of a better way to teach language was solidified: utilizing and enjoying that desire to communicate is the path to learn a second language. grabriel also believes learning the language of another is the key to bring the world closer. jacobe mccoyp.e. specialist"cobe has such a wonderful way of getting on the children’s level.  he is incredibly kind and the students are always excited to have physical education with him."learn moremr. cobe” is originally from north carolina, and obtained teaching degree from appalachian state university in 2021. he chose to become a health and physical education teacher to assist students with developing healthy lifestyles. mr. cobe is a big advocate for health and fitness, he believes being an elementary teacher allows him to be one of the first positive health factors to help young children achieve a healthy lifestyle. he is dedicated to help combat childhood health issues. another goal of mr. cobe is not only to help young children become successful but transform them into great human beings. it takes a village, and he is glad to be a part of it. tisa mccarter dance specialist"tisa is a passionate advocate of student voice and empowerment. she is a dedicated mother and friend."learn moretisa mccarter embarked on her dance career at the andover school of ballet. she then furthered her passion for dance at fitchburg university, where she not only honed her skills but also shared her expertise by teaching hip hop and street funk. after graduating with a minor in dance and dance therapy, tisa delved deeper into the world of performing arts. she showcased her talent and creativity by performing in the broadway play la trivita for keene state college. throughout her career, tisa had the privilege of collaborating with various esteemed artists and choreographers such as fatima, beyoncé, alvin ailey, jay z, fabulous, and method man.marilyn latimer dance specialist"marilyn’s passion for dance is contagious!  she lifts all of her students to a place where they believe they can and will succeed in fulfilling their dreams.learn moremarilyn latimer began her dance training at competition studios in the southern nh area. from a young age she excelled in ballet and went on to train at top ballet schools such as walnut hill school of the arts and the boston ballet school. in 2014 she received a full scholarship to train at the alvin ailey school professional program summer intensive. marilyn attended suny purchase conservatory of dance for two years before continuing her studies at the university of alabama where she received her ba in dance, as well as became the recipient of the gage bush england award for her outstanding achievements in classical ballet and choreography. sandy carlsonsubstitute teacher"sandy's organization and passion for learning reassures the staff that the students will be cared for and respectful."learn moresandy is a retired surgical nurse, educator, and director of surgery. she has been an amazing helper for hampstead academy for a few years. she loves to travel and enjoy adventures with her family, especially her two grandsons. sandy has a dog named ruby, who loves to cuddle with her while she is reading!
rosemarie foleysubstitute teacher"rose has been helping out the academy for years, bringing her talents as an educator and great grandmother to our classrooms with warmth and positivity."learn morerose marie held a variety of professional jobs over a 40 year period working for fortune  500 companies .it is thru these management positions that she learned to become diplomatic in resolving problematic issues leading to excellence in recognition on several occasions . 
after her retirement, to stay active and involved, she sought out hampstead academy working with children in their early years of development.as a substitute teacher,it is her goal to respect the teachers and provide unbridled love to the students. 
rose marie is a mother of 2, grandmother of 3 and great grandmother of 3. she is a trusted advisor for the children of her adult children.
melinda labointernships & apprenticeshipslearn more“being able to participate in real-world, hands-on learning opportunities deepens understanding far more than any classroom lesson. you simply can’t place a value on these real-world experiences and it’s why we place so much importance on them.”rebecca cummings 
favorite impact pillar:innovation & entrepreneurshiplearn more“encouraging originality, inventiveness and perseverance is what’s going to make our students successful in the long run and make them stand out from the crowd. they’ll be entering the workforce with the skills they need to succeed while others will still be learning them.” beverly rose
favorite impact pillar:civics & social justicelearn more“i love that our students are empowered to be well-informed, active citizens with the passion and abilities to make the world a better place no matter their age.”bridgette beaulieufavorite impact pillar:stewardship & global issueslearn more“it’s awe-inspiring to see how much our young students care about the world around them. not just their neighborhood, but the awareness and true concern they have for the future of our entire planet and the global community.”marianne micciche
favorite impact pillar:culture & identitylearn more“even our youngest students are able to learn about and celebrate what makes themselves and each other unique. from the very beginning, we explore different cultures with a sense of curiosity and wonder.”kimberly palmer
favorite impact pillar:culture & identitylearn more“there’s nothing more exciting than learning about what makes each of us who we are, where we came from, and what the possibilities are for the future. at hampstead academy, we want our students to know that the possibilities are limitless.”jessi lane
favorite impact pillar:stewardship & global issueslearn more“there’s nothing more exciting than learning about what makes each of us who we are, where we came from, and what the possibilities are for the future. at hampstead academy, we want our students to know that the possibilities are limitless.”trinere mccabe
favorite impact pillar:culture & identitylearn more“there’s nothing more exciting than learning about what makes each of us who we are, where we came from, and what the possibilities are for the future. at hampstead academy, we want our students to know that the possibilities are limitless.”marisa farrell
favorite impact pillar:civics & social justicelearn more“knowing that their individual actions and voices count is incredibly empowering to our students. it’s one of the greatest tools they leave our school with, knowing that each of them can make a difference.”annie adamsky
favorite impact pillar:stewardship & global issueslearn more“i love seeing our students turn their passions into actions, working together to solve problems and come up with solutions. they’re learning real skills to become the leaders of tomorrow.”stacy stone
favorite impact pillar:internships & apprenticeshipslearn more“our students are keenly aware that in order for our world to survive, we need to help each other. they’re already actively working together to think of ways to make our world a better place for themselves, their neighbors and the global community.”jay orzechowski
favorite impact pillar:internships & apprenticeshipslearn more“experience is truly one of the greatest teachers. i’ve seen our students learn so much through hands-on projects and community-based learning opportunities.”kate delgiacco
favorite impact pillar:internships & apprenticeshipslearn more“the future is filled with uncertainties. those who can think on their feet, be nimble and craft new and better ways of getting things done will be the ones to succeed and lead us into a better tomorrow.”here are a few faqshere are a few faqswhat makes this school different from a traditional public or private school?we understand that traditional education is not always the best way to prepare students for success in today’s world. the days of sitting in rows, listening to lectures, taking notes and memorizing information for tests does not create critical, creative thinkers and leaders. our learning model is inquiry-based, action-oriented and recognizes and honors the passions and talents of the individual student.my child is lost in the huge school he/she is in.  what does it mean by “we teach to the individual child?”  how many students are in a classroom?many modern public schools are overcrowded with some classes even being instructed in hallways.  at hampstead academy, our classes are small and do not exceed an 8:1 pre-k and 15:1 k-8 student to teacher ratio. 
staff continually collaborates in order to differentiate all core subject lessons to make sure each individual student is receiving instruction at their level.  if a child is working above their grade level, we provide instruction appropriately to keep them challenged and moving along comfortably.  if a child needs more time to review or learn things differently, we provide instruction to help them achieve mastery.does your school include focus on social emotional learning?with the fast paced environment of our current world, it’s easy to forget to take time to stop and connect with ourselves and those around us each day to make sure we’re doing okay.  think about how a crazy morning can affect the rest of your day.
each morning students and staff greet each other with a combined k-grade 8 group of students using the zones of regulation program and discuss how to remember to keep others' feelings in mind before we begin our day working in groups on different projects and activities.is it easy for families to communicate with staff?at hampstead academy, we recognize the importance of working as a team with families and students.  teachers are available to communicate with families upon request. daily communication occurs between teachers/families, weekly communication between school/families, and head of school is available upon request as well. is hampstead academy right for my child?only families can decide what is right for their child.  however, the application process at hampstead academy is quite thorough and includes a mandatory tour which will certainly give you a sense of whether hampstead academy is the right fit. we also offer a shadow day experience for your child to fully immerse in our authentic learning environment, when school is in session. the process of applying would give you the opportunity to make the most informed decision. view all faqsready to learn more?connect with a conversation!book a tour / interest call / zoom meet and greetclick below to connect with us!

schedule a phone callbook a tourstay in the knowsubscribe to our newsletterthere’s always a lot happening at hampstead academy. subscribe to our newsletter and get all the latest updates right in your inbox.













 





stay up to datewhat’s happening snapshot











hampsteadacademy
we believe in preparing learners to be creative, critical thinkers that are ready to solve the world’s many challenges. #educationreimagined








discover personalized learning at hampstead academ






the academy is closed due to inclement weather






open enrollment for the 2025-2026 school year at h






"snow much fun at school! ❄️☃️ making memo


 


 


load more






 follow on instagram











preparing students for the future. new england’s only private prek-8 impact school.explorehomepagewho we areacademicsadmissionshomepagewho we areacademicsadmissionsrequired formswhat’s happeningfaqcontactcontact ushampstead@hampsteadacademy.org+1 603 329 4406320 east road
hampstead, nh
03841privacy policyterms & conditionsdesigned by no-where consultantscopyright ⓒ hampstead academy 2023. all rights reserved.

who we areacademicsacademicsearly childhood programslower schoolupper schooladmissionswhat’s happeningwhat’s happeningnewsletternews & eventsblogfaqcontact ushomeacademicsadmissionsfaqcontact us
 

 
 


  


























