







dr. jaw: invisalign®, braces, orthodontist, tucson, oro valley, sahuarita










































































tucson 520-747-5297    oro valley 520-544-9200    sahuarita 520-625-0100














about us
treatments
locations




















locations



 



















 













voted #1 orthodontist in tucson, sahuarita & oro valley
since 1986, our orthodontic office in tucson has been providing unsurpassed personalized care to patients of all ages and needs in a fun and upbeat environment. thanks to our modern offices and friendly personalities, you’ll feel at home as soon as you walk through our doors. yet, behind our welcoming, laidback atmosphere, we’re actually a group of goal-oriented, hard working and skilled professionals who love creating beautiful, healthy smiles.
 




text or call: 520-747-  




schedule a consultation























treatments





early treatments








developmental monitoring
monitor jaw growth and guide tooth eruption.










phase 1 treatment
simple treatments to correct bite and make space for adult teeth.










palatal expanders
arch development, airway improvement.





braces








braces for kids
color & clear braces, lingual or hidden braces. (ages 7 – 12)










braces for teens
color & clear braces, lingual or hidden braces. (ages 13 – 19)










braces for adults
color & clear braces, lingual or hidden braces. (ages 18+)





invisalign®








invisalign® first
effective in shaping simple to complex little smiles. 6+










invisalign® for teens
virtually invisible way to straighten your teen’s teeth!










invisalign® for adults
clear aligners that are effective and discreet!







treatments

































































































































































































































      













dr. kyle rabe, dr. laura robison-rabe, dr. colby weaver, dr. james weaver




meet your orthodontists
• kyle rabe, dds, ms
• laura robison-rabe, dmd, ms
• colby j. weaver, dds
• james a. weaver, dds


about us













testimonials






we love dr. jaw! my daughter feels very secure and confident on her ortho journey! her words: “i love going to dr. jaw, everyone there is so nice!” i agree, the staff is both professional and kind and they make every one of their patients feel special!

– starr b.








this is a superb office. everyone is professional, competent and fun. adults will get terrific care and kids will have fun having orthodontia work done. who could ask for more? highly recommended.

– robert b








overall the staff is very friendly and welcoming. i did not feel judged for waiting too long to correct my teeth. i look forwarded to the next 18 months.

– gino m.








i have absolutely loved all the care i have received from dr jaw. braces and help with my tmj. such wonderful caring staff. knowledgeable about what was going on and would happen. strongly recommend. thank you for all your help!

– christina o








dr. jaws very friendly with great customer service has a way of relating to my teen like no other. i really appreciate all that was done for putt experience. i felt comfortable as well as my daughter. thanks again appreciate everything..

– carmelita c.












patient resources





new patient form



patient login



schedule a consultation







































































































 









locations
• tucson
• oro valley
• sahuarita



patient resources
• new patient form
• patient login
• schedule a consultation



menu
• about us
• treatments
• locations



 

















