



heraeus group






















ensearchmenuheraeus. 
technology delivered.
all around the world.
the heraeus group is a broadly diversified and globally leading family-owned technology company, headquartered in hanau, germany. your competitive advantage is our priority. in all our businesses our people combine material expertise with technological know-how. with this professional knowledge, we look into your processes, challenges and markets and develop high quality solutions that strengthen your competitiveness in the long term.
your browser does not support html5 video."on the way to the company's 400th anniversary, we are constantly working to make the company fit for the future. curiosity, enthusiasm, new creative ideas and the courage to try these out is the basis for this. fit for the future means that you are never finished, but always in the middle of it."jan rinnert, ceo and chairman of the board of managing directors of heraeus group
news and storiesnews and storiesat heraeus, new ideas, fresh minds, and collaborative partnerships give rise to innovations that serve society.
find out about the latest news and stories from the heraeus group. you will get some insights of the company with innovation articles, press releases or people stories.
11/08/2024heraeus receives honorary award "ey entrepreneur of the year 2024" for exceptional entrepreneurial and social commitment
© philipp kirschnerpress release​​best practices of artificial intelligence: success stories at heraeus​ from production lines to office environments: learn how artificial intelligence is transforming workflows at heraeus.
©your123 - stock.adobe.coma diversified family business with enthusiasm for technologytoday, heraeus bundles diverse businesses in the business platforms metals & recycling, healthcare, semiconductor & electronics, and industrials. customers benefit from innovative technologies and solutions based on broad materials expertise and technology leadership.
we are systematically developing our operating businesses and strengthening them in a targeted way. the focus here is on the competitiveness of the individual business and the balance within our portfolio.
operating companies of the heraeus groupheraeus worldwidethe heraeus group is a broadly diversified and globally leading family-owned technology company, headquartered in hanau, germany.
learn more about the heraeus locations around the globemore about heraeussustainability at heraeusjoin us on our journey towards a more sustainable future. at heraeus group we are committed to environmental and social sustainability as well as good business practices in our value chains. from reducing carbon emissions to promoting health and safety, we are dedicated to minimizing our environmental footprint and contributing to a sustainable planet. discover how we are turning sustainability into action and driving meaningful change for a brighter tomorrow. 
facts and figureswith approximately 16,400 employees in 40 countries, heraeus is one of the top 10 family-owned companies in germany and holds a leading position in its global markets.
corporate historythe company’s roots go back to a family pharmacy started in 1660. since then, heraeus has become a globally diverse and leading technology group diversified in the business platforms of metals & recycling, healthcare, semiconductor & electronics, and industrials. find out more about how the heraeus group has grown into this position.
about heraeus groupheraeus businessesfacts and figuressustainabilitycareerspress and medianews and storiesmedia contactsservicescompliance hotlinesupplier and partnerreturn and delivery informationformer productscontactfollow uslinkedinyoutubematerials. innovations.  for generations.terms and conditionsscam and frauddisclaimerprivacy policyimprintcookie information © 2025 heraeus group
