


































st. paul's school










      skip to main content
    








st. paul's school




















back to search close button





main navigation
in this section


admissions


sps 360


academics


community


arts


athletics


about


home


advanced studies program


alumni


giving


parents





information for



alumni


parents


visitors






giving


news


events


asp summer


mysps parent login



back to menu close button















pause video





where you belong 
one fully residential community.
a world of possibility. 












home page









find yourself here
st. paul's school is a community built for learners. 
 everyone lives together on our grounds, students and teachers alike. our fully residential model means that learning might start in the classroom, but it extends into every aspect of life at sps.
sps 360: what makes us unique




academics
service
community









 












academics
emerson ’25
emerson loves the complex math and physics of astronomy — as well as the deeper understanding it provides of our place in a vast and beautiful universe.
meet emerson








 












service
linus '25, josh ’25 and ethan '25
linus, josh and ethan went global with some of the life skills they’ve learned at sps, organizing a daylong conference for teens and young adults in uganda.
read about jump stress








 












community
ej ’25
an athlete and student admissions officer, ej ‘25 says growing up in concord with sps students for her babysitters and role models has given her special perspective on the community.
see ej's day









admissions
founded in 1856, st. paul’s school is a 100% boarding high school where 539 students and 113 teachers live and learn together as they pursue excellence in character and scholarship. our diverse student body comes from 34 states and 28 countries, and nearly 40% receive financial aid. u.s. students in families with annual household incomes up to $150,000 generally qualify for full tuition support.
find out more about admissions










 












say yes to sps!

text blocks

 
inquire
tell us a little about yourself so we can get you the right information. 


 
visit
join us for a tour. can’t make it? try our virtual tour instead. 


 
apply
ready to take the next step? here’s how to apply.



























academics

in our classrooms, you’ll get broad education in humanities, math, science, languages and the arts, with opportunities for advanced study and a unique classical honors program. and that’s just the beginning.
go to academics















community

being fully residential means community is at the center of everything we do. it’s all about embracing our differences and fostering respectful spaces where everyone feels at home.
go to community












related news












january 17, 2025
st. paul's school observes martin luther king jr. daycampus visitors and special programming bring to life “mlk jr. and the moral imagery”





january 7, 2025
a fresh perspective on fine artsceramics teacher becky soderberg ’94 returns to sps following a sabbatical in portugal.





december 20, 2024
deep divejames estes ’25 researched the chinese economy, and the harvard business review published his findings.









more news














325 pleasant street
concord, nh 03301
(603) 229-4600






employment


school safety


contact us


school store


mysps parent login






visit


apply


give







facebook


linkedin


vimeo


instagram




privacy policy


terms of use



© 2025 st paul’s school. all rights reserved.












