
































all mouth, no trousers' journal













calling all movers
 

 


12:28pm 13 february 2011


 

( sorry about the spam, this is for a contestcollapse )
 


 
 
 have a carrot?


 



christmas card
 

 


10:16am 16 november 2010


 

peppermint palms christmasshop shutterfly for elegant custom christmas photo cards.view the entire collection of cards.
 


 
 
 2 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



hello & good-bye
 

 


18:21pm 26 august 2010


 

  
  i will introduce y'all to my beautiful daughter and then take my leave. i just don't have the time and energy to devote to lj as i once did & it seems like most everyone else has jumped ship for the far shallower waters of facebook anyhow. if i know you, as in if you tell me your lj name i will recognize it from comments or conversations we have had, you are welcome to add me on facebook (and tell me your lj in the request, so i know who you are!). if i don't know your lj name, i'm sorry but in order to protect myself from some of the scumbags who have harassed me here over the years, i can't add you. anyhow, here's my sweet girl( more daisy & her beloved big brothercollapse )
 


 
 
 24 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



daisy verlaine mcginley
 

 


15:07pm 28 may 2010


 

  
  lily & sean are happy to announce the birth of their beautiful daughter daisy verlaine mcginley. she was born at 2:20pm on friday, may 28th, weight 7lb 7oz and 21 inches.  lily is doing well & over the moon to have her family complete at last! pictures to come!( daisy verlaine mcginleycollapse )
 


 
 
 23 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



update
 

 


09:26am 21 april 2010


 

  
  okay, y'all, so i think of myself as forgiving and as someone who gives people the benefit of the doubt. to the point where my mother used to get angry at me for "taking back" friends in middle school/high school who had hurt me, because  i always thought it wouldn't happen again. until it did. as it turns out, she was right. i'm less forgiving than i am just plain stupid. the day after i last posted, oddharmonic actually emailed me for the first time in a year. i was astonished. i was amazed. i was fool enough to be happy! she said if i could send her $20 for shipping, she would mail my quilt that saturday (march 27th) or she would mail it with her own money the first week of april. naturally i took choice number one. i even sent an extra $5 as a show of good faith. now, she was miffed that some people who read my last post had sent her some comment with obscenities & rudeness in them, and truthfully, i was too. i didn't want her getting attacked, i just wanted her to do the right thing. i told her i was sorry she'd been insulted and assured her that once i had a tracking number for my box, i would post that she had redeemed herself and how happy i was and that all was resolved.i had visions of the box arriving at my door and just curling up under my mommy's quilt and crying with relief. except that never happened. i am dumb enough that i really thought she'd do what she said! after all this time! the fact that she asked for money, which she never has done no matter how many times i offered, and accepted said money...i'm such an idiot i believed that meant she was going to follow through at long last. because like i said, i give people the benefit of the doubt. over and over again. much to my detriment.i guess taking my money and (more cruelly) holding out hope was punishment for posting about this & for having friends who sent her nastygrams, supposedly at my behest. that's all i can figure, since she's not speaking to me in any way. she posted about some current financial issues they were having and stated this makes me have little patience for people i don't know leaving condescending and/or rude comments because i am in the process of settling something with their online friend. i'm pretty sure jesus would not do that. then she banned me from leaving comments. i don't call what she's doing "settling" something.instead she took my money, never sent it, and went right back to ignoring my emails and phone calls. when the first and second weeks of april passed and she still hadn't returned any emails, nor sent me a tracking number, i opened a paypal dispute. not as much to get my money back, but as a way to force her to communicate with me.she didn't. i've since escalated it & i'm waiting for my refund. which means nothing to me, i don't want my frickin' $25 back, i want my quilt. which i have now pretty much accepted that i'm never going to see again.it makes me sad. and it makes me feel stupid that i actually thought otherwise for a while there :(eta i do realize that posting this where she can read it is fairly passive-aggressive, but it's not like she will acknowledge any other communication from me, including a paypal dispute, so what do i have to lose? at least y'all make me feel a little better by caring about what's happened & agreeing that it was very unkind and unjust.
 


 
 
 37 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



what to do?
 

 


16:34pm 21 march 2010


 

  
  i'm fine, baby's great, pregnancy progressing much better than last time. no bedrest yet, which is wonderful because i don't know how i could be on bedrest with an active little boy who doesn't nap and who sleeps 10 hours a night if i'm lucky.the same reason i am pretty much mia from lj, i just don't have time to sit down and write. i'm as guilty as most everyone else of abandoning the in-depth sharing of lj for the shallow 5 second updates of facebook because that's about what my schedule allows me.but anyway, but anyway (in the words of henry rollins) i need some advice.long time readers may remember, well over 3 years ago, when the quilt my mamma made got ruined. it was very special to me, she made it when i was about 6 or 7, it was white eyelet with pink satin backing, it had a kitty applique and i just loved it. it was only used occasionally, like when i was sick or sad, and even after she died and it became mine full time, i only broke it out for extra special comfort.then i had to wash it & it got snagged in the machine. the satin backing got shredded. i was devastated. i posted about it here & oddharmonic kindly offered to fix it for me. i sent it to her. she claimed it was fixed several months later & that she was going to send it back as soon as she could get a ride to the post office. never happened. she'd intermittently ask me for my address and tell me she had a plan to mail it out on this day or that day. never happened. on and on for years this went. last year she had a great deal of personal issues in her life and i tried to be sympathetic, even though after 3 years i was pretty fed up with waiting. i would frequently offer her money for my completed quilt as well as shipping. she'd never take me up on it. her biggest obstacle seemed to be getting a ride to the post office, so i offered to have a local friend come pick it up. she was unwilling to allow "a stranger" to come to her home. i offered any amount of money for cab fare + shopping + her time. i offered to arrange a pre-paid ups pick up, anything to get this precious heirloom back into my hands.so she took to ignoring me. she unfriended me on facebook, wouldn't respond to my emails or message requests. she screens comments on her lj and won't post or reply to mine. she won't answer the phone when i call. she's blocked me from texting her. i don't have her address.i don't understand. i really don't. as far as i knew we were friends, i don't know that i ever did anything to hurt or offend her. i appreciated her offer so much & i don't know why this happened. my heart literally hurts over this. i am having a baby girl in 2 months and it would mean so much to me for her to have something her grandmother made her, the only thing she'd ever have that my mom had created herself. i cry about it whenever i think about it. i realize that at this point she has probably thrown it away or sold it on craigslist or something, which breaks my heart to consider, but i want to know. if it's gone & i have no hope of ever seeing it again, i'd like to at least know to give up that hope. it's hard.what would you do?
 


 
 
 57 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



ultrasound pictures!
 

 


16:13pm 05 january 2010


 



mood:  ecstatic

( baby picturescollapse )
 


 
 
 32 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



quickie
 

 


22:27pm 29 december 2009


 

  
  cash on christmas eve in his new thomas jammies with toby the tram engine. he was happy( stuff & stuffcollapse )
 


 
 
 14 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



blah blah blah
 

 


22:10pm 07 december 2009


 

  
  yeah, i have been an absentee lj person. i read when i can (usually when cash is sitting on my lap watching homemade thomas videos on youtube, which he will gladly do for hours if i let him) but between cash no longer napping and still being nauseated and exhausted and headachey at night...i just don't have the motivation to write a big post.i'm having my cerclage surgery tomorrow, 4 weeks earlier than last time which will hopefully prevent total bedrest.we went to mississippi for thanksgiving with mil, who cash has decided to call "homer". it was nice, but the drive was miserable, cash just hates long car trips. he is not into sitting still. we went to a buffet at the swanky island view hotel for thanksgiving which was delicious, and cash got to have pizza and mac & cheese for his meal, plus all you an eat cookies, so he was happy.we did have to watch finding nemo 500 times on the trip though because mil only has 1 television, so cash was in charge.  so that's pretty much what's up with me. ( belly pics & cash picscollapse )
 


 
 
 15 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



i don't need a stranger to let me know my baby's let me down
 

 


20:50pm 11 november 2009


 



mood:  nauseated

  finally caught up on this season of fringe. i just adore that show!nice tribal on survivor last week.i got another peek at baby prizes on friday last, s/he has a heartrate of 175 (cash's was never over 145) and likes skynrd. s/he was all curled up until "sweet home alabama came on the office pa, then s/he started to dance!back to usup until last week, cash hasn't expressed a preference, but on wednesday he said he wanted the baby to be a girl. i think it's just because he likes tyler's baby sister lily so much.also before bed, he said bee bee! bee bee! and we were looking for his baby doll or a small version of a stuffed animal and then he said bee bee! again and lifted up my shirt to pat my belly. i guess he's got the idea at last.( you think i'm lonesome, so do icollapse )
 


 
 
 14 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



he used to do surgery on girls in the eighties
 

 


22:44pm 27 october 2009


 



mood:  nauseated

  still nauseated, still exhausted. i know i have been neglecting lj horribly but between feeling rotten all the time and cash giving up naps, i just can't sit here tip tapping away about all my minutiae anymore. i feel bad about it, especially for my own sake, i always love being able to go back and check what i was doing any given day.really my "morning" sickness is worst at night, so with cash not napping, by the time he falls asleep, i feel utterly miserable and want to just go to bed myself. if he were sleeping during the day, i'd likely be better about writing.( but gravity always winscollapse )
 


 
 
 13 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



oh, not so much lethargic, as so much uninterested
 

 


22:44pm 22 october 2009


 



mood:  exhausted

  i recently saw mention of a child named ryily. pronouced riley. oy. still feeling miserable and exhausted all the time. i've only thrown up four times (two of them last night) but i am pretty much non-stop nauseated. and sooo tired, all the time.cash got a haircut yesterday, he looks fabulous( yeah so uh, like uh, into it,collapse )
 


 
 
 9 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



i met this girl and called her ma, i called her everything
 

 


17:07pm 16 october 2009


 



mood:  nauseated

  well, i meant to post this last night, but cash stayed up so late that i was wrecked by the time he fell asleep & totally forgot. i was really happy with the results of hell's kitchen. overall, i found it a very enjoyable season. so far sytycd is shaping up pretty good! i like how they are making a concerted effort this season to be sure we see everyone in the top 20 before they get there, so it's not like in the past where they announce people in the top 20 who we have never clapped eyes on before. i had a dvr toddlers & tiaras marathon while cash was napping today. i'm not allowed to watch it when sean's home, he thinks it's totally disgusting. i agree, but i'm drawn to the train wreck.i told my dvr to stop recording glee.i have been nauseated for the last 2 weeks, almost non-stop. in the afternoons i usually get a break for a few hours. i can't eat much. whenever something sounds good to me, i eat it, because it happens so rarely. i had spicy pickles and white rice with butter for lunch.the smell of cooking meat absolutely destroys me. i am fixing to buy sean a hibachi and make him cook outside.( i called her fab and mrs. fish...i didn't get her namecollapse )
 


 
 
 18 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



monday picture post: a very special edition
 

 


15:35pm 12 october 2009


 

  
  i have a surprise for daddy!( bet you can guess what it is!collapse )
 


 
 
 69 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



line up, put your kisses down
 

 


23:13pm 09 october 2009


 

  
  we went to gulf world today! we tried taking cash last year, but he didn't really get that much out of it. he enjoyed it a lot more this time, plus it was half off for locals and he's free, so it was only $12. well worth it. he's enjoying it more than he appears to be here! he just wanted to turn his head to face the sea lion, and i didn't think he'd like a big whiskery, fishy kiss on the lips, so i was trying to keep his face to the camera. and i had to keep his arms down when he wanted to give it a hug too, so i was kind of wresting with him the whole time. but overall he was tickled, he keeps wanting to see the picture and make kissy noises at it.like mother, like son!( remember these?collapse )
 


 
 
 7 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



there's a day of your life in your hands
 

 


22:44pm 05 october 2009


 



mood:  thankful

  i hate to say it, but i have almost lost interest in glee. the last two episodes have alternated between boring and cringingly bad. i shouldn't be surprised, it's not like i'm not used to ryan murphy letting me down.on the other hand, i've finally caught up on season 2 of 90120 and wow! it's excellent, so far even better than last season. i love it! i tried to watch the new melrose place too, but found it too ott to stomach. i stopped watching the original mp in the last few seasons because it just got too silly and it looks like the new one picks up where those left off. having a hard time getting into survivor this season, but that's more my fault than the show's, i keep trying to watch it at times where it doesn't have my full attention.( full of people you don't understandcollapse )
 


 
 
 7 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



saturday picture post: boys on a train edition
 

 


23:23pm 03 october 2009


 

  
  tyler & cash on the pier park express( choo choo! all aboard!collapse )
 


 
 
 2 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



now he can do this, do you think that you could?
 

 


08:28am 02 october 2009


 



mood:  tired

  figures, i actually wrote this post last night & lj was down!i really need to get my child a punching bag. he gets so frustrated so easily right now, maybe if he had something he was encouraged to hit, he could work some of that out.i have no idea what he is going to be for halloween. he is so not into dressing up, he just doesn't want to wear anything that's not his normal clothes. i saw this & thought he might wear it because it's thomas and not really going to impede his movementit's actually much shorter than it looks, it only went a bit below cash's waist. it really was just like a vest. they had it at toys r us yesterday, and he liked it, so i put it on him. after about two minutes he started pulling at it and shaking his head no. it's made of foam so it's kind of stiff and the collar probably wasn't very comfy.i am thinking maybe he can just wear a thomas t-shirt and jeans and like...a bandana or something. he's just not a costume kind of guy. i can't even get him to keep a hat on for longer than a few seconds.actually i have a t-shirt from last year that he could wear, it's orange and says this is my costume. ha, that'd be about the right attitude for him.( and he can do that, which is more than any old cat couldcollapse )
 


 
 
 7 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



corn flaky
 

 


23:23pm 29 september 2009


 



mood:  tired

  boy howdy, cash cutting back on naps has severely cut into my ability to write posts. if i don't do them during the day and just finish at night, they don't get done because by the time he goes to bed it's after 10 and i have too much to catch up on reading to write anything.anyone watching the new survivor? when does lost start again?i love how when cash & i go outside in the evenings now, he looks up and says "mooooon!" then jumps up to try to catch it. complete with ungh sound effects. watching him last night, i got all teary eyed hoping that he never stops believing he can.he has continued to put the terrible in terrible 2s this week, though not as bad as last week. thankfully, we have a pretty low key week planned and nowhere we have to be, so it's enabling me to work with him and his moody moods.( shaky breakycollapse )
 


 
 
 6 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 



saturday picture post: kindermusik edition
 

 


00:14am 27 september 2009


 

  
  cash didn't think much of kindermusik, really( but we had some fun anyhowcollapse )
 


 
 
 5 nibbles  - have a carrot?


 






 


princessbunny



friends
info
calendar
sean & lily's wedding page & photo gallery
 


 





hop
 


 
backwards


 

































