


acemnf-wiraq: life through the eyes of a data marine




















    
	acemnf-wiraq: life through the eyes of a data marine
	
  






20050830



	 
	 intermission
	 
    


after looking around, it has come to my attention that i might have to register this thing. i'm gonna talk to one of my sncos or my oic later about it to see what exactly needs to be done. until then, i'm not going to post any updates since i'd rather not get njp'd over something i did out of boredom. back in a few days.



posted by psybain at 9:47 am
1 comments






20050827



	 
	 great peril
	 
    


last night was an eventful, datawise… i cant say much more than that though, other than this other unit’s data shop retarded enough to make radio (the guy from the movie, not the work section) look like he deserves a nobel prize for being a fucking genius. anyway, i talked to my net buddy cb last night and he warned me to be careful with what i say on this thing since commanders apparently are starting to crack down on the entire blog thing, so yeah… i’m trying to be all incognito and secret squirrel about this, and not say shit that will get me tossed in the brig as pfc psybain the second. that shit would irk me to no end. speaking of squerrils…. this one lt has a stuffed animal squirrel in the watch office by my work, and one of the ssgts from another shop has been taking pleasure in torturing said stuffed animal to mess with her. a few nights ago he took it and tacked it all stretched out on one of our haji-plywood walls like it was on a mideval rack. then last night my oic was on watch with me and during our boredom, he managed to take the squirrel and tape it all fucked up to the side of a desk. the ssgt walked in later and saw the squirrel’s peril, and started taking the tape off. i thought he was going soft suddenly, until he borrowed my gerber, cut it’s neck halfway, and pulled all the stuffing out of it’s head a neck. then he reattached the tape over the thing’s neck and head and said “she’s gonna freak when she pulls the tape off tomorrow.” god i wish i could be there when she goes on shift. oh well. i managed to get a couple pics of the squirrel before the ssgt turned it into the nick berg of the stuffed animal world, and i’ll post those if i have time.some other stuff happened today, but i’ll mention it after i know for sure i’m not violating opsec… nothing big or anything for people to worry about though.i gotta get ready for work, see you guys later.der squirrelen:



posted by psybain at 1:17 pm
1 comments






20050826



	 
	 about me
	 
    


for those who don’t know me, i’m a data marine stationed in western iraq. if you that don't know what data marines do, that means most of my day is spent fucking with switches, routers, servers, cat 5 cable, etc. yes, a lot of the time i am in an air conditioned office, which is much more than the grunts get, and i am appreciative and grateful for that, but it is my job to support them so they can accomplish their missions. i can be cynical and bitter about lots of things, but that’s just me. that’s not to say that i’m some emo bitch who mopes and whines all day. i can also be easily amused and i’m a total smartass with a dark, fucked up sense of humor, so be warned. i’ve been independent for as long as myself and anyone else in my family can remember. i’m a pretty easy going guy, but if you keep on pushing me, i will eventually lose it and push back, consequences be damned.i was originally inspired to start this after reading the “my war” blog (and more specifically the “men in black” entry) last summer when i was in comm school. it was the first time i heard of an event that happened in iraq where i could actually picture what it must have been like. it wasn’t third person and polished, it wasn’t designed to push an agenda. it was real. it was the first time i felt i was getting the whole story from iraq. and although i have been inspired by cb and his ability to tell his story, this will not be some bastardized clone of what he made. my voice is neither more nor less important than anyone else’s. in my opinion, all war blogs are equal since they’re all observations from different points of view. this isn’t here to force anything down your throat. you won’t see me cheering and clamoring for another 10 years of us forces in iraq, nor will i demand we all pull out now. i think a timetable is stupid. if we said we’d leave in a year, the insurgents would wait us out for a year, knowing that we’d be gone soon and they could act a fool then. this is only here to act as a half-assed time capsule of sorts - something to chronicle the shit that i saw and felt while i was in this god-forsaken desert. there is nothing else to it. my fiancé probably sees it as competition or something since she has a blog about me being gone, but whatever. i really haven’t decided what to do with this thing yet… i have a few posts on myspace that i’ll probably clone over here, but after that… who knows. with my job, it’s hard to go into detail about anything without hitting the coverall “commsec” barrier. and i’d really rather not give ali bin haji any information on how to more efficiently fuck with our network out here, or any descriptions of how it’s laid out. with that being said, you wont hear much about work unless it’s really general… you’re more likely to get random shit that i notice while running all over the base on trouble calls. i’ve been debating on doing a pictorial blog as well, but it’ll probably be a mix of the two… pics one day and writing the next. anyway, with that being said, i need to pass out.



posted by psybain at 5:23 am
0 comments











about me

name:  psybain 
location:  united states 
this website is privately operated and is designed to provide personal information, views and commentary about the authors experiences in iraq and elsewhere. the images depicted and opinions expressed on this website are solely those of the author and contributors and not those of any agency of the united states government, expressly including, but not limited to, the department of defense or the united states marine corps. the site is not designed, authorized, sanctvioned, or affiliated, by or with, any agency of the united states government, expressly including, but not limited to, the department of defense, or the united states marine corps. users accept and agree to this disclaimer in the use of any information accessed in this website. e-mail: psybain@gmail.com © 2005
view my complete profile

links

google news
my war
marine's fiance left behind
drudge report
michael yon : online magazine

previous posts

intermission
great peril
about me

archives

august 2005









 



