



majestic records, songwriter, songwriting , poems, songs wanted





















majestic records inc. 
proudly presents !!! 



our lead singerhas beencomparedmany times to






elvis presley






one of the greatest ambitions of any songwriter is to finally have a recording session made of his or her song by professional recording artists in a quality recording  studio !!!!!






until now this has been totally out of reach moneywise for the average songwriter.  breakthroughs have been made and a service that many have paid highly for is now available at an extremely reasonable price !!!!!!  if one of your songs is accepted by majestic records inc. we will produce a full stereo recording of it using some of the latest technologies with a male recording artist, six instruments and write you a completely original melody for only                                (lengthy/difficult songs more).thanks to the wonders of modern technology we are able to produce your demo recording productions at this very inexpensive cost !!!  because of the computer age we are able to use the sounds of at least 200 different band styles along with re-usable  'intros' and 'outros'.  many, many electronic instruments are available to us !!!     the melody we write for you as always is totally original and copyrightable in your name !!!  



                


.pob 1140-clinden, texas75563 usa



world's best 
songwriter 
services 



free song appraisal !!!






poetry set to music



 


email songs hereemail songs/poetryherefree appraisal



 


send your songs/poetry regular mail for free appraisal to... majestic records inc.






send your songs regular mail for free appraisal to...majestic records corporationpost office box 1140-clinden, texas 75563



 


bob seger  and  bruce springsteen





you will receive         7 cds !!!!! 



phone (903) 756-7696



  


a+ ratedandaccreditedwithbetterbusinessbureau



          
email songs/poetry here free appraisalmajesticrecords1@yahoo.com 



majesticrecords1@yahoo.commajesticrecords1@yahoo.com



 


we have an exclusive publishing partnershipthat can be worth an extra$100,000.00if your song is released by a major label and becomesa hit !!!!






phone (903) 756-7696






tour ourentire website !!!click the linksbelow !!!



 


we produce alldifferent stylesof music !!!



$$395 




 

