





hoa community management - realmanage - 2025








































































































 







skip to content



contact usloginpay onlinetoggle navigationwho we servewho we serveboard membersresidentstitle agentsdevelopersspecial servicesinsurance servicesvendor servicestypes of communitiessingle family hoacondominiumsmaster-planned communitiesmixed-use communitieshigh-rise communitiesactive adult communitiesluxury communitiesschedule a demo
board membersresidentsdeveloperstitle agentscommunity typesservicesour solution newcommunity managementhoafinancial managementadministrative & collectionsonsite & lifestylenew community developmentmaintenance servicestechnology solutionsservice offeringsresident/owner communication
multilingual support teamfinancial management
comprehensive financial reportingvendor coordination
proposal review and paymenttax and audit coordination
tax return and w-2 prepboard meeting management
agenda and reporting supportinsurance management
policy application and claimsarchitectural control
request handling and approvalview all services
service categoriesvendor servicesinsurance serviceslocationsnational marketsarizonachandler arizonamesa arizonaphoenix arizonaqueen creek arizonacaliforniaanaheim californiacarlsbad californiachula vista californiamurrieta californianovato californiapleasanton californiasacramento californiasan diego californiacoloradocolorado springs coloradodenver coloradoenglewood coloradolongmont coloradoloveland coloradofloridacoral springs floridajacksonville floridaosprey floridapalm beach gardens floridasarasota floridatampa floridavenice floridavero beach floridawinter garden floridageorgiaduluth georgiaillinoischicago illinoislisle illinoisroselle illinoisnorth carolinablowing rock north carolinacharlotte north carolinaindian trail north carolinaraleigh north carolinasouth carolinacharleston, south carolinamyrtle beach south carolinarock hill south carolinatexasaustin texasdallas texashouston texassan antonio texasutahsalt lake city utahwashingtonseattle washingtonlocations we serveview all locations
aboutoperational excellencegaap – based financial and benchmarking reportsinstant access to all relevant information from any device at anytimecollections management process that lowers delinquency ratesextensive cloud-based knowledge management systemextended-hours, multi lingual service 7:30 am-7:00 pm (central)most calls answered quickly with no re-routing
end-to-end software platformcloud-based board, resident, closing and attorney portals24×7 access to all community informationonline and offline automated deed restriction enforcementonline payments, bank reports, balances and documentssystem alerts to notify employees of issuesautomated workflow wizards for task routing and approvals
professionalism & expertise
seasoned industry veterans with a wide range of expertise

lsm’s, pcam®’s, cmca®’s, ams®’s and state certified community association managers

degreed accountants and certified public accountants (cpas)

experienced and professional:

on-site management staff
resident service advisors
technology staff
industry executives
newsletter publishers
events managers


who we areabout usour storycorporate leadershipindustry expertisecareers​partner with us​news & media
about usour storycorporate leadershipindustry expertisecareers​mergers and acquisitionsbest practicesbest technologybest peopleresourcesvisit blogvisit knowledge centerboard member help centerhomeowner help centervendor help centerclosing portal help centerattorney portal help centerrequest a proposal
 





realmanage homerealmanadmin2025-02-15t10:49:11-06:00 
a new standard in community managementdriven by transparency. powered by technology.schedule a calllearn moreschedule a calllearn morea new standard in community managementdriven by transparency.
powered by technology.
schedule a calllearn morecommunities considering a changedoes your current provider deliver full transparency and real-time access to your community’s financials and operations? or the insights you need to plan for its future? discover how realmanage works hard for you – not the other way around.
learn moreboard membersboard members are key to their community’s success – so we’ve got your back. we provide comprehensive resources and expert guidance to support your success and help you lead your community with confidence.
learn moreresidentsyour home is likely your biggest asset, so we’re committed to enhancing the value and living experience of every community we serve. if you’re a homeowner in one of our managed communities, please click below to access our resident resources.
learn more
maximize the value of your communityrealmanage provides you with professionally trained management, operational excellence,
and service delivery support, all driven by our end-to-end software platform.
why choose realmanage?as the tech-enabled service delivery leader, we tailor our management services to your community’s unique needs, ensuring full transparency, on-demand access, and responsive customer service at every touch point.
we offer what no other management company can — the best community management technology platform in the industry, skilled managers with a passion for service, and effective solutions that add value and ease your administrative and operational burden.
sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
tailored management serviceswe simplify hoa management so you can focus on what matters most — realizing the full vision for your community.
best-in-class technology – built from the ground up, our secure and powerful hoa management software platform enables service and operational excellence.
full transparency – a single login gives you complete transparency, 360-degree operational visibility, on-demand financial reports, streamlined communications — critical for making informed decisions and leading your community more effectively.
local expertise, national strength – trained and experienced local managers and support teams deliver effective solutions to boost value and lifestyle.types of communities we servesingle family hoa
realmanage provides advanced homeowner association management services that streamline operations, enhance development, and deliver seamless hoa management.
we’re known for combining personalized and responsive attention with a wide array of national tools and resources. the result? tailored expertise and strategic support that align with your community’s unique needs and goals.
learn more
condominium associations
a condominium owner’s association is comprised of condominium owners. condominium owners own their individual units and have joint ownership of the building and grounds with other units. coa fees not only cover common areas but the fees also cover building repairs and maintenance.
achieve excellence in condo management by selecting realmanage.  with us, you gain a trusted partner committed to enhancing property values, fostering community harmony, and staying ahead of industry trends
learn more
master-planned communities
a master-planned community is a residential community usually comprised by a large number of homes. as an owner, you own your lot and/or living unit, and the community owns common areas for the owners’ use and benefit. master-planned communities often consist of more than one residential community association, with numerous amenities such as pools, a clubhouse, parks, and playgrounds. they may also contain commercial elements, like restaurants.
realmanage has a wealth of experience handling the wide scope of management challenges master-planned community associations face. your board of directors can rest assured we’ll deliver expert guidance, responsive service, operational excellence, and advanced technology to simplify the management of your master-planned community and help ensure its success, both now and in the future.
learn more
mixed-use communities
mixed-use communities blend residential condominiums and commercial elements, such as offices, restaurants, bars, and retail. they include larger live-work communities in suburban areas, and high- or mid-rise condo communities, also called “vertical developments,” often located in urban settings. mixed-use communities help reduce sprawl and make it desirable to live near downtown dining, shopping, and events.
realmanage has a wealth of experience handling the wide scope of management challenges mixed-use community associations face. your board of directors can rest assured we’ll deliver expert guidance, responsive service, operational excellence, and advanced technology to simplify the management of your mixed-use community and help ensure its success, both now and in the future.
learn more
high-rise communities
high-rise communities offer a unique urban lifestyle, often featuring luxurious amenities and a vibrant social environment that defines the character of the community. the lifestyle structure in a high-rise setting is crucial, bringing residents together through shared spaces and activities that create a sense of connection and excitement. whether your high-rise community boasts rooftop pools, state-of-the-art fitness centers, elegant lobbies, concierge services, resident lounges, or social events, realmanage is committed to maintaining these features at the highest standard of excellence. we ensure your community remains a prestigious and welcoming place for residents to call home.
learn more
active adult
active adult communities traditionally have a resort vacation feel with numerous amenities and social activities. therefore, an active adult lifestyle structure is one of the most important components of the community’s identity and brings together the residents in various activities and organizations. lifestyle creates the excitement and vibrancy needed for a healthy community. whether your community has fitness centers, luxury spas, pools, pickleball, tennis, golf, social clubs, fine dining, or equestrian activities, realmanage is prepared to maintain the lifestyle at the highest standard of excellence. we make the association a place for residents to call home.
learn more
new residential developments
new residential developments require a thoughtful and strategic approach to community management, with a focus on establishing a welcoming and well-structured environment for residents. these communities often feature modern amenities, landscaped common areas, and innovative design elements that set the tone for a vibrant neighborhood. realmanage specializes in supporting new residential developments by ensuring seamless management from the ground up, including efficient operations, tailored services, and exceptional maintenance standards. we work closely with developers and residents to create a thriving community that feels like home from the very beginning.
learn more
onsite communities
onsite community association management provides a full range of dedicated services to oversee and optimize the day-to-day operations of a residential community. this comprehensive management approach handles everything from board and meeting management to promptly addressing resident inquiries.
onsite managers, who typically have an office on the property, make sure the community’s unique needs are effectively met with tailored solutions. from organizing meetings and managing finances to supporting community events and fostering a positive living environment, on-site community association management plays a vital role in enhancing residents’ overall quality of life.
learn more


best-in-class technologybuilt from the ground up, our secure and powerful hoa management software platform enables service and operational excellence.
learn morefull transparencya single login gives you complete transparency, 360-degree operational visibility, on-demand financial reports, streamlined communications — critical for making informed decisions and leading your community more effectively.
learn morelocal expertise,
national strengthtrained and experienced local managers and support teams deliver effective solutions to boost value and lifestyle.
learn more
we’re a certified 2024 great place to work®at realmanage, we know that delivering world-class care to our communities begins at home – with world-class care for our team.

an unbeatable combination: local insights backed by powerful national resourcesat some companies, community management is simply a job.
not at realmanage.
we consider it our mission – and privilege – to enhance the lifestyle and value of every resident and community we serve. furthermore, we take that commitment seriously.
in fact, we’re acclaimed for our highly trained management teams, advanced technology, responsive customer service, and local expertise, all supported by the strength and resources of a national leader.
as such, as your management partner, we’ll expertly handle your operational burden and exceed your expectations. ultimately, this will give you peace of mind that your community’s value, culture, and living experience are in the best possible hands.
view all locationsview all locations
join over 950,000 homes enjoying the realmanage advantagespend less time managing your community & more time enjoying it!
get started





news and company announcementslearn effective hoa management strategies & stay up-to-date with the latest news & best practices.
visit our blog



 
 

realmanage, llc headquarters
6400 international parkway,
suite 1000 plano, tx 75093

resident support: 1-866-473-2573

insurance services: 972-380-3502

monday – friday: 7:30am – 7pm cst

supportboard member help centerhomeowner help centervendor portal help centerclosing portal help centerattorney portal help centerquick linkspay onlinelogin to accountnewscareers​order resale documents
dps:b19240
© 2014 - 2025 •    realmanage  •   all rights reserved   •   designed and developed by realmanage


 
 
page load link

get supportboard member help centerhomeowner help centervendor portal help centerclosing portal help centerattorney portal help center 


search for:











contact info
realmanage, llc headquarters
6400 international parkway,
suite 1000 plano, tx 75093

resident support: 1-866-473-2573

insurance services: 972-380-3502

monday – friday: 7:30am – 7pm cst








go to top




