



	class action lawyers in consumer protection, whistleblower and government wrongdoing, securities cla | krislov law














krislov law










who we are


firm's mission


firm's history


our attorneys


clinton a. krislov


kenneth t. goldstein


matthew g. norgard







practice areas


securities litigation / corporate governance


consumer protection


retiree healthcare


public and private pension benefit protection


whistleblower/qui tam


public interest, constitutional protections


 center for open government / privatization analysis-public private partnerships


wage and hour and employment


privatization analysis





new cases & investigations


new cases


investigations


on-going cases


sybaris clubs international


retiree healthcare


fox v. prime group realty trust


gift cards in bankruptcy







accomplishments


case settlement / recoveries


wrigley rooftops employees


krislovlaw settles with bass pro shops




favorable court decisions


favorable recognition by courts





news & events



faqs



contact us



 















high-stakes class actions on behalf of investors, consumers and taxpayers


 




knowledgable and experienced class action litigators


 




tireless advocates for our clients


 




going "up against the big guys" for over 25 years       chicago tribune 6/13/89


 




 
 
 


































	 

welcome to krislov law

class action laywers asserting consumer, investor and taxpayer rights, whistleblower and public interest cases.

	 

at krislov law we're always interested in hearing from you with injustices to be pursued. call (312-606-0500) or email us at contactus@krislovlaw.com with new cases you think we should look into or if any of the cases we're currently working on involve you. there is no charge for reviewing cases.




erisa retirement plans



is your fiduciary fulfilling their obligations? call 312-606-0500 or email contactus@krislovlaw.com if you have questions or for further information.




uncashed city of chicago checks



krislov law, through a foia request to the city of chicago, uncovered 22,000 uncashed checks, totaling $11 million dating back 22 years. on august 19, 2019, krislov law filed a complaint in the circuit court of cook county against the city of chicago for failing to comply with the illinois uniform disposition of unclaimed property act and the revised uniform unclaimed property act, and attached the list of uncashed checks.  review the complaint and the list to see if you are owed money: 

complaint: thulis v. city of chicago, no. 2019 ch 09581

exhibit:  list of city of chicago uncashed checks





gift cards with bankrupt stores



don't throw out your gift cards with bankrupt stores. your gift cards may have a priority claim in the bankruptcy.  if you have a gift card from any retailer that may go into bankruptcy, we would welcome your call, 312-606-0500 or email:  contactus@krislovlaw.com. 


	 




mutual funds analysis project



did your broker choose the right mutual fund share class?

your broker's choice of shares in the same mutual fund may  have cost you money. we will analyze your shares, advise you of what we think you've lost, and bring an arbitration proceeding if appropriate. if you want us to do this, fax (312-739-1098) or email to us (analysis@krislaw.com) your most recent broker statement, along with your contact information. and, if you have any of the following: 


do you currently know how much you're paying in annual fees? 

what was your original investment time horizon (in years)?

what is your current investment time horizon?

when was the account originally opened?

how much was the original amount invested (approximately)?


any questions?  email:  analysis@krislaw.com




other matters we're looking into




covid19 matters

insurance denials of business interruption claims

price gouging

securities:  pipeline cashout mergers

car rental charges

travel charges by hotels and others





krislov law is a public interest and class action lawfirm which has spent over 35 years fighting corporate and governmental wrongdoing in cases of:



securities class actions and corporate governance for investors



consumer protection class actions



pension and benefit protection against private company employwers (erisa) and public employers



whistleblower / qui tam



public interest, constitutional protections and government wrongdoing



center for open government





report fraud / do i have a case?

if you are interested in discussing any of these issues or if you are aware of any other consumer issues you would like to share, please contact us.





practice areas


securities litigation / corporate governance

consumer protection

public and private pension benefit protection

whistleblower/qui tam

public interest, constitutional protections

center for open government / privatization analysis-public private partnerships

wage and hour and employment
 






information regarding

retiree healthcare litigation

contributions:

click on the following link and contribute to the retiree healthcare warchest by credit card if you like:  https://secure.lawpay.com/pages/krislov-and-associates-ltd/operating

"korshak" retiree healthcare litigation:

retiree healthcare (the korshak/underwood litigation for all city of chicago annuitants):  in litigation dating back to 1987 the city, on may 15, 2013, declared its intention to phase out and end retiree healthcare entirely by the end of 2016.

	we launched the current challenge to that in late 2013.  the case was removed to federal court, dismissed, but reversed and remanded to the circuit court of cook county, illinois.

	on january 31, 2019, we filed the sixth amended class action complaint, asserting claims for lifetime protection under the constitution's art. xiii, section 5 pension protection clause, as well as breach of contract and estoppel. 

the case is being actively pursued to fight for your promised lifetime retiree healthcare benefits.

read more


	recent insights



attention: don’t throw out your gift cards with bankrupt stores! your gift cards may have a priority claim in the bankruptcy.
tuesday, may 5, 2020



					attention:
don’t throw out your gift cards with bankrupt stores!
your gift cards may have a priority...
					read more »



victory in city pension reform litigation!
thursday, march 31, 2016



					illinois supreme court rules that “reform” legislation slashing and deferring statutory increases is...
					read more »



illinois supreme court opinion in kanerva v. weems
friday, july 18, 2014



					on july 3, 2014, the illinois supreme court issued a very clear declaration in the state retirees’ healthcare...
					read more »











			© 2012 krislov & associates, ltd. all rights reserved.

home  |  practice areas  |  new cases & investigations  |  accomplishments
news & events  |  faqs  |  contact us  |  legal disclaimer  |  privacy policy  |  site map



			 




krislov law

				20 north wacker drive, suite 1006
				chicago, il 60606

toll free:  855.263.3025

				tel: 312.606.0500  |  fax: 312.739.1098
				email: mail@krislovlaw.com

 


			photography by ian korer

			website design and website development by americaneagle.com










