




luffa.info - luffa/loofah/luffah/loofa/loufa/luff sponge gourd
      growing and use information










   

find loofahs and seeds   
        grow_luffa    harvesting_luffa   
        blog    photos/videos
           flowers    faq    luffa_links   
        about/contact
 
welcome to luffa.info. here is information, photos and video about the
        amazing luffa sponge gourd.
what is a loofah?
a loofah is a fibrous plant seed pod. the luffa plant is a cucurbit, a
        group of plants including gourds, pumpkins, and cucumbers. it grows as a
        flowering annual vine. the pollinated flowers grow cylindrical green
        fruits that eventually develop into a seed pod filled with many
        intertwined cellulose fibers. the outer skin is removed to reveal the
        "loofah" inside.


 

 sea sponges are members of the animal kingdom. they grow on the sea
        floor and filter food out of the water. the word sponge is often used to
        describe loofah and man made "sponges" with absorbent properties like
        sea sponges.
 luffa sponge gourds have many names, both common and scientific. they
        are known as loofah, smooth loofah, loofah sponge, loofa, luffa, loufa,
        loufah, luffah, sponge gourd, chinese okra, elephant okra, dishrag
        gourd, towel gourd, and other common names in many different languages.
        the scientific name for the plant i grow is luffa aegyptiaca. it may
        also be known as luffa cylindrica.
 there are other cultivated fiber-producing species within the luffa
        genus including luffa acutangula and luffa operculata. angled luffa or
        ridged luffa are common names for acutangula. luffa operculata is known
        as the ball luffa or sponge cucumber. humans have propagated these
        cultivated plants across the tropical to temperate regions of the earth.
      
luffa fiber is a green renewable resource with many uses. i have been
        growing and enjoying natural homegrown luffa fiber since the 1990s here
        in carter county tennessee.
        i switched to organic growing methods in the 21st century.
uses for luffa/loofah sponges
when fully matured the fruits become a tough mass of fiber that makes a
        great scrubbing sponge. these natural cellulose fiber wonders of the
        vegetable world have many uses. they can exfoliate loose cells from your
        skin and make you squeaky clean or shine up your dirty dishes. loofahs
        are most excellent in the bath or shower. the exfoliating action leaves
        your skin feeling the cleanest and tightest it could possibly be.
        scrubbing your back with a luffa sponge in the bath or shower is an
        incredibly pleasurable experience. soap and luffa fibers are a natural
        cleaning combination resulting in wonderful loofah soap. home and
        professional artisan craft soap makers include slices of luffa fiber in
        their creations to add an extra cleaning boost to their soaps. a loofah
        section can be placed in a cylindrical mold, filled with soap, cured,
        and sliced. shredded or powdered luffa fibers can also be mixed into a
        soap base before pouring into a mold.
luffa sponges are great for washing items like large pots and other
        containers. i use them for cleaning almost everything, including cars,
        boats, plastic buckets, and anything that needs scrubbed but can't
        withstand steel wool. non stick cookware is one example.
a large loofah or a smaller piece on a handle or rope makes a great
        back scratcher. they can be cut into many shapes for scrubbing pads,
        padding, and other craft uses. the loofahs can be cut lengthwise with
        the core removed to make sheets of sponge material. these sheets of
        luffa material can be sewn into items like table hot pads, sandals, bath
        mats, hats, or anything else you can imagine.
a piece of loofah can be used to apply paint for artistic effect. it
        can also impart texture to painted walls or plaster. place the long side
        into a paint pan with paint barely covering the bottom. rub excess paint
        off the loofah on newspaper or cardboard. the best effect is achieved
        with the smallest amount of paint. too much and it looks like a blob.
        simply push on to the surface and lift straight off. the final result
        may resemble a wallpaper pattern.
luffa fiber is a green alternative to rock wool as a root medium in
        hydroponic plant growing systems. it is environmentally friendly and may
        be produced on site by the grower. the fibers work well to maintain
        proper moisture levels for seedling growth. it's another amazing luffa
        application that someone told me about.
the luffa buds, flowers, and soft young fruits are cooked and eaten
        like squash or okra. i sometimes eat small luffa fruits when in season
        but disclaim any legal responsibility for any bad reactions anyone might
        have from consuming luffa. eat at your own risk. those with
        sensitivities to certain foods should proceed with caution. unknown
        allergy potential. that said, millions of people around the world eat
        parts of the plant. luffa has been an important food source in many
        cultures. the tough fibrous vines are not edible, but leaves and roots
        may be eaten by some people depending how bitter they are. sap in the
        luffa vines and leaves contains a bitter compound with a musky smell
        that seems to repel insects and animals. it can have a bitterness
        similar to that sometimes found in cucumbers, a close plant relative
        also in the cucurbitaceae family.
the edible size fruits taste something like a cross between a zucchini
        and a cucumber. some luffa varieties may produce fruits that are too
        bitter to eat. peeling the skin off reduces bitterness but is not
        usually necessary. if it tastes bad, don't eat it. the many varieties
        we've grown have all tasted good to us, with some being better than
        others. many commonly cultivated varieties are edible. luffa of several
        different species are consumed by people around the world, especially in
        asia and africa. edible luffa can sometimes be found in markets with
        asian style vegetables. i like them sliced in a stir-fry or just sauteed
        in a little olive oil. seasoning with a dash of soy sauce and cayenne
        pepper makes a tasty appetizer. the big yellow flowers have a crunchy
        green flavor similar to celery or cucumber. luffa flowers make a
        colorful and unique salad.
luffa, like many plants, contains a variety of substances. parts of the
        plant and seeds have been used for the medicinal properties. powdered
        luffa fibers have been an ingredient in traditional chinese herbal
        medicine. one egyptian study found the seeds of luffa reduced blood
        glucose levels in animals. more medicinal references can be found on the
        links page.
large whole loofahs are a conversation starter. people tend to find
        them very interesting and useful. some of the loofah sponges end up as
        gifts for family and friends. i sell the rest to an artisan soap maker.
        if you are looking for loofahs or seeds you can find them at the sources
        i have listed on the luffa sources page.

care and maintenance of luffa sponges
new unused luffa fiber can be stored for years if it is kept dry. it
        needs to be covered where dust won't settle on the surface. working
        luffa sponges will last a surprisingly long time if they are allowed to
        dry between uses, usually a few months. when they stay wet all the time
        they tend to deteriorate more. hanging on a hook or placing on end may
        help your loofah to dry. a luffa sponge can hold some dirt and should
        not be used for different purposes. if you scrub your cooking grill with
        it, then don't use it on your skin. it is probably difficult to fully
        sterilize a loofah. enough heat applied long enough would do it but
        might damage the luffa fibers. a short soak in a mild bleach solution
        gets close, certainly killing off a vast majority of surface germs. a
        wash with antibacterial hand soap should quickly remove many germs too.
        the acidity of vinegar can clean out a lot of bacteria in a loofah.
        sunlight can help keep your loofah in top shape by drying it faster and
        irradiating the surface with natural ultraviolet light. the drying uv
        rays will make it harder for germs, mold, or mildew to grow.
 some commercial luffa sponges are a light color from being bleached.
        natural mature sponges can be any shade of dark brown to bright white in
        color. most loofahs are fine in their natural state without any
        bleaching. if you want to lighten luffa fibers, they can be soaked in a
        weak chlorine bleach solution for about an hour or so. some commercial
        growers may also use a hydrogen peroxide or caustic solution. bleaching
        them for too long can weaken the fibers. bleached sponges may look
        better for commerce. they are cleaner and less likely to contain insects
        or other organic matter. green and/or dark stained luffa can benefit
        from bleaching. exposure to sunlight can also lighten the color but not
        as dramatically as bleach. leaving them in the sun for a day gives the
        loofah a rougher slightly scratchier feel. leaving a loofah outside for
        longer periods will tend to break down the fibers.
luffa varieties
some garden varieties of luffa are coarser, less dense, and more
        flexible than the thicker pieces of commercial loofah. they are
        typically hardy fast growing types that give the average gardener a
        better chance at success than the high fiber ones. the commercial loofah
        is grown for consistent size and fiber density. most are grown in a hot
        climate and have the benefit of a long growing season. denser loofah is
        better for uses that require strength and durability. a less dense
        loofah is often flexible and more easily molded into things like luffa
        soap. any loofah can be made more flexible by getting it wet. the
        thickness and number of the individual fibers can vary greatly among
        loofahs. a hard or soft sponge can have thin or thick fibers. usually
        the more fiber, the stiffer the loofah, but finer fibers can result in
        more flexibility. there are also varieties that are grown primarily for
        eating and these may produce less fiber. luffa can cross pollinate with
        nearby vines so it might be difficult to grow different varieties
        together. whatever characteristics the luffa have, they can be altered
        somewhat by careful selection of the seeds. the plants have a lot of
        natural variability among different plants grown from the same seeds and
        even between luffa pods grown on the same vine. one vine could grow
        several different sizes and shapes.
 i started with a typical garden variety and kept saving the best
        seeds. over time, the quality and quantity of the sponges improved. i
        saved seeds from the earliest large sponges with good fiber. after a few
        seasons, they were arriving sooner and larger. i tried growing seeds
        from many sources and did find some thicker fiber that would still reach
        maturity in this climate. generally the higher the density of the fiber,
        the longer it takes to reach maturity.
 luffa pods can grow arrow straight, slightly curved, or very curved.
        one luffa variety grows very short and wide sponges. these are typically
        used for pot scrubbers. another type, grown more often for food,
        produces extremely thin long fruits. seeds from straight ones tend to
        grow more straight ones, but a few curved ones usually appear. the
        curved ones make good back scratchers in the shower. when small, the
        fruits are very flexible and will conform to whatever shape they are
        against. this can result in some unusual shapes. loofahs can also be
        much wider on one or both ends, usually the bottom.
 the ridged or angled luffa (luffa acutangula) is a different species
        of luffa. it produces a coarse fiber and is mostly used as a food crop.
        it can be identified by the pronounced ridges that run along the skin
        lengthwise. it tends to be thinner, bent or curved, and more elongated
        than the luffa aegyptiaca. edible luffa found in markets is probably
        more often acutangula than the aegyptiaca species. luffa acutangula is
        also commonly known as patola in the tagalog language of the
        philippines. luffa foetida is another scientific name for the angled
        luffa.
 the ball luffa or sponge cucumber (luffa operculata) is another
        cultivated species. it is native to south america and produces rounded
        sponge pods with a spiky exterior skin. the other luffa species,
        including aegyptiaca and acutangula, are natives of asia or africa. they
        have been cultivated in the middle east since ancient times.


 
 
growing your own luffa sponges
growing your own loofahs is fun and rewarding. the plants are quite
        vigorous once they get established. they grow on vines that can reach 30
        feet(9m) in length. a strong supporting trellis is a must. chain link
        fence and lattice works great. the more support points the better. the
        fruits get very heavy. luffa can be grown as a ground vine but it must
        be a weedless well drained area. the pods will tend to grow curved and
        deformed but may still get large. luffa can often survive in partial
        shade with some direct sunlight but grow better in full sun. in a very
        hot dry climate they will need some watering as they tend to wilt if it
        gets too dry. yearly rainfall here is typically 50 inches (127 cm) and
        the vines don't normally need extra water after the roots have
        developed. if the leaves are wilting noticeably they may need additional
        water.
luffa plants grow as an annual with subtropical growth characteristics.
        they need a long hot growing season. places like the us gulf coast and
        much of the southern us are plenty hot. starting the plants indoors may
        work for cooler climates. i live around 36 degrees north latitude at
        1700 ft (520m) altitude, usda zone 7a. find your zone here. my outdoor
        season is long enough to produce some mature sponges planted outside
        from seed but later ones are often lost to frost. starting them indoors
        and moving them outside after the last frost normally gives us a few
        more loofahs in the fall. planting directly into the ground is almost as
        good for my location. one year cool weather stunted the transplanted
        seedlings while seeds i planted in the ground sprouted and surpassed the
        older plants. warm weather is necessary for growth. germination rates
        may be slightly lower for outside plantings. putting the seeds in a
        moist environment before planting helps increase germination rates.
        there can be a lot of variability in the time needed for germination. it
        could be 3 days or over 3 weeks! usually it is about 7 to 10 days in
        ideal conditions. the drier and harder the seeds are, the longer they
        take to germinate.
the time it takes for luffa growth, flowering, and maturity can vary
        widely between plants. it usually requires around 160 days or more, but
        it could be anywhere from 130 to 220 days or more. some of the sources
        on the luffa links page also have botanical and growing information.
the small seedlings grow slowly while the roots become established.
        once they begin to make a vine the increase in growth rate is
        phenomenal. after 1 to 2 months of growing, the flower clusters appear.
        the flowers bloom in an orderly progression as the vine lengthens.
        typically there is a larger solitary female flower on a thick stem and a
        thinner stem with a cluster of male flowers. when the vines are
        blooming, the bright yellow flowers attract many pollen gathering
        creatures including butterflies, ants, and bees. bumblebees love luffa
        flowers and will travel great distances to reach them. ants enjoy
        cruising all over the vines and cause little or no harm while assisting
        in pollination. some female flowers will wilt and fall off while the
        pollinated ones will form a luffa seed pod. the male flowers fall off
        after they bloom in sequence up the stalk. the bright yellow flowers are
        quite pretty and abundant. see the luffa photos for some examples.
when the flowers get pollinated, slender cucumber-like vegetables
        appear. the fruits stay soft until the skin thickens. then the fiber and
        seeds begin to form. the vines continue to grow and produce new fruits
        while the older loofah pods mature. they can be harvested whenever they
        feel ready. the earlier ones can be picked while the vine is still
        growing. typically they turn a yellow/brown color and become lighter in
        weight from drying out. mature luffa pods can be any color from green to
        nearly black. very small sponges can be mature and very large ones may
        not be ready. size and color doesn't matter much. the important thing is
        that they start to lose water weight. time to maturity varies
        considerably as the sponges are picked from early september to late
        november. the last of the loofahs are harvested after a frost occurs and
        the vines quickly die off. the more mature they are, the better the
        sponge fiber quality. some smaller ones may mature more quickly yielding
        a small soft sponge good for washing delicate skin.
harvesting and preparing luffa sponges
when the loofahs are ready for harvest they can be peeled. the skin
        loses green color and becomes looser when mature. the mature sponges
        begin to dry and lose water weight. if the sponges have reached full
        growth and feel light, they will be ready to peel. if they are green,
        the loofah may contain some fiber but be much harder to peel. if it
        falls apart when you try to peel, it doesn't have enough fiber and is
        not mature enough.
 it is always best to peel them as soon as possible if the vine has
        died. the longer the skin stays on, the darker the sponges will get.
        peeling greener luffa is difficult but can be done if needed. throwing
        the loofah at the ground is one trick. it's good exercise for relieving
        your stress too. the bad ones will break apart, while the good ones will
        crack and loosen the skin. letting the luffa pods freeze and thaw once
        on the vine also makes them easier to peel.
if they have matured they are usually easy to get open. getting them
        wet or soaking in water may help the opening process but is optional.
        after peeling, high water pressure from a hose sprayer can remove much
        of the remaining green and brown coloration. wash them well, squeeze out
        excess water, lay out to dry, rotate occasionally as the water settles
        in the lower side. placing them outside in the sun and wind dries them
        quickly. the sun also tends to lighten the color. hanging or placing the
        loofahs on a screen works well for drying too.
if they are stained, a soak in some bleach and water will lighten them
        considerably. a wet harvest season tends to cause more decay and brown
        spots in the sponges. one year an unusually dry fall yielded loofahs
        that were very light in color, an almost fluorescent white, while late
        wet weather sponges can be very dark. getting all the seeds out can be a
        challenge, but the drier the sponges are, the easier the seeds will fall
        out. save the best ones for next year. you can also cut open the sponges
        in any shape you want to remove seeds or make a loofah fiber mat
seeds should be allowed to dry enough so they won't rot or mold and
        then stored in a cool place. refrigerate or freeze in a sealed airtight
        container for long term storage. we've had reports of seeds as old as
        ten years still germinating. if the seeds are allowed to get too hot and
        dry they become hard. some hard seeds can still germinate but may take a
        month to sprout.
find loofahs and seeds   
        grow_luffa    harvesting_luffa   
        blog    photos   
        flowers    faq   
        luffa_links    about/contact   
        privacy    
copyright â© luffa.info





