




home | melvin weinstein parkinson's foundation






















































































our story 
apply for help 
testimonials 
recent news 
contact 
make a donation 















community, connection and care 
							 


live beyond limits 
							 


strength in every stride 
							 









  carrying on a legacymelvin weinstein continued his charitable contribution despite being afflicted with the debilitating and devastating parkinson's disease. our organization is named to thank him, honor him and carry on his philanthropic legacy. in memory of melvin weinstein and all people who have lost their lives to parkinson's disease, we vow to continue to provide assistance to individuals courageously battling this degenerative neurological disease as they face potentially devastating financial distress.  until the cure… easing the burdenmany people with parkinson’s require constant care, specialized equipment and services to effectively manage their disease. with limited insurance coverage, a substantial portion of required expenses are left to be paid out of pocket. for many individuals, it is nearly impossible to keep up with the costs. the melvin weinstein parkinson's foundation purchases equipment and supplies necessary for parkinson’s patients to sustain a safe and healthy environment and preserve their self-esteem and dignity.  support the cause!helping our clients relies on support from individuals and businesses throughout the country.  donations to the melvin weinstein parkinson's foundation help to continue our mission and to aid our clients in any way that we can.
your donation will help financially challenged parkinson's patients receive the supplies and equipment they need.
click here to learn how you can donate. 

generous support of the activities of the melvin weinstein parkinson's foundation is provided by the edmond j. safra foundation.  



donate today

generous donations from individuals like you help us continue our mission of giving!


 











copyright © 2023 melvin weinstein parkinson's foundation   privacy policy



emailtwitterlike us on facebook!instagram

























