













 
shop, sell, or get pawn loans fast - ezpawn

































skip to content
skip to nav



ezpawnmenusite navloanback to loan menuhow pawn workswhat can i pawn?shopback to shop menushop in storeshop with confidenceproduct protection plansellpromotionsour storyfind a locationcareersmy account


pawn - shop - sellproviding easy cash solutions for millions of valued customers since 1974.find a locationexplore our categorieswe are here for you! have a cash need or are looking for a deal?we have all the cash you need. obtaining a loan on one item or several items is fast and easy. items are evaluated and appraised at the store.need a smart tv, tablet or camera? what about a high-end handbag or quality watch for a fraction of the retail price? our stores have a variety of items and part of the fun is the treasure hunt. come see us!contact your local store to get a loan estimate for your item before visiting the store!find a locationlook up your loan? can’t make it into the store on time? ez+ can help.ez+ is a digital app to manage your pawn loans on your smartphone. with the ez+ app, you can extend your loan (where available) and manage payments, all in the palm of your hand.view my loans onlinein stores this weekget cash!see promotionhave you heard?now you can earn ez points  when you shop, sell & pawnconvert those points into  store credit & start saving!find a location near you to earn points and start saving.find a locationour serviceswe offer a variety of services to make your life a little easier.pawnpawn loans are a quick and hassle-free way to access the cash you need. our business is regulated and reputable and our team works hard to offer the highest dollar amount possible on any item you have of value. remember, no credit necessary.how does pawn work?shopezpawn is a great place to pick up a great deal on a broad range of unique items. you can expect to find significant savings over regular retail prices on pre-owned, brand name merchandise. we also offer payment options and a product protection plan.shop in-storesellnot interested in a pawn loan but would still like to convert items around your house into quick cash? selling them is always an option. so avoid the hassle of online classified ads or garage sales and bring your items in for a free appraisal by our professional staff. what can i sell?we are here for you! have a cash need or are looking for a deal?we have all the cash you need. obtaining a loan on one item or several items is fast and easy. items are evaluated and appraised at the store.need a smart tv, tablet or camera? what about a high-end handbag or quality watch for a fraction of the retail price? our stores have a variety of items and part of the fun is the treasure hunt. come see us!contact your local store to get a loan estimate for your item before visiting the store!find a locationpawn and shop with usa wide variety of brands and unique items you want at the prices you can afford.find out morecheck out our beautiful selection of watches and jewelry!from everyday styles to special occasions, we have an incredible variety of high-quality watches and jewelry at very affordable prices. treat a loved one (or yourself!) to a special piece and add that extra sparkle. whether there’s an upcoming anniversary or birthday, or you simply want to express your personal style, we have a huge selection of classic and timeless pieces to choose from.electronicsfrom smartphones and smart tvs to gaming consoles and office equipment like laptops, tablets, and monitors, we have a large selection of brand name electronics there for your choosing.firearmswe offer a wide selection of firearms from shotguns, rifles and handguns. our in-store experts are ready to assist you whether you're a first time buyer or avid collector, we've got you covered.**not available in all locationspower toolsfrom helping with housework and doing small chores to taking on a big diy project, we have a wide variety of power tools to take care of all your needs around the house or on the job. shop with confidencewe work hard to ensure that all our merchandise is in good condition and that there are no unwelcome surprises. plus we’re always upfront about the condition of our merchandise and have in-store expertise to help guide you when buying pre-owned items. we also offer affordable programs to protect your purchase or investment.layawaylayaway is a great way to lock in what you want at today’s low prices. (it also helps you to avoid those sky-high credit card interest rates.) with only 10% down you’ll get easy-to-afford payments and ensure you never miss out on a great deal. you make payments over time and pick up your items once you’ve made your final payment.find out moreproduct protection planprotect your purchases and rest easy with our product protection plan. for a small cost, you can have confidence in your purchase of items like computers, audio/video equipment and other merchandise. with our product protection plan, you can shop with confidence.find out morejewelry vip programour jewelry vip program is a great way to give yourself the option to swap your jewelry purchase without worrying about a loss. that’s because when you join the program, you’re eligible for 100% trade-in value on future jewelry purchases.find out morereuse & recyclewhen you bring in an item to sell or when you come in to purchase a pre-owned item, you’re doing a good thing for the environment.that’s because when you reuse and recycle in this way, you’re reducing pressure on our landfills, cutting out all the resources – both material and power – that goes into manufacturing something new. of course in addition to helping to save the environment, you’re also saving your money.testimonialsvery great customer service! everyone who works here is friendly! i will continue to come back!”my experience here at this store it's been pretty good, i have been helped and attended first class, and i always get the best deals.”very good customer service. everyone so attentive with me every time i've come. i've been a customer for almost 15 years.”10/10 high recommended. i love the customer services even on busy days you don’t feel like your being ignored or treated with attitudes.”their staff is friendly and knowledgeable whether your buying or selling. i would do business with them anytime.”our family of brandsezcorp is proud to serve you under the brands listed below.the company began operations in 1974 in austin, texas as ezpawn and rentals.formed with 16 pawn stores in 1989, ezcorp has grown into a leading provider of pawn loans in the united states and latin america.find out more

find an ezpawn location near youfind a locationezpawnpawnhow pawn workswhat can i pawn?shopshop in storelayawayproduct protection planjewelry vip programsellwhat you can sellezpawnaboutcareerscontactsell your pawnshopfaqspress and newsblogsitemapfollow usinstagramtwitterfacebook
			pawn transactions are based on the appraised value of the item presented. item appraisal and the amount offered are determined at the sole discretion of the pawnbroker. for example, a pawn transaction of an item appraised at $120.00 has a maturity date of one month from the transaction date and requires the repayment of the loan amount plus 20% or $24.00 in fees for a total repayment of $144.00, apr varies by state, if the customer wishes to redeem their item.
		privacy policyterms & conditionsez + rewards terms and conditionscopyright © 2025 ezcorp









