




 





bi-tech: providing innovative computer solutions since 1981








































home
services
products
showcase
blog
contact













site navagation




















bi-tech
innovative computing solutions
providing services since 1981.










remote & onsite support
consulting & network analysis
internet, web services & ip telephony systems










notebooks
servers
complete systems






















welcome to bi-tech.net - we offer professional services for all of your technical needs.
if you are already a customer and are in need of immediate support, click our remote support button to begin a remote support session.




 









it services

from designing & installing to supporting your electronic environment we offer our full spectrum of services.









products

servers, notebooks & desktop systems, peripherals for all your needs, all competitively priced.









system support

support is at the core of bi-tech's long list of services.  we build the systems we support so we know them inside and out.









web services

from domain purchasing to hosting services as well as web design and marketing, our team can get you going or take your site to the next level.














recent projects


next
prev













gm family dental opens a new location!










we redesigned bi-tech.net










redundant failover cluster implementation












welcome new client, radio boss!










newly redesigned automatic home systems website










newly redesigned rodelco usa website













let us help you grow your company
by getting the most out of your technology.




contact us today!



news from our blog:












                                "information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. i don't think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other." - bill gates
                            















bi-tech

                                            bi-tech enterprises, inc. is a leader in network service with over 20 years experience. we bring our collected knowledge and experience to every project we work on.
                     					

                                            we provide superior support for your company. with on-site & remote technical support our professional staff will keep your company up and productive.
                                        

																					with today's internet connectivity all computers and networks are vulnerable to viruses and malware. top notch protection for your computers and network is essential. we provide anti-virus protection installation and maintenance at the highest level of protection available.

																							we are a full service internet provider offering domain registration, web hosting, custom web design, e-commerce, search engine optimization and a comprehensive list of internet marketing tools & services.
																					



recent tweets:
tweets by bitechent 


our mailing list helps keep you up to date with the latest bi-tech news

join our mailing list



stay in touch

facebook
twitter
linkedin









                                    copyright â© 2017 by bi-tech
                                

home
services
products
blog













