


home - little chicken game company














































toggle menu



 



home
games
news & blog
about us

little chicken
jobs
our team
presskits


contact
 

 

 

 







 

home
games
news & blog
about us

little chicken
jobs
our team
presskits


contact
 





moonlight peakstraffic jamsbirthplacerescue wings!rekttrack labshadow gameshadow's edgeblitz gtrekt carsmoonlight peaks





        moonlight peaks      

experience life as a vampire in moonlight peaks! master the art of potion-making and spell-casting, tend to your supernatural farm, and make your mark on the magical town. befriend the local werewolves, witches and mermaids, and maybe even find eternal love along the way! embrace the immortal life of a vampire: step into the shoes […]

 





        rekt party      

skate your ride! pull off epic tricks, stack insane combos, and smash those high scores. jump into multiplayer and flex your skills in tons of party game modes. stunts and tricks perform aerial flips, barrel rolls, loops, grinds and drifting in this love letter to tony hawk pro skater, rush and gymkhana. combine tricks, increase […]

 





        traffic jams      

put on your vr goggles and live life on the crossroads. become danny, the worlds worst traffic controller.

 





        birthplace      

an exciting mobile game in which you’ll restore the rainforest and bring back the animals.
meanwhile, the game gives back by supporting real world reforesting projects!

 





        rescue wings!      

dive your fire fighting airplane down into the various pools to scoop up water in order to put out an increasing number of fires in a series of levels that get harder and harder. 

 





        rekt!      

ever wanted to kickflip a car? get behind the wheel in this high octane stunt driving game and get rekt!

 

 
see all our games 




 




 



we create games
little chicken game company develops and publishes games. we create and publish our own projects as well as work with publishers, platform holders and other partners.  about us








 



meet the chickens
 the people designing and creating our games are the core of little chicken. production and design is not just about having the perfect idea or the perfect visual. meet the crew









news & blog
 





 


        business, games, updates      

        xseed games / marvelous to publish moonlight peaks 


 




 


        games, updates      

        moonlight peaks decorating demo is out! 


 




 


        awards, events, games, nominations      

        traffic jams wins dutch game award! 


 




 


        events, games, nominations      

        traffic jams wins cinekid award for best game/app 


 




 


        business, updates      

        we’ve moved offices 


 




 


        business, games, nominations, updates      

        birthplace featured in ad (dutch only) 


 

load more 






 


 


little chicken game company
tolstraat 127
1074 vj amsterdam
tel: +31 20 620 29 70
info@littlechicken.nl





 

 

 







