
























home | college of engineering









      skip to main content
    







menu


college of engineering






























open search




search












    quick links
    +




apply


alumni


intranet for faculty & staff


directory


give to engineering









main navigation (extended config)



          about






          strategic vision






          next level research





next level research awards




next level education



          next level community





awards and recognition







          leadership





dean's executive committee





          departments





biological and agricultural engineering


biomedical engineering


chemical engineering


civil and environmental engineering


computer science


electrical and computer engineering


materials science and engineering


mechanical and aerospace engineering




faculty honors/awards


facilities



          safety





safety training and learning tips


safety faqs





          connect with us





directory



          visit





360 virtual tour






careers





          admissions






          undergraduate






          majors and minors





abet




transfer admission resources





          graduate





graduate programs


application faq


funding your degree


equity program




youth outreach





          student experience






          undergraduate






          newly admitted students





aggie advising for first year students


aggie advising for transfer students





          academic advising





degree requirements


international advising


forms


mandatory advising


advisors



          advising faqs





minimum progress faq


passed/not passed (p/np) policy info


student computer recommendations






advising faqs


avenuee program


leadr support program


honors and awards


engineering monthly





          graduate






          current students





advising and coaching support




degree requirements


graduate advising contacts


honors and awards


how curious!





          student life






          clubs and teams





usrso





          engineering ambassadors





engineering ambassadors tours & live chats




engineers week


commencement



          picnic day





picnic day 2023


picnic day 2024




engineering design showcase




student spotlights


e-search


student startup center





          research





revolutionizing energy systems


strengthening climate resilience


transforming mobility


advancing human health


expert directory





          alumni






          about our alumni





alumni spotlights




attend an event



          get involved





distinguished engineering alumni medal (deam)


gold board




alumni network news



          give to engineering





crowdfund uc davis




resources





          industry





industry partners


sponsored research


connect with students


corporate branding opportunities


use research facilities





          diversity & inclusion





engineering an inclusive future


department efforts


programs, centers and organizations





          news





engineering progress magazine


news bytes


in the news


upcoming events





























 













apply









visit









student experience









advising









events









give











engineering a better world for all
with next level research, education and community.


we are creating a sustainable world through socially responsible engineering, inspiring education and transformative research. we connect people and technology to solve the world’s most pressing problems, design a better tomorrow and make a positive difference in the world. 


about us
next level strategic vision











what's trending




 

setting the tableuc davis engineers are investigating new ways to feed a growing population, from fungus-grown jerky to cultivated beef and sustainable systems for wine and coffee.
 

with ai, a new “metabolic watchdog” takes diabetes care from burden to balancean ai-driven solution for diabetes management could be a game changer for young adults living with the chronic disease.
 

dean’s download: discussing the promise of aidean richard l. corsi sits down with professor of computer science ian davidson and professor of electrical and computer engineering chen-nee chuah to discuss the current and near-future roles of artificial intelligence and its real and anticipated implications for society.




more news












 



majors and minors








 



graduate programs











upcoming  events






 




ask a peer - social event

feb 18, 2025

kemper lobby





 




pizza with professors

feb 18, 2025

ghausi lobby







 




club fair

feb 18, 2025

kemper lobby





 




get in the zone with ewb

feb 19, 2025

kemper 1007







more events












explore departments


the uc davis college of engineering is home to eight departments dedicated to creating a sustainable world through socially responsible engineering.







 










meet students


students at the uc davis college of engineering impact a wide-ranging field of areas in energy, aerospace, transportation, computer science, medicine and more.







 










join the team


join our team! be part of the uc davis college of engineering.







 













more  engineering news




 

sparking change in wildfire researchfebruary 14, 2025



 

visualizing and communicating ambiguity for high-stakes collaboration february 13, 2025



 

how a uc davis research center is changing the world of coffeefebruary 12, 2025



 

the intersection of human health and animal welfare: in conversation with biomedical engineering graduate student janet kwon february 11, 2025





all recent news











 




diversity, equity and inclusion


at the uc davis college of engineering, we’ve invested in specific efforts to increase the participation of women and underrepresented minorities in engineering and help them flourish. 


learn more











news bytes




 
alum receives csu award for outstanding faculty innovator in student successcivil and environmental engineering alum kimberly stillmaker, m.s. ’13, ph.d. ’16, an associate professor of civil and geomatics engineering at csu fresno, received a csu wang family excellence award for her work as the director of the foundation for success program, which aims to improve outcomes for first- and second-year engineering students.
 
simon bare receives 2025 acs division awardthe catalysis science and technology division of the american chemical society has chosen simon bare, a uc davis adjunct professor of chemical engineering and distinguished scientist at slac national accelerator laboratory, to receive the 2025 award for exceptional achievements.
 
artificial intuition at the exploratoriumwatch a discussion about different ways to align machines with our social and natural values among a panel of experts, including assistant professor christina harvey and associate professor zhaodan kong, both of mechanical and aerospace engineering.




more bytes


































uc davis college of engineering
kemper hall
undergraduate and advising office
engugrad@ucdavis.edu
(530) 752-1979




your gift can make a world of difference.
give to engineering
show your #aggieengineer pride.
order college of engineering merchandise.





            follow us
    












































university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.











