










air filtration systems & air quality improvement solutions | acs, inc.

















skip to content






 (800) 878-5030



 request a quote 






menu



 home 

products

air filtration systems
vehicle exhaust removal systems
garage exhaust removal systems
fume extraction arms
welding booths
portable fume extractors
downdraft tables
commercial & industrial ducting
dust collector cartridge filters
air filters / furnace filters
vehicle exhaust hoses
exhaust blowers / fans




brands we represent

blue ox air cleaners
clarcor
clark filter
cleanleaf
crushproof hose

fume-a-vent
fumextractors
nordfab ducting
purolator air filters
smokeeters



applications

welding fumes & smoke
vehicle exhaust
general air quality improvement
sanding & finishing
wood dust collection
odor control
smoke removal
soldering fume control
diesel exhaust removal
dyno testing
powder & bulk material dust
dry dust control




our company

about us
blog
case studies


contact us 







providing solutions for commercial & industrial air quality since 1979


       
    






improve your air quality!
what we do
improving the air quality in your workplace can lower injury risks, reduce sick days, and minimize the probability of equipment malfunction — leading to increased production rates and employee morale.
air cleaning specialists, inc. has achieved global recognition as a solutions provider of air quality solutions by providing engineered design, developing superior products, and representing reputable brands. our dedication to excellence has helped businesses worldwide establish safe and compliant clean air work environments.
 learn more about who we are 



consult with us
if you’re interested in partnering with us, becoming a vendor, or if you’d like to learn more about improving your commercial or industrial air quality, get in touch with our specialists.
our team looks forward to helping you achieve the greatest advantage from improving indoor air quality.
 schedule a consultation 







applications





welding fumes and smoke






vehicle exhaust removal





general air quality improvement





wood dust collection





replacement dust collector filters





sanding and finishing





dry dust





powders





machining process mist / smoke removal





soldering fumes








our products







air filtration systems
 explore our systems 









welding booths
 explore weld booths 









downdraft tables
 explore downdrafts 









industrial ducting
 explore duct solutions 









vehicle exhaust systems
 explore exhaust solutions 









blowers / fans
 explore exhaust fans 









exhaust hoses
 explore exhaust hoses 









fume arms
 explore fume arms 









replacement filters
 explore dust filters 












testimonials







after working with air cleaning specialists to design and complete my duct install, i did a start-up of the dust collector and ran each machine. the system is nice and quiet without any leaks. thanks again for all of your help! i'm very happy with the quality of air in my woodshop.


jay t.
- jay tuttle woodshop 









we converted an old shop into a 4-bay auto repair garage. air cleaning specialists listened to our needs, designed a system, and provided us with all of the parts for thousands less than comparable systems. we couldn't be more happy with the end result.


ken g.
- hollywood motor co. 









the difference in the air quality is amazing! our employees and regular customers noticed an immediate change. because of air cleaning specialists, we have new guests that come in daily and stay as a result of the comfort of clean air.


chris
- the tinder box 






























call us today -or- request a quote! request a quote











 11088 gravois industrial court st. louis, mo 63128 
 info@aircleaningspecialists.com
  (800) 878-5030


  facebook
 linkedin
case studies











 copyright © 2025 air cleaning specialists, inc.


terms & conditions















fume-a-vent simple drop system video transcript


connecting the fume-a-vent simple drop system to the vehicle exhaust tailpipe is as easy as 1 2 3. number 1 - release the rope clip to lower the lifting elbow. number 2 - disconnect the lifting elbow from the rope clip. number 3 - remove the red plug from the tailpipe adapter. and connect it to the tailpipe. to disconnect and store the system simply reverse the process. disconnect, insert the red plug into the tailpipe adapter, connect the lifting elbow to the hanging rope clip, pull the rope, and connect it to the eye hook.



close












