




::: larry t. smith bible studies :::











 home

  bible
studies

 media

 bookstore

 mission

 contact
us

 links

 bible prophecy videos 


 rightly dividing the word videos 


 godhead videos 


 revelatory videos 




     









 

















home of the ministry of
larry
t. smith



apostle larry t. smith 
see our new menu item to the left, linking you tovideo sermons by larry t. smith!you can also connect to those sermons by clicking here. 
get larry t. smith's newest book today!
click here




 

bible prophecy / kingdom eschatology series

pastor larry t. smith's rightly dividing the word of bible prophecy series will enrich your soul and strengthen your
spirit.  this series will open up the true meaning of bible prophecy by letting the bible interpret the bible so
that by the time you have gone through the book and every video lesson any confusion you may have had on these subjects
will be explained in a way that makes all 66 books in the word of god - from genesis to revelation - come together to
fit into one unrefutable truth.  taking the time to go through these lessons will bless you immensely.  
larry t. smith is pleased to now offer this useful information for free - just click on each link below to be taken
directly to each lesson.  you may also order this material from our  
online bookstore.

start with this book
the coming of the lord, the last days and the end of the world (book)
spanish
spanish coming of the lord book 
dutch
dutch coming of the lord book 
next watch this video series in order
(follow along with notes in the teacher's guides (open in new window)

t 1 - the coming of the lord, the last days and the end of the world (video)
(guide)
2 - the true israel of god - part one (video) 
(guide)
3 - the true israel of god - part two (video) 
(guide)
4 - daniel's 70th week (video)
(guide)
5 - the great tribulation (video)
(guide)
6 - the real babylon the great (video)
(guide)
7 - the book of revelation - part one (video)
(guide)
8 - the book of revelation - part two (video)
(guide)
9 - identifying the four beasts and the two witnesses (video)
(guide)

spanish
spanish the coming of the lord teacher's guide 
spanish the true israel of god teacher's guide 
spanish the 70th week of daniel teacher's guide 
spanish the great tribulation teacher's guide 
spanish the real babylon the great teacher's guide 
spanish the book of revelation 1 and 2 teacher's guide 
spanish identifying the four beasts teacher's guide 

rightly dividing the word bible study

larry t. smith's rightly dividing the word two-day home bible study is renowned around the world and has
been responsible for saving untold thousands.  this study sets a firm foundation on salvation and what
god expects from those starting their journey towards him and sets it in concrete for those who have
already experienced it.  after going through this series there will be no doubt on what the bible
requires of those who love him.


1 - the word of god (video)
2 - the gospel (video)


follow along with the notes in the 

rdtw teacher's guide (open in new window)


also:

spanish
spanish r.d.t.w. teacher's guide 
spanish r.d.t.w. student sheet 1 
spanish r.d.t.w. student sheet 2 

the godhead bible study

the godhead two-day home bible study is larry t. smith's follow-up to his rightly dividing the word home bible study.
this study sets out using scripture after scripture to show you exactly who and what and where god is, and is a wonderful 
supplement to larry t. smith's other teachings.
1 - who, what, where is god (video)
2 - the king, the first, and the last (video)


follow along with the notes in the 

godhead teacher's guide (open in new window)





also:


spanish
spanish godhead diagram 
spanish godhead teacher's guide 
spanish godhead student sheet 1 
spanish godhead student sheet 2 

current larry t. smith sermons

want to catch up on the latest sermons from larry t. smith?  click the link below and see how god is still using him
to preach and teach and continue laying foundations that reprove tradition and call those who have ears to hear
into deeper depths and closer relationship with the creator.
larry t. smith sermons (video)


special note: at this time we are not taking international orders for physical products online. if you would like to place an order outside of the usa and canada, please email our customer service department at karenrdtw@yahoo.com or call our customer service center at 1-979-543-2331.



 
(click on titles below for more information)


sale on eschatology series
kingdom eschatology - cd set
by larry t. smith
regular price: $110.00
sale price: $60.00click here
kingdom eschatology - dvd set
by larry t. smith
regular price: $120.00
sale price: $75.00click here





 









 
 
 
home

| bible
studies 

| online
media 

| bookstore 

| books by mike blume
mission 
 
| contact
us 

| links

©
copyright 2024 rightly dividing the word - all rights reserved

please
assume that all materials on this website are copyrighted by rightly
dividing the word. for permission and details see our terms
and
conditions. for problems with this website,
please contact mfblume1@gmail.com.
  















