




















american international college | home | aic






























































































i am a(n)...

prospective student
accepted undergraduate student
current student
alumnus or alumna
faculty
parent
veteran




search







about
admissions

apply
undergraduate
graduate
tuition and financial aid


academics
student life
athletics
visit
apply
give
email us








toggle navigation   






visit
apply
give
contact



search







i am a(n)...

prospective student
accepted undergraduate student
current student
alumnus or alumna
faculty
parent
veteran





find where you belong






menuabout
about
aic was founded in july 1885, and more than 125 years later it still stands leading education and fostering community more effectively than any other time in its history.
missionfast factsboard of trusteesoffice of deib 

aic history and legacy
aic's history is over 125 years in the making

history
aic reimagined
 closeadmissions
admissions
whether you're headed to college for the first time, or looking to advance your career with a graduate degree. we can help you achieve your dreams.
applyundergraduategraduatetuition & financial aid


contact admissions
get in touch to begin the application process

visit
contact us closeacademics
academics
see how our 40+ undergraduate majors and 22 graduate programs can set you up for a successful career.
academic programsregistraracademic supportacademic calendarcourse catalogs 

supporting you
find out about our supportive learning services

institutional review board closestudent life
student life
aic isn’t just where you go to school — it’s your home away from home. become part of the community.
on campusathletics & fitnessstudent successstudent supportcareer development 

get involved
join our student organizations, sports teams, and leadership programs. 

student activities
student handbook
 closeathletics
athletics
with our 23 ncaa sports teams, falconer fitness center, and intramural and club sports, aic has what it takes to keep your body strong.
aic yellow jacketsintramural & club sportscampus recreation 

get in the game
whether you're an all-star athlete or like to root for the home team

 close









aic brand guidelines and standards

aic athletics
communication materials
design guide
editorial style
logos and brand identity
social media
the aic voice: writing and editorial guidelines


aic campus store
aic holiday poster 2020 find rex
aic news archive
aic news resources
aic virtual message tutorial
american rescue plan student aid
campus climate survey

climate survey mission


cares act student aid
climate survey – resources
committee members
cookie policy
coronavirus response & relief student aid
covid-19 vaccine & information
experts at aic
general graduate open houses
heerf reporting
home
honorary degree nomination
intern program information
lc test
legal notices
letter from the president
log in
log out
lost password
news
page not found
password change instructions
phonebook
president cup registration form
president’s cup registration
privacy policy
register
reopening updates 2022-2023

faqs


reset password
site map
suggest an edit
survey faqs
take the survey
test
thank you to our 2019 sponsors
thank you to our 2023 president’s cup sponsors
the intern program
timeline
video slider test
winter festival of communication and the arts











access • opportunity • diversity • belonging • community









pause


visit aic now with the college tour
aic goes hollywood: listen to our students tell you everything you need to know about us in their own words on the college tour.
 
watch now












something exciting is happening right now.


events







february
19

graduate virtual school of business, arts, & sciences information session

                          6:00 pm—7:30 pm                        





march
12

graduate information session

                          6:00 pm—7:30 pm                        





march
22

accepted students’ day

                          9:00 am—3:30 pm                        





april
9

graduate school information session

                          6:00 pm—7:30 pm                        


more aic events








graduate virtual school of business, arts, & sciences information session
these brief yet information packed sessions allow students to gain insight on aic’s graduate programs.

mark your calendar





graduate information session
these brief yet information packed sessions allow students to gain insight on aic’s graduate programs.

mark your calendar





accepted students’ day
getting into college is no easy feat. that’s why we’ve created a day dedicated to celebrating you!

mark your calendar





graduate school information session
these brief yet information packed sessions allow students to gain insight on aic’s graduate programs

mark your calendar









news




important news
elizabeth norris neu named vice president for finance at american international college


aic names mary p. mazza as vice president for human resources
aic welcomes melisa loa as dean of students and director of residence life
news home












why choose aic?








flexible learning for working professionals






online graduate degree programs
whether you’re earning your degree on a desktop from home or on your mobile device on the go, you are part of the aic community. learn more about our online graduate programs including an msn-fnp, fnp post-masters certificate program, ma in clinical mental health counseling and ed.d. in educational leadership and administration —designed with you in mind.
learn more









stay connected
comments box svg iconsused for the like, share, comment, and reaction icons



					american international college				
  is feeling loved.


	 4 days ago  







love is in the air! 💕from sweet treats to fun activities, our campus was buzzing with valentine’s day celebrations today 💘 #aic #americaninternationalcollege #valentinesday #aicspringfield #aicommitted #springfieldma #westernmass 
... see moresee less




					american international college				
  is feeling loved.


	 5 days ago  







the student nurse association (sna) and student occupational therapy association (sota) brought the love this week with a valentine’s bake sale in the dining commons! 💕we can’t wait to celebrate valentine’s day with you all tomorrow—lots of fun events planned! see you there! 💘#aic #americaninternationalcollege #valentinesday #aicspringfield #aicommitted #springfieldma #westernmass 
... see moresee less




					american international college				
  is feeling proud.


	 6 days ago  







american international college is proud to recognize 473 students for earning a spot on the dean’s list for the fall 2024 semester: aic.meritpages.comwith gpas ranging from 3.3 to 4.0, these students have shown outstanding dedication and academic excellence.your hard work and commitment inspire us all. congratulations! 👏🏽#aic #americaninternationalcollege #deanslist #aicspringfield #aicommitted #springfieldma #westernmass 
... see moresee less


load more














 

1000 state street  springfield, ma 01109
413.737.7000




apply
accreditations
contact
visit
maps & directions
news
lucent magazine
events
library
campus store
title ix
facility rentals
careers
legal notice
directory
brand guidelines
myaic
waic public file
covid-19
news resources
 






twitter
facebook
youtube
linkedin
instagram
















© 2025 american international college



site map
© 2025 american international college




privacy policy and use of cookieswe use cookies on our website to offer a better browsing experience, analyze web traffic and personalize content. by using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our privacy policy.
agreedecline
learn more about cookiesprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept














close




































