



jackson memorial marching band – the official website of the jackson memorial marching band sponsored by jackson memorial band parents, inc.












































 



skip to content




 

 


jackson memorial marching band
the official website of the jackson memorial marching band sponsored by jackson memorial band parents, inc.


 


menu

calendar
competitions
photos
achievements
fundraising
forms
staff
jmbp board/chairs
links
 

 
 





home 



welcome to the official website of 
the jackson memorial high school marching band!

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 





































the jackson memorial high school marching band is competitive marching band with approximately 55 active students.  they are one of many instrumental music ensembles at jackson memorial high school, located in central new jersey.  other ensembles that are available are concert band, symphonic band, jazz band, jazz lab, woodwind choir, percussion ensemble, and the pit orchestra for the spring musical.
marching band is not only a musical organization, but also a social organization. in band, students not only learn how to play musical instruments, but meet new people and grow great and long-lasting relationships with friends new and old.
the jackson jaguar marching band program has consistently achieved the highest level of excellence in both its performance and community obligations. they work hard to be some of the finest musicians in the new jersey area and spend time playing at various community events.


follow us on social media!



 



 



notice:  trying to access array offset on value of type bool in /hermes/bosnacweb08/bosnacweb08ab/b343/ipg.jacksonjaguarband/wp-includes/media.php on line 1191

notice:  trying to access array offset on value of type bool in /hermes/bosnacweb08/bosnacweb08ab/b343/ipg.jacksonjaguarband/wp-includes/media.php on line 1192


this month in band!

2024 marching band season was a huge success! thank you for an amazing marching band season with the unforgettable program words. congratulations to the band and staff on a 3rd place finish in division iiia at the new jersey state championships! check out the photos here.
check out our page on the u.s. bands website. competition links below take you to the u.s. bands page with that competition’s information.


 2024 competitions
saturday, september 14 @ edison high school
saturday, september 21 @ bordentown regional high school
saturday, september 28 @ shawnee high school
saturday, october 5 @ hightstown high school
saturday, october 12 @ hamilton high school west and pm @ jackson liberty high school
saturday, october 19 @ robbinsville high school
saturday, october 26 @ franklin high school for new jersey state championships (i a, iii a, iv a, iii o, iv o)
our division is iiia for the 2024 season.
for details and times for each competition, please see the performance day schedule distributed by mr. diaz.

 home football games
friday, august 30 @ 6:30 pm vs. north brunswick hs
friday, september 27 @ 6:30 pm vs. howell hs
friday, october 11 @ 3:00 pm vs. donovan catholic hs
friday, october 18 @ 6:30 pm vs. brick township hs
friday, october 25 @ 6:30 pm vs. brick memorial hs

next jmbp general meeting is february 11, 2025 february general meeting is 7 pm in clayton lecture. come by for the latest updates!

committee chairs meet at 6:30 pm.


headlines paint night is friday 2/28/25 from 6:30 – 9 pm at station 55 (113 n new prospect rd) next to hc johnson elementary school! we are painting 16×16 canvas tote bags. cost is $45 with 15% going to your sra. there will be a 50/50, basket, raffles, water, and coffee. byob and snacks. full details in the flyer sent to your email. please help solicit basket contributions! the donation form was sent with the january meeting minutes to your email.
dine to donate at bubbakoo’s (355 n county line rd) on 1/29/25 from 10 am to 9 pm. band receives 20% of total sales. must show the flyer! see below.
clothing drive saturday 1/18/25 9 am – 2 pm. drop off in front of fine arts.
two spring trips are in the planning stages, one to the philadelphia orchestra and one to a broadway show. check the january meeting minutes for details!

winter concert pictures posted 1/18/25

winter concert pictures posted! 
senior portraits now posted!
photos from the nj state championships are now on the 2024-2025 photos page!

don't forget to send in your membership!

please send in your membership! membership shows your support for the jmbp and enables you to vote in the annual election.
download the membership form.



official jackson memorial jaguar band press release



release date: 2/24/2024
contact information:  jason towlen jagbandpublicity@gmail.com
the jackson memorial marching band will take center stage at disney world’s magic kingdom
the jackson memorial high school jaguar marching band and color guard have been invited to travel to orlando, florida to perform at the magic kingdom on thursday, april 18, 2024. the talented ensemble will be a part of disney’s imagination campus parade lineup, showcasing their musical and visual prowess in the heart of disney world. “the jackson memorial high school instrumental music ensembles always seek out unique performance opportunities and try to expose our students to different musical mediums and performance spaces,” said jason diaz, director of bands. “performing on main street usa is one of these ‘once in a lifetime’ opportunities for our students.”
the trip will include visits to other attractions within walt disney world, creating lasting memories for the students, however, the main street, usa performance promises to be a highlight of the band’s trip. the performance will showcase a compilation of popular disney melodies including "mickey mouse march", "it's a small world" and "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.” the band’s senior drum major, samantha libby, said “everyone is very excited to go to disney and perform, especially the seniors. many of us thought we’d never get an opportunity like this.” the band’s participation in this prestigious event is a testament to their dedication and excellence in marching band performances. diaz said, “it is a wonderful experience to march down this street, look up, and see cinderella's castle staring directly back at you while hearing cheers from spectators from around the world.”
family, friends, and supporters of the jmhs marching band are encouraged to support the band by visiting the band’s website at jacksonjaguarband.com and donating to the disney fundraiser which will help cover the cost of transporting students, uniforms, and instruments to florida and back for this amazing opportunity.  or, go directly to the band’s zeffy fundraising link.
the jackson memorial band is under the direction of jason diaz and eric ficarra.

 








jackson memorial band parents inc.
p.o. box 800
jackson, nj 08527


connect with us



 



 



 




        copyright © 2025 jackson memorial marching band. all rights reserved.      


















