


jared pratt family association – parley p. pratt & orson pratt
























































home
histories

parley
orson
william
anson
nelson
ancestors


photos
videos

buy dvd
extra footage


news

recent
latest newsletter
past newsletters


genealogy

ancestors
descendants


volunteer
purchase
donate
contact

mailing list











join the mailing list
are you on the mailing list (including your e-mail address)?  we send out 1-2 newsletters per year. 
click here to join the mailing list or update your information!
parley p. pratt biography
the first scholarly biography of parley p. pratt is now available.
click here to learn more and purchase a copy of parley p. pratt: the apostle paul of mormonism.
random pages to explore

helaman pratt and indian confrontations
land deed to mary w. pratt from brigham young
histories of larinda marissa ross pratt and willard erastus weihe
grave of jane pratt kesler
astronomical lectures: lecture first
obituaries of ruby ross pratt
children of helaman pratt -- histories and photos
nephi pratt journal may 1906 to august 1906
orson pratt letter from parley p. pratt and the twelve, mar. 1849
obituary of william shadrack holdaway






what is the jared pratt family association? 
the jared pratt family association, founded in 1881, is one of the oldest family history organizations in the nation. jared pratt (1769-1839) was the father of one daughter and five sons–anson, william, parley, orson and nelson–four of whom joined the early mormon church. one of these sons, orson pratt, founded the association in order to engage in ancestral genealogy research, as well as to keep track of the pratt descendants. he gave this charge to the family:

“this record is written, to be handed down to future generations, not only to preserve the genealogy of my forefathers, but to collect and register therein, from generation to generation, the dates of births, marriages, places of residence and deaths of all the descendants of my four brothers and myself. . . . it is to be hoped that all our posterity of whatever branch or name will be sufficiently interested to preserve their genealogy to the latest generation.”


explore the many photos and histories of our ancestors

on the website, you will find hundreds of photos, stories, newspaper articles, journals, discourses and more from our pratt ancestors. to easily explore, click “histories” from the menu at the top and select the pratt brother (anson, william, parley, orson or nelson) which will show a list of their wives and children. by selecting one of these individuals, you will see the available photos and histories we have for each individual. alternatively, you can learn more about the ancestors of jared and charity pratt.
not sure where to start? explore some of the ‘random pages’ to the right that are examples of what is available across the website for these ancestors.
parley p. pratt biography
the first scholarly biography of parley p. pratt is now available from oxford university press—titled parley p. pratt: the apostle paul of mormonism by terryl givens and matthew j. grow, one of our family historians.























//
