










commercial walk in coolers & refrigerator | walk-in fridge by src



 
















 









skip to main content







 100% american made




 (800) 521-0398




 mon - fri 8:00am - 5:00pm est




            request a quote          



 




 


















                ×
              


homeabout src careers brochures industry guides installation guides shipping faq’s  financing src affiliates custom coolers commercial coolers beer caves beverage coolers food service coolers funeral coolers industrial coolers restaurant coolers custom walk-in coolers  floral coolers combo display and storage  commercial walk-in coolers walk-in combos replacement doors become a dealerwalk-in freezer 
contact us





 









   discover the best in custom refrigeration for your business providing custom cooler systems for 40+ years view services   





   discover the best in custom refrigeration for your business providing custom cooler systems for 40+ years view services   





   discover the best in custom refrigeration for your business providing custom cooler systems for 40+ years view services   











the premier manufacturer of commercial walk in coolers in the usa  












 

              commercial coolers            

              whether you’re in retail, catering, or any other food-and-beverage business, our commercial coolers can help you maintain the premium quality of your products. with features designed for efficiency and durability, you’re assured of superior temperature regulation built to stand the test of time.            




















 

              floral coolers            

              preserve the freshness and beauty of your flowers with our custom-built floral coolers. specifically designed to maintain optimal humidity and temperature, our coolers will help your flowers bloom longer and look better.            











 

              commercial walk-in coolers            

              our commercial walk-in coolers offer convenient, scalable, and efficient refrigeration for your business, ensuring no product is left out of the chill. designed to meet the needs of convenience stores, src’s walk-in refrigeration units firmly maintain cold temperatures and can be customized to fit the exact specifications of your business space. we use insulated panels in the construction of our coolers to resist heat flow and maintain cold temperatures.            












 

              walk-in combos            

              get the best of all worlds with our walk-in combos, offering flexible and space-efficient refrigeration and freezing solutions. customizable to suit your commercial kitchen, our innovative designs allow seamless transitions between refrigerated and freezer space, uniting efficiency and convenience in one compact unit.            











 

              replacement doors            

              don’t let a faulty walk-in cooler door compromise your products and energy efficiency. with our tailor-made replacement doors, you can restore your unit’s functionality and improve its performance, ensuring your cooler works optimally and long into the future.            








   src refrigeration  custom-built commercial walk-in coolers designed to meet your unique business needs src refrigeration doesn't just manufacture ordinary walk in cooler. we provide businesses with custom cooling solutions that have been carefully engineered with advanced engineering expertise and meticulously crafted to meet their needs. we've served many companies nationwide, from restaurants and grocery stores to breweries and floral shops. over four decades of service have given us a deep understanding of the unique demands of diverse industries. we leverage this expertise to create commercial refrigeration solutions that meet and exceed our clients' expectations. a custom walk in cooler from src refrigeration offers amazing versatility, reliability, and energy efficiency, optimizing store layouts and enhancing operational efficiency. request a quote 


 



   our 100% american made cold  storage solutions   beer caves beer walk in coolers beverage coolers food service coolers funeral coolers industrial coolers restaurant coolers combo display and storage walk-in freezer   custom walk-in coolers: our custom cooler units offer various customization options, including layout and functionality considerations such as doors and access points, tailored for applications like floral or convenience store setups. outdoor applications: our refrigeration units are specifically designed for outdoor applications, built with durable materials like seamless fiberglass to withstand outdoor conditions. these coolers are fully assembled for immediate operation and tailored to meet the requirements of businesses needing refrigerated storage in an outdoor environment.    







   join our growing network of factory authorized dealers  transform businesses with custom made walk-in commercial refrigerators src refrigeration offers a factory authorized dealer program designed to boost the growth and success of its extensive network of contractors through collaboration and resources. by participating in the program, dealers are equipped with all the information and marketing materials needed to sell src coolers and freezers seamlessly and efficiently, ensuring they can provide the perfect solution tailored to meet specific customer needs. to become an authorized dealer, simply contact src's sales department and express your interest in participating in the program, providing the required company information, and the src team will handle the rest. the program is a testament to src's unwavering commitment to providing unparalleled support to dealers in selling first-rate custom walk in coolers and freezers. contact us  







  we let our service do the talking our word is as solid as our refrigeration units our walk-in coolers are designed with customizability and functionality in mind, ensuring they meet the specific needs of your business.      custom designed coolers with src refrigeration, one size does not fit all. we listen to your needs, understand your business, and create a single, durable, and efficient unit tailored to your specifications.     100% made in america we take pride in our homegrown michigan values. from design, materials, and assembly, our coolers are proudly made in america guaranteeing the finest quality walk in cooler systems.     same-day quotes we respect your time as much as you do. that's why we provide accurate quotes on the same day for businesses across the united states, allowing you to make prompt business decisions.     50-year thermal warranty our confidence in the quality and durability of our coolers is unwavering. we are proud to offer an industry-leading 50-year thermal warranty, a testament to the longevity of our products.      






  your business deserves the best in walk in coolers  when you choose src refrigeration, you choose reliability, customizability, and state-of-the-art cooling solutions. it’s time to invest in a cooler system that suits your unique needs while delivering outstanding performance. contact us today and let’s work together to enhance your cooling capabilities.   phone_enabled call now 










contact us location_on  6620 19 mile rd sterling heights, mi 48314  phone  (800) 521-0398 email  sales@src.us 


 



 



 



 

 

helpful links 

about src custom coolers become a dealercontactservices areas 



office hours  monday - friday 8:00am - 5:00pm est saturday closed sunday closed  







        the contents of this webpage are copyright © 2025 src refrigeration. all rights reserved. privacy















































