



carbon monoxide | learn more about the danger of carbon monoxide
















skip to content
skip to primary navigation

toggle navigation

causes
signs & symptoms
prevention
alarms
contact


cookie preferences

      we use your information, collected through cookies, to improve your experience of our website, 
      analyse how you use it and, if you choose to accept all cookies, 
      show you relevant ads. 
      only the absolutely necessary cookies will run in order to operate this session for you. 
      you do not have to accept all of the cookies used by our website.manage cookiesaccept all








carbon monoxide
read on to find out more about the causes, signs and symptoms of carbon monoxide and how to protect yourself and others from this deadly poison.

causes
carbon monoxide kills, on average, 6 people in ireland every year. discover the key causes.
find out more
signs and symptoms
you can't see it, smell it or taste it. but there are ways to detect if carbon monoxide is present.
find out more
prevention
find out how to protect your friends, family and yourself from carbon monoxide poisoning.
find out more
alarms
installing a carbon monoxide alarm could save your life.
find out more
carbon monoxide (also known as co) is a colourless, odourless, poisonous gas. carbon monoxide poisoning can cause illness, loss of consciousness and even death.

if you suspect anyone in your house has been poisoned by carbon monoxide and has any of the associated symptoms, get fresh air immediately, then go to your doctor and ask him/her to check for carbon monoxide poisoning.
if you find anyone in your house unconscious, call a doctor immediately.
if your carbon monoxide alarm goes off, take action:

open doors and windows to ventilate the area.
stop using/turn off any fuel-burning appliances immediately.
get everyone out into fresh air.
if you're sure you are not suffering any symptoms related to carbon monoxide poisoning, call a qualified service agent to check your appliances before you re-use them.
if you are still worried, call the carbon monoxide awareness line on 1800 89 89 89.


﻿







find out if you know the facts about carbon monoxide
take the quiz


take the quiz







advice on carbon monoxide

call 1800 89 89 89
contacts




produced in the interest of safety by:













networksinfo@gasnetworks.ie
1800 89 89 89
legal | 
              manage cookies
© 2020 - carbon monoxide
legal | 
              manage cookies
© 2020 - carbon monoxide

made by 
return to top


