







home - same


















home - same






































































          menu
          







about samesociety leadership
national office staff
become a member
same governance
2030 same strategic plan
society history
industry-government engagement


the military engineer
company directory
same foundation
 

login

 join
 store
 donate
 






 



events & programssearch upcoming events
industry-government engagement
educational webinars
national conferences & workshops2024 sbc
2025 ctw
2025 jetc


engineering & construction camps
stem pathways program


membership & communitiesjoin as individual
join as company/organization
join as student
join as enlisted
membership in same
member company directory
communities of interest
academy of fellows
awards & recognition
same board of direction
strategic partners
diversity, equity & inclusion


posts (chapters)post resource center
find a post (chapter)
post leaders workshop
student resource center
upcoming post events


career & leadershipsame career center
credentialing opportunities
mentoring opportunities
career transition workshop
leader development programldp: leaders to watch




news & resourcesthe military engineer (tme)2025 editorial calendar
advertising opportunities
subscribe to tme


same newsroomsame newsroom archive


real time newsletter
tme archives
society history
2025 marketing guide
same photo gallery


 














our mission 
to lead collaboration in support of our national security priorities through advancing three strategic goals: drive partnerships, deliver solutions, and develop people.



i want to:

become a member

                    become a member                  

                    search same events                  

                    find a post                  

                    2030 same strategic plan                  

                    donate to the same foundation                  










same capital week 2025

2025 capital week, being held in person march 24-26, at the bethesda north marriott hotel & conference center in rockville, md!
open exclusively to same members, this opportunity will put you ahead of the curve in planning your company’s acquisition strategy. hear about the government’s upcoming engineering, design, construction, and environmental programs during the fy2026 dod & federal agency programs briefings.



		learn more about capweek 2025 and register	




    latest national events  







              february 12, 2025            
career transition workshop


linthicum heights, md









                february 19, 2025              


webinar

the power of asset risk to build a data-driven future







                march 24, 2025              


rockville, md

same capital week 2025







                may 13, 2025              


louisville, ky

joint engineer training conference 2025







                september 8, 2025              


honolulu, hi

indo-pacific regional summit














2030 same strategic plan 


the journey to 2030

the needs to secure our nation are always changing. as time rolls on, old challenges fade and new ones appear…through it all same’s enduring purpose is to enhance readiness.

		learn more	






		all same events	




    latest society news  


		all same news	








              january 15, 2025            
the military engineer | january-february 2025











                february 11, 2025              
guest post: six trends for federal and sled contractors to watch in 2025










                february 10, 2025              
registration for the 2025 joint engineer training conference is now open










                february 10, 2025              
registration to become a camp mentor is open!

























same stem camps

each summer, same’s stem/engineering & construction camps offer high school students a unique chance to start their stem journey alongside seasoned members of the military engineering community and a/e/c industry. applications for the 2025 same camps are open until march 12, 2025.

		2025 camp applications open!	





    program spotlight  





leader development program
established in 2019, same’s leader development program serves to identify and cultivate talent from within the society to develop leaders for the future of the a/e/c profession and to address the nation’s grand challenges. participants explore individual strengths and team dynamics as they build leadership experience alongside their peers in a true joint environment. since its inception, about half of program participants have come from the uniformed services; the other half represent same member companies.


		meet the ldp class	

		about the program	











securing america’s future, together — join us!

same provides its more than 25,000 members from across military, government, industry, and academia with extensive opportunities for education, training, and networking through a robust offering of conferences, workshops, community events, publications, webinars, leader development, stem outreach, and other member-driven programs.

		become a member	





    communities of interest  





young professionals community
the mission of the young professionals community of interest is to be an advocate for and engage young professionals support for same’s strategic plan through outreach, training, networking and recognition.


		learn more	

		view all communities	











same history

founded in 1920, the society of american military engineers sought to ensure the lessons of wwi would be remembered in order to ensure that america’s entire engineering community would be prepared for the next conflict, and have the needed trust and understanding to best serve our national security.

		learn more	





    featured resource  





strengthening industry-government engagement
as the cornerstone on which the society was founded in 1920, industry-government engagement remains “mission-essential” for the organization a century later, as the first goal of the 2025 same strategic plan. in 2021, same initiated a new process to evaluate and execute national-level ige projects in order to ensure we deliver impact and maximize the use of available resources


		learn more	

		national ige report (january-february 2025)	











same foundation: fostering engineering leadership for the nation

established in 2016, the same foundation is committed to investing in programs that will have an enduring impact on developing engineering leaders for our nation. america’s future is bright. let’s help make it brighter!

		learn more	














2023 same foundation donor impact report





		read the report online	








dear same members 

we are currently experiencing a minor technical issue with the same website login that we are working to resolve. please follow the instructions below to bypass the issue for now:

please login to the website using the login link at the top.
when the page reloads, it will still say login; however, this is an error.
go to another page on the website when the screen loads to access “my account” from there. (it will show at the top)













               dedicated to national security since 1920            












































 

1420 king st., suite 100
  alexandria, va  22314
(703) 549-3800 



about
about same
same membership
same foundation
same newsroom
the military engineer
 


connect
contact form
find a post (chapter)
same engage
company directory
national office staff
 


popular
upcoming events
career center
academy of fellows
stem camps
leader development
 


policies
privacy policy
code of conduct
same governance
same annual report
same logo/insignia
 



          © 2025 society of american military engineers        












 


