







a-z to deafblindness



 a-z to deafblindness



[d] 
welcome to a-z to deafblindness

please feel free to come in and browse around.
information about deafblindness.
the deafblind manual alphabet.

[d]
 a person with a red and white cane 
    is a deafblind person.


archives 
    page.
conferences 
    and courses about deafblindness throughout the world.
deafblindness 
    resources on the net.
the db 
    techies mailing list.
equipment 
    for deafblind people.
mailing 
    list's and newsletters for deafblind people on the net.
organizations 
    for deafblind people throughout the world.
poetry 
    page, poetry by and for deafblind people.
videos 
    about deafblindness awareness, and training videos.

some other resources on the net for blind or deaf people.

 accessible 
    search engines on the net.
 blindness 
    resources on the net.
 deafness 
    resources on the net.
 disabilities 
    resources on the net.
 equipment, 
    and suppliers for blind and deaf people.
 newsgroups 
    and listservs for blind and deaf people.
 some 
    of my friends on the net.


you can also read a-z to deafblindness in french, german, italian, 
  portuguese or spanish. 
go to 
  altavista's translator, and enter http://www.deafblind.com

i would like to take this opportunity to welcome you to a-z 
  to deafblindness, and to thank you for visiting my modest and humble little 
  web page. so come on in and make yourself at home, you will be made very welcome.
my name is james gallagher and i am deafblind myself. this 
  site is here to try and offer some help to blind or deaf people, and especially 
  deafblind people, and those who provide specialised services for those who are 
  deafblind. a-z to deafblindness is also here, to make people more aware about 
  deafblindness.
within this website you will be able to learn the deafblind 
  manual alphabet and, the two-handed manual alphabet used by sighted deaf people. 
  its up to you where you wish to go. if you wish to learn the deafblind manual 
  alphabet then there are pages on this website for you to do so.
there is the archives page, where i am trying to collect some 
  of the best documents about the condition of deafblindness that there is on 
  the net. there is also information about braille, moon, the cochlear implant, 
  retinal implant project, a full text description of the asl alphabet, the causes 
  of deafblindness, some very interesting articles about deafness and deafblindness, 
  and also the addresses of organszations for deafblind people throughout the 
  world as well as dates for conferences and courses about deafblindness throughout 
  this little world of ours.
also of course pages with links to some of the best web sites 
  on the net which have information about the above topics. i hope you find this 
  site interesting and knowledgeable. these pages will never be the best on the 
  net about deafblindness, but i try to provide good and clear information to 
  those who wish to find out more about deafblindness and those who have the condition.
i hope that you will enjoy your time browsing around in a-z 
  to deafblindness. if you know, or have, a website that you think should be included 
  within this web page then please just let me know, and i will be more than happy 
  to add a link to your pages.
if you have any trouble with these pages in any way then please 
  let me know. i will be happy to help you in any way that i can. remember i am 
  just an e-mail away. if you wish to get in touch with me my e-mail address is 
  below, and please feel free to do so.
[d] 
  (description), i am proud to display the web access symbol. note the d link 
  following the web access symbol. following any d link will send you to a page 
  containing a description of the associated image. the description of the image 
  is more comprehensive than the alt text usually associated with an image. the 
  description page will also include a link back to the referring image. 
[d]

this is a no frames web site, and will always be that way.

[d] 
this is a bobby approved site.

[d] validator tests for compliance 
  with the html standards established by the world wide web consortium (w3c) thus 
  insuring that the page is interoperable and will display successfully in any 
  browser. 

[d] simulator displays the 
  page in text-only format. reading the text out loud - from top to bottom, left 
  to right - in a measured cadence with punctuation and line break pauses simulates 
  the output of a voice browser.

 awards which a-z 
    to deafblindness has been given.


this site is designed to be as accessible as possible to 
    all.
e-mail: james@deafblind.com.

[d] i subscribe to the honcode 
    principles 
    of the health on the net foundation.
a-z to deafblindness is a site that is funded by myself.

it is not part of any organisation or charity in any way.
last updated on the 17th september 2002

[d]



