






afsa member insurance program | afsa insurance

























afsa member insurance program










online bill pay  |  login



















life

group term life insurance




health

flightcare tricare supplement
long-term care insurance
medicare insurance plans
dental insurance
vision
pet insurance
emergency assistance plus
individual and family health insurance plans




about



contact us













protecting you through life’s uncertainties
like you, afsa understands the importance of protection. our group insurance plans are competitively priced, renewable, and portable... so you can live life with confidence.
learn more




welcome to the afsa member insurance site

×



you’ll find more details on your exclusive insurance options and ways we can help protect what’s most important. would you rather talk? contact us via phone, email, or chat to explore what might work best for your circumstances.


chat now



















it pays to be an afsa member
your afsa membership offers many exciting benefits, including access to the afsa member insurance program. we leverage the group buying power of all afsa members to bring you highly competitive, economical rates on life and health insurance products. plus, afsa negotiates these products to ensure you are receiving valuable coverage that fits your unique needs. explore our product offerings today and take advantage of our insurance specialists who are ready to personally assist you.













group term life





life insurance








long-term care
dental
pet insurance
emergency assistance plus
medicare insurance plans
individual and family health insurance plans

flightcare tricare supplement

vision





health insurance









manage your policies
take advantage of our online self-service portal to conveniently manage your insurance policy and account information at the same time.
get secure, 24/7 access to view coverage and policy details, make and view payments, set up auto pay, and so much more. 





log in













                        afsa plan administrator
                        1200 e. glen ave.
                        peoria heights, il 61616
                    



 email: customerservice@afsainsurance.com
 phone: (888) 834-9024
 fax: (866) 817-9009
                    





privacy statement |
                        cookie settings |
                        terms of use |
                        login



copyright 2025 by pearl insurance







            we use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. we also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. you consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
        
 accept



necessary



statistics



marketing


learn more - settings










