






zz-type - honolulu, hawaii






 
blaine fergerstrom
		      — zz-type

honolulu, hawaii                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      


 
zztype.com

 
quicktime vr | 
      kamehameha | 2013 | genealogy | proud daddy | html class |           

 javascript must be enabled to display this email address. 







 
 

© blaine fergerstrom, jan. 1998, san francisco, calif.






 




dealmac.com 
          always the best
mac
          prices.













              "why you kick
              my dog?"
visit 
              kickdog 
              store at cafepress.com 




  
imua kamehameha!
in october 2001 i accepted a position with kamehameha 
        schools as education webmaster, working on the school campus on kapalama 
        heights. i have been working on facilitating the online publishing efforts 
        of students, teachers and staff.
my son alex attends kamehameha. he is a proud member of the class
          of 2013.


starbulletin.com in the middle-90s, one of honolulu's two daily newspapers, the honolulu 
        star-bulletin, asked me to come aboard as a webmaster to produce 
        a daily online edition. i started work on march 4, 1996 and rolled out 
        a daily web edition on monday, 
        march 18. a new issue is put online every day, monday through sunday, 
        including holidays at http://starbulletin.com.







in january, 1998, starbulletin.com was named one 
        of three finalists in the editor & publisher "eppy" 
        awards under-100,000 circulation division. in april 2000, starbulletin.com 
        was awarded first place in hawaii 
        publishers association annual pa'i awards for excellence. in may 2001, 
        starbulletin.com was awarded first 
        place in the arizona state university cronkite school of journalism 
        best of the west 
        competition for "hana 
        road," a story, video and quicktime vr package by gary kubota 
        and me.
former star-bulletin investgative reporter ian lind keeps a wonderful 
        daily 
        diary of the goings-on in the newsroom. likewise, current star-bulletin 
        writer and stalwart burl burlingame adds his two cents "from the 
        inside" via the honolulu 
        news blues.


advertising

      once upon a time, from 1992 to 1995, i was the manager of production art
       at starr seigle mccombs advertising.
        while there i built their in-house pre-press capabilities and networking
       
      system and was instrumental in the startup of their internet division, starrtech.
i joined rival honolulu advertising agency milici
			valenti ng pack in august, 1995, to become their multimedia production manager.
			i managed the macintosh computer system, produced multimedia shows and interactive
			media, including web sites.
i previously served as production manager for sellers advertising, as 
        well.
      
macadamia nut

      a confirmed mac freak, i've been a cybernaut (cybernut?) since the days 
      of 300 baud modems. my background is in print production, including typography, 
      camera and paste-up. i converted to all-digital production in 1986 and never 
      looked back.
i have done interactive productions using powerpoint, persuasion and hypercard.
i have done video 
        projects using final cut pro, imovie, after effects, premiere, morph, 
        videoshop and i am a certified operator on the avid 1000 video editor. 
        i've also done some 3-d modeling, rendering 
        and animation.

quicktime vr
in january, 1996, i traveled on to cupertino to attend apple developer 
        college quicktime vr classes. 
        quicktime vr is apple's 360° panoramic photography technology. i have 
        done some panoramas and object movies, samples of 
        which are here online and on the 
        star-bulletin 
        site. i was the first in hawaii producing qtvr materials.


worldwide web

 i write html for the www. in addition to the star-bulletin 
        site. my best early work on the web was the princeville 
        resort site -- the second hawaii commercial site, behind outrigger.com. 
        my princeville site received accolades from brad 
        schrick, macintosh web server guru; starting point made it their site 
        of the day; and starnine communications--makers of webstar® 
        macintosh web server software--included a complete copy of the princeville 
        web site on the first cd-rom release (v1.0) of their software.
i produced the original starr seigle site claiming "first full service hawaii
			agency" on the net honors (no longer on line), as well as the original full
			agency web site for starr seigle group.
i also produced the worldwide i hate 
        mayonnaise club web, the originals site for the national society of 
        newspaper columnists, both for charley memminger. and i launched the original 
        site for for corky trinidad's 
        cartoons, too. 

        i produced a site for the hawaii youth 
        symphony. i helped for many years with the hawaii's junior miss scholarship 
        program. more information is here. | junior miss |


 
zz-type is the name of my freelance business doing graphic, web and multimedia
			production. i've been at this since 1976. i've been through hot lead, phototypesetting,
			paste-up, through the present wysiwyg macintosh print production and web production.
bored? check my resumé!
i've been married to wife jean since 1984 [hi sweetie!] and we have a 
        wonderful son named alex [hiya, kiddo!]. i am one proud daddy. see for 
        yourself: [proud daddy homepage]! enter at 
        your own risk!
      
geetar-zan

 i like to make noise on my guitars and harmonicas when alex (and mom) let me.
			i own a couple of "beaters" for everyday banging around. i also own a usa
			standard fender stratocaster, an ibanez roadstar ii electric, a höfner
			500/1 "beatle" bass and a höfner
			acoustic guitar.



aloha! thanks for visiting.
			--blaine



			feel free to swipe this web "bumpersticker" and put it on your own site.
			be sure to "live aloha!" 





"i'm bad; i'm nationwide." -- zz-top
			you are visitor number
 
			send your praise and money to: 

 javascript must be enabled to display this email address. 
.
			this site was first created in september 1994 
			and was 
originally hosted on [flexnet hawaii], del wong, proprietor.
        free web page counter by: http://www.digits.net/
			contents copyright © blaine fergerstrom





