









four poster beds | handmade | the four poster bed company





















































quality & comfort, for you, for life!


go to:
home

bed of the month
stock beds for sale
pre-owned beds for sale
special offers
bespoke & contemporary designs
testimonials
history of four poster beds


four poster beds

low beds
pencil post beds
half tester beds

fully panelled half tester bed


canopy beds
panels
posts
finishes
bedding & linen
drapery


mattresses

our mattress range
support system
offers
hotels & guesthouses
uk mattress sizes


other furniture

coffee tables
antique furniture
bedroom furniture

bedside tables
chests of drawers


cabinets
dining room furniture
dressers
occasional furniture
storage solutions


contact us

contact details
enquiry form
delivery and shipping
how to find us
improvements to our website


about us

getting the wood
making your bed
in the workshop
customer’s beds
hotels with our beds
news & events


help & info

choosing the bed & drapes
picking the right mattress
ordering & delivery
furniture articles


 








 















homepage










luxury design & timeless feel







makers of handmade four poster beds, the four poster bed company is based in the uk. we make furniture, including, high quality, bespoke, traditional and modern pencil beds, four poster beds, and other furniture. our company uses sustainable and locally sourced oak, and ash.
our clients also have handmade dining furniture, e.g. dining tables, dining chairs, sideboards, dressers, corner cabinets, and servers. these are available in any size, finish and colour. we can solve the problems of your modern home with furniture storage, e.g. dvds, tvs, cds, wine, shoes, clothes, computers, and so on. this storage can be used in bookcases, wardrobes, dressers, coffee tables, etc. thus keeping your home stylish and uncluttered.
treat yourself like royalty and feel the quality of one of our custom made four poster beds, a hallmark of british craftsmanship. the award winning furniture maker, stephen edwards, brings together a small team of british craftsmen. with traditional cabinet making methods and experience, we make your heirloom furniture.
because we put our customers first, we plank and dry the wood ourselves. all of the timber is hand selected; through the processes of wood-turning, hand carving and sanding, your furniture or bed is assured to be the highest quality. finally, we hand finish and polish your four poster bed. we will deliver and install your four poster, always keeping our eye on the detail.








bed of the month


this month: brand new open canopy, ash juniper with fielded panels and turned posts (bed base inc.)








stock beds for sale


we have a limited selection of four poster beds for sale, which are available on a shorter lead time








pre-owned beds for sale


all beds shown were originally made by our company. the beds are thoroughly checked in our workshop








special offers


the bed we have is currently unpolished and ready for a colour of your choice














new hand painted beds





richard v four poster bed





our work as featured on the bbc











four poster bed company 





stephen edwards furniture 





western cabins 






















































 
















tel: 01544 340 444  email: stephen@fourposterbed.co.uk 





 









 
four poster beds handmade to order in the uk

contact us

 









 






© 2016 | the four poster bed company | developed by the dm lab

top 





 














