




metaphysics by default | homepage

























































 






home - welcome







forum   (new)







lectures







1





a word of encouragement







2





dar al-hikma







3





proclus' elements







4





reversion in the corporeal







5





mathematical recursion







6





episodic memory







7





mortality







7s





classical mortality arguments







8





personal identity


1  
2  
3  
4  








9





existential passage


1  
2  
3  








10





precedent at dar al-hikma







10s





images of dar al-hikma







11





passage types







12





a metaphysical grammar







13





merger probability







14





ex nihilo probability







15





noetic reduction







16





summary of mathematical results







17





application to other species


1  
2  
3  
4  








18





potential benefits







19





a dedication







appendices







works cited









e-mail the author.

e-mail the webmaster.










.








 









welcome






welcome to the internet publication of 
metaphysics by default.  this web site is maintained by the author as an 
academic resource for the general public.


in these pages i draw upon the 
works of naturalists — and upon those of metaphysical 
philosophers.  this must seem an odd juxtaposition of materials, given that 
naturalists and metaphysical philosophers lock horns at every crossing.  we, being 
audience to many a deadlocked battle, can readily believe that the disciplines of earth and ether 
are incompatible — or what is 
worse, we may believe that each discipline prospers only at the expense of the 
other.
       these 
common notions are not sound.  there is no compromise, but reconciliation is possible.  natural science and 
metaphysical philosophy can coexist peacefully in the modern mind.  this document is proof.
       the essay 
itself comprises nineteen chapters.  the chapters are best read in 
sequential order, starting with a timeless word of encouragement that is 
chapter 1.
       readers 
who desire to judge the philosophy's practical value may prefer to skip ahead to 
chapter 18.  metaphysics by default offers ready aid to the 
beleaguered ethicist or ecologist, and chapter 18 explores this potential utility.
       readers 
who wonder at the inclusion of so much history in a modern work should hazard first 
the dedication of 
chapter 19.  the dedication invokes divine qualities of hellenic spirit which 
are lost to us, and which this modern essay perforce recovers.



supporting documents are available through site 
navigation:

(new)  a public forum is open, and all are welcome to contribute posts.

a schedule lists the dates of 
    upcoming public lectures, along with transcripts and abstracts from previous lectures in vancouver, saint petersburg and 
rome.


appendices organize the essay's 
    ancillary software programs and mathematical derivations.

works cited within the essay are 
    listed after the appendices.

all chapters have been bound into a single adobe pdf file for easier printing and transfer.  (click icon to download.)  




it is this author's hope that the knowledge marshalled herein 
will be of value to every reader — even if some material serves only as a spur towards better knowledge elsewhere.  please feel free to e-mail frank and private 
comments.
 
thank you for visiting this site.
 












  



			this work is recipient of the original contribution award, as judged by faculty editors of the philosophy research base.















  



			editors of the encyclopaedia britannica have recognized this work as one of the web's best sites 
on the subject of metaphysics.  britannica editors have designated this work as an official internet guide selection, or "iguide site."  their iguide imprint marks this work as a supplement to britannica content, and as a recommended resource for online readers.















  



			editors of the mit encyclopedia of the cognitive sciences have recognized this work as an 
			authoritative reference on current philosophical issues in the cognitive sciences.















  



			this work is featured in the january 2001 edition of  world revolution.















  



			the copernic report on metaphysics has ranked this work among the twenty major metaphysical web sites.  as of october 2002, public interest has lifted this work to a global copernic ranking of fourth place.












next    chapter 1:  a word of encouragement  

















 



copyright © 1999


wayne stewart

last update 4/19/11


 



