






cushing and sons






























































no water? call 1-800-831-8883  - we answer the phone 24/7


home
contact us
service area
customer reviews
 












about us
working with cushing

working with cushing
our services


water wells

water wells 101
how we get ground water
potential threats to ground water
how to protect your water source
drilling
well development
yield tests
low-yield wells
how much water is needed?
testing water quality
how much will it cost
beware of inexperienced contractors
water well contractor check list


geothermal systems

geothermal systems
closed loop geothermal systems
open loop geothermal systems
geothermal projects
system installation example


water treatment
pumps & systems

pumps & systems
pressure tanks
related links


specialty work
 


select page


  
 
 









welcome to cushing & sons





cushing & sons is one of the most respected water well drilling contractors in new england. we have served new hampshire, vermont, and massachusetts since 1972.





well drilling
whether you are building a new home, or need emergency service to get your existing well water flowing again, contact us.

more information



service & repairs
low pressure? no pressure? funny tastes or odors? weird noises? we’ve seen it all, and we can get you fixed up in a jiffy!

more information



water systems
cushing and sons can perform inspections of water systems. our trained personnel can promptly diagnose and repair water system problems. 

more information



geothermal systems
geothermal heating & cooling systems can be the most cost-effective and energy-efficient way to heat and cool your home.

more information



specialty systems
over the years, cushing & sons has developed numerous drilling specialties, including drilling wells for testing, monitoring and extraction purposes at industrial, municipal and environmentally compromised sites.

more information





 cushing & sons  –  respected, professional, skilled, and conscientious

cushing and sons is one of the most respected water well drilling contractors in new england—serving nh, vt & ma. builders and property owners have high praise for our professional, skilled and conscientious people who drill wells, and service and install pumping systems.
drilling the water well is only one part of a dependable water delivery system. by matching the correct pump and pressure tank to your well, we assure that you’ll be completely satisfied with your water well’s water volume, uniform pressure and overall efficiency.
your investment is unconditionally guaranteed. if a problem ever occurs with your system our service personnel are available 24/7 to help keep your water flowing.






customer testimonials





we prefer to use usa/north american-made products.



usa products









“excellent job. very satisfied. appreciated the timely manner of completing the job”
j.g. — shrewsbury, ma









“marvin was a pleasure to speak to, he took the time to explain the project in detail and answer all of my questions. everyone was extremely professional, courteous and pleasant to have around – very hard workers! thank you for doing such a great job!”
s.h. — brookline, vt









“brian was amazing start to finish. he was very thorough in his explanation of the work performed. i have used cushing and sons in the past and am glad to see that your company’s high level of professionalism is still as i remember it. thank you again for the well and know that your prompt and friendly employees were great.”
d.s. — swanzey, nh









“i appreciate you doing such a great job. it is nice to see that there are some people left in this world that care of what kind of job they do. a job well done. thank you for caring. say hello to marvin, he is quite a guy.”
c.b. — east dover, vt









“cushing and sons, may i please begin by saying we were very impressed with your company. we called around 9:30 on friday morning and by 10:30 that same day two great men showed up at our door. both men were very professional. my husband and i have both worked in businesses with professionalism. this means a lot especially to us two elderly people. your employees went above and beyond with kindness and professionalism. thank you also for your professionalism. we would recommend cushing and sons to anyone.”
s.p. — jaffrey, nh









“bart & company. i very much appreciate your quick response to the water issue. i had forgotten that the control box was even in that closet! it’s always a chore when that closet has to be accessed. thanks again.”
k.g. — swanzey, nh









“thanks, you were very prompt about fixing the problem.”
m.c. — peterborough, nh









“thank you for your prompt and professional services. your guys are great, knowledgeable and it was a pleasure to have their help. i will always call cushing and sons for any well work and will be happy to tell all.”
m.e. — westmoreland, nh









“to bart cushing and sons. thank you for drilling our well and educating us in the process. as the owners of a reputable family business ourselves, we appreciate your hard work not only with the task at hand but also to good customer service. happy holidays, merry christmas to all of you.”
m.g. — amherst, nh









“dear bart, i am afraid i do not know your whole name, but i did not wish to miss the opportunity to thank you even so. i had called you on president’s day to ask your advice about water entering my basement via the well pump electrical conduit. we have no basement floor drain (!) and were feeling a bit desperate. you kindly (and correctly) suggested how we could draw down the water level and seal the conduit with spray foam – it worked like a charm! thank you so much!!!”
t.t. — cornish, nh









“thank you for such prompt courteous service! greg was great as was mr. bart in handling our h2o situation. kudos to cushing and sons!”
j.b. — gilsum, nh









“thank you again, very much, for a fine job!”
j.a. — post mills, vt









“cushing and sons did a great job. bill, josh and brian were all super! great communication and always pleasant to work with. if anyone i know needs a well or pump services cushing and sons will certainly get my recommendation. thank you very much.”
g.m. — swanzey, nh









“thank you, cushing and sons!!! from the first phone call we had great communication with brian and he kept us well informed through the duration of the project. we will definitely recommend your services, as we trust that you will do a good job again. keep up the good work.”
c.d. — springfield, vt









“the project went great, we worked with marvin – he was wonderful. he explained both the well and water system work that was to be done thoroughly. we would definitely use cushing and sons again. thank you.”
m.m. — hatfield, ma









“one word “superb!!” we decided to go with cushing and sons because of your sterling reputation as a local business for over 30 years. your crew did very good work inside and outside the house, drilling the well and installing the water system. thank you and you can count on us to refer customers to you because of the superb service that you offer.”
j.l. — fitzwilliam, nh









“your staff was very knowledgeable and professional, we were not disappointed. even with some personal family issues in the middle of things, everything ran smoothly. thank you.”









“i recently had a bad experience with a well issue for a bank owned property. it was constant confusion, missed and rescheduled appointments and an all-around bad experience. so, i was worried about who to call with our own well because of that. my friend recommended me to cushing and sons and am glad i called you too install our new well.”
t.j. — weathersfield, vt









“thank you!! my well pump went and i was without water. a friend of mine referred me to cushing and sons. bart took the time to talk the problem out with me and had a crew at my home later that day to fix things. i couldn’t believe how quickly we got our water back and it is greatly appreciated. like my friend, i will be referring people to cushing and sons.”
h.f. — walpole, nh









“i am very pleased with everything cushing and sons has done for me. i was referred to you by a friend. i see how you earned your reputation. what a great bunch of guys and they really know their jobs. i plan on recommending you a lot. thanks!!!!”
r.d. — lempster, nh









“cushing and son was prefect. our project went smoother than we could have imagined brian was very helpful and only a phone call away to answer our questions throughout the project. the crew that arrived to drill our well was on time and very professional. i have given your number to both of my sisters who are new to area, just in case. thank you!!!”
b.n. — so. acworth, nh









“you are very fortunate to have brian on your sales staff, he was excellent. very prompt and professional. i have driven by cushing and sons for years and now i know why you have been in business for over 40 years, you guys know your stuff. from the initial estimate to completion everyone was kind, knowledgeable and professional. i wanted it done right the first time and you guys sure delivered. i will refer you to my friends. thanks.”
m.r. — alstead, nh









“thank you!! the well project came out great. we were very happy with the whole process brian did good job with the estimate and explaining to us the work to be done. the crew that came to our home was prompt and very courteous. your survey asked for suggestions and we say “keep it the same”. we really appreciate the communication throughout the project. keep up the great work and we will be recommending cushing and sons.”
r.l. — rindge, nh









“a friend of mine recommended cushing and sons, saying they we very happy with your customer service and the timeliness on a pump repair that you did for them. after meeting with your salesperson brian, i understood why you were recommended. you did what you said and were honest. the project came out great and i will be using and recommending cushing and sons from here on out.”
l.f. — dunbarton, nh









“i contacted cushing and sons to deepen the existing well at my rental location. you were recommended by another contractor we use. i was extremely happy with the results. i was nervous about managing my project remotely but every time i called the phone was answered and i was able to talk to a live person!! i appreciate that!! the work was explained and done promptly. everyone at cushing and sons was polite and pleasure to work with. i would definitely recommend cushing and sons. thanks again for your service.”
b.d. — walpole, nh









“after meeting and getting estimates from several companies, i went with cushing and sons. it was your excellent customer service that sold me. your salesperson, marvin was very thorough with the estimate and made sure i understood all the variables involved. i was very happy with the results and would recommend cushing and son, inc. to anyone needing a well or pump repairs.”
p.h. — colrain, ma









“not knowing anything about wells or pumps we followed the recommendation of our builder and called cushing and sons to put in the well and water system for our new home. what a great experience! your sales person responded quick, we met for an estimate the same day we called. the crew that drilled our well was there on time and worked diligently to complete the drilling in only a day. and finally, the tech who installed the pump and tank took the time to explain our new water system to us and answer any other questions we had. great job!! i will be recommending your company in the future.”
t.m. — belchertown, ma









“first off let me say “job well done!” i am very satisfied with the work done by cushing and sons, inc. and will be recommending your company to anyone looking for well or pump services. from the knowledgeable sales people, marvin was a pleasure to work with. to the timely, considerate and experienced crew that drilled my well, they took the time to be sure all my questions were answered and that i fully understood what was to be done. your outfit does good work. thank you.”
s.m. — shellburne falls, ma









“we have a positive history with cushing and sons and this time was no exception. from your prompt and courteous salespeople to your reliable and professional crews. all my questions about the well and water system were explained. i would happily recommend your services to anyone in the market for a well or water system. keep up the good work.”
r.m. — brattleboro, vt









“having used cushing and sons, inc. to replace my well pump in the past, you were the first call i made when i was in need of a new well drilled. i was pleased with your prompt and professional service, exactly what i have come to expect from cushing and sons, inc.”
a.g. — northfield, ma









“you were recommended by a friend who had nothing but great things to say about cushing and sons. my request for an estimate was responded to by your salesperson, marvin, very quickly. i was very happy with the final results. i will definitely refer anyone looking for well or pump services to cushing and sons. thanks again.”
p.a. — orange, ma









“your team from the salesperson to the crew were very professional and reliable. i was happy with the results and the time marvin took to be sure i understood the work that was to be done. i would highly recommend you to anyone looking for a new well.”
m.d. — ludlow, ma









“i am very happy with cushing and sons, inc. your salesperson took the time to explain everything and answered all of my questions. the crew arrived on time and completed the project on schedule. as a past customer you were my first call, and having 3 more wells to install i will be in contact again soon.”
r.v. — belchertown, ma
















800-831-8883







631 route 12 north keene, nh 03431
local: (603)352-8866 fax: (603)357-8572



 







home
contact us
service area
customer reviews
 



cushing & sons | copyright 2014-2020 | powered by kww 





















