


maryland psychiatric research center (mprc)  | university of maryland school of medicine




















skip to main content






umsom
quick links


departments



anesthesiology


biochemistry and molecular biology


dermatology


diagnostic radiology and nuclear medicine


emergency medicine


epidemiology and public health


family and community medicine


medical and research technology


medicine


microbiology and immunology


neurobiology

neurology


neurosurgery


obstetrics, gynecology and reproductive sciences


ophthalmology and visual sciences


orthopaedics


otorhinolaryngology - head and neck surgery


pathology


pediatrics


pharmacology


physical therapy and rehabilitation science


physiology


psychiatry


radiation oncology


surgery




programs

aging, trauma, and emergency care (patec)
health equity and population health
neuroscience
oncology
personalized and genomic medicine

traumaveterinary resources



research centers


center for advanced research training & innovation (carti)
center for biomedical engineering and technologycenter for biomolecular therapeutics (cbt)
center for integrative medicine
maryland psychiatric research center (mprc)
center for research on agingcenter for shock, trauma and anesthesiology research
center for stem cell biology & regenerative medicine 
center for vaccine development and global health (cvd)
center for vascular & inflammatory diseases


institutes


institute for genome sciences (igs)
institute for health computing (ihc)
institute of human virology (ihv)
institute for neuroscience discovery (um-mind)

kahlert institute for addiction medicine



graduate programs
cibr cores
offices of the dean
giving


email

myumb
directory

events

tools

email
intranet

about
login


myumb
directory
        <1--map-->
        events







search












        maryland psychiatric research center (mprc)
        
      

menu








homeabout mprc

overview
mprc director
faculty
giving to mprc
directions

training & educationresearch

faculty
research programs
conte center
participate

clinical care

outpatient research program
treatment research program
first episode clinic
maryland early intervention program

newsdepartment of psychiatry


















 



maryland psychiatric research center (mprc)

          maryland psychiatric research center (mprc)




maryland psychiatric research center (mprc)mission statement
the maryland psychiatric research center (mprc) is an internationally renowned research center, which is dedicated to providing treatment to patients with schizophrenia and related disorders, educating professionals and consumers about schizophrenia, and conducting basic and translational research into the manifestations, causes, and treatment of schizophrenia.
the mprc is a university of maryland school of medicine (umsom) organized research center, which resides in umsom department of psychiatry and operates as a joint program between umsom and the maryland department of health.
the mprc is the home of the nimh-sponsored silvio o. conte center for translational mental health research.
the mprc is located in catonsville, maryland, just south of baltimore.post-doctoral research fellowships available
the maryland psychiatric research center (mprc), an international leader in schizophrenia and translational research, is accepting applications for a two-year training fellowship. the mprc has a strong record of helping fellows develop successful careers in diverse research areas within the context of schizophrenia and related disorders and new paradigms for discovery. see our website at https://www.mprc-t32-researchtraining.com.
current research areas include psychopharmacology, behavioral and developmental neuroscience, neurochemistry, neuroimaging, cognitive neuroscience, treatment trials, and genetics. please see www.mprc.umaryland.edu for information about the mprc's research programs and potential faculty mentors.
the goal of the fellowship is to train psychiatrists, psychologists, pharmacists, and basic scientists to become leading researchers in the area of schizophrenia and related disorders. the program combines individual mentored basic and clinical research with educational experiences including grant writing workshops and individualized career development.
applicants must hold an m.d. with completed residency training in psychiatry, a ph.d. in psychology, neuroscience, basic science relevant to the fellowship goal, or a pharm d. 
only u.s. citizens, non-citizen nationals, or permanent residents can apply.  positions start on or after july 1, 2021. applicants should send a statement of research interests, c.v., and 3 letters of recommendation to gregory elmer, ph.d., at gelmer@som.umaryland.edu.
the university of maryland, baltimore is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. 


give to center

join a study
videosrobert schwarcz, ph.d. wins the 2022 lieber prize for outstanding achievement in schizophrenia research from the brain & behavior research foundation

news and events








contact us
webmaster
web accessibility
site index
umb hotline
employment
notice of non-discrimination
map


facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram




university of maryland, baltimore
university of maryland medical center
health sciences and human services library


© university of maryland school of medicine, 655 w. baltimore street, baltimore md 21201












