








japanime | home



































please wait...





















close menu

home
what we do
our history

contact us









my video





j a p a n i m e

									books. culture. community.
									

experience it














what we do










book publishing

							japanime is the world's leading publisher of english-language educational manga. learn more about our books at our manga university publishing portal.
								



cooking classes

								put on an apron and grab a pair of chopsticks: manga cookbook contributor yoko ishihara conducts cooking workshops for aspiring chefs of all ages. 
								



drawing workshops

								learn how to draw manga with one of our professional artists. lessons are tailored to what you want to learn. we provide the paper and pencils — you provide the imagination!
								





homestay program

								make tokyo your next travel destination. our friendly, certified travel staff is eager to arrange accommodations for you in traditional tatami rooms on our campus.
								



language study

								interested in learning japanese? manga university's comic-style books are perfect for manga-lovers and beginners who want to have fun studying the language. 
								



video production

								let manga university create a manga-themed promotional video for your company or organization like those we've produced for wacom and clip studio paint pro.
								











award-winning books

										manga university, the publishing imprint of japanime, boasts a lineup of nearly three-dozen critically acclaimed volumes, including the manga cookbook, samurai confidential, edo cats and the kanji de manga series. our books have been translated into several languages, including french, spanish, german, portuguese and italian, and are sold worldwide.
										





manga university: educating with art

								our company motto reflects our commitment to creating products that are wholesome, informative and fun. we love manga, and believe it can — and should — be used for more than just great entertainment. illustrations simplify things that might be otherwise very difficult to understand.
								

								 more importantly, manga makes learning more fun! no one understands this better than a manga fan, and that's why we want to make books that teach you about the things you want to learn!
								
study with us








open campus: welcoming the world

								our offices are in kawaguchi city, which is just north of tokyo, in a sleek building that once served as a traditional japanese restaurant. while the pots and pans have been replaced by desks and computers, we have preserved the private tatami dining rooms. 
								

								today, those rooms host workshops and provide overnight accommodations for visiting scholars and overseas guests.
								
read with us





japanese culture

										the japanime building in kawaguchi city combines modern architecture with classic washitsu tradition. visitors often remark on the warm, almost nostalgic feeling they experience when seeing our campus for the first time. 
										














international teamwork

										at japanime, we bring scholars and students from all corners of the world together.
										





international teamwork:building relationships 

								we get e-mails every day asking about enrollment in manga university, but we simply call ourselves a university to emphasize the educational nature of our products and services.
								

								we do, however, regularly hold drawing workshops, language lessons, cooking demonstrations and other group activities. and our homestay program offers an excellent opportunity to experience japan firsthand. 
								
learn with us












our history










february 1998

										japanime is registered as a yugengaisha in kawaguchi city, japan, by newspaper journalist glenn kardy. eight months later, japanime toys opens in naka-cho, kawaguchi.
									







october 2000

										we partner with graphic-sha to publish our first book, "how to draw manga: getting started." the volume sells more than 100,000 copies, and is used in a drawing course at the university of california, los angeles.
									







july 2001

										we participate in our first overseas convention, san diego comic-con. since then, we have exhibited at more than 50 conventions and trade shows on four continents.
									







july 2004

										our first all-original publication, "kana de manga," is released. by the end of the year, it will have sold more than 15,000 copies.
									







december 2004

										we move into our present headquarters, the japanime campus building, in nishi-kawaguchi.
									







january 2006

										a partnership with japan's professional basketball league leads to the creation of several collectibles, including nearly a dozen sets of trading cards. among them is the tsubaraya-licensed "ultraman kaiju draft" collection.
									







november 2007

										"the manga cookbook" arrives in bookstores and whets appetites worldwide. four years later, the american library association places the book on the its prestigious list of "top 10 paperbacks for reluctant readers."
									







june 2015

										japanime partners with tablet-maker wacom to produce a series of "how to draw manga" videos. 
									

























contact us









japanime yugengaisha

									3-31-18 nishi-kawaguchi, japanime bldg 2f
kawaguchi-shi, saitama 332-0021 japan
phone : +81-48259-3444 email : sales@japanime.com











						© copyright 1998-2019 japanime co. ltd. all rights reserved.
"japanime" and "manga university" are registered trademarks of japanime co. ltd.
					












































