




paintball guide uk
















paintball guide uk

find a location



search


local landline rates - quote 'pg1' 0333 247 8001  office opening hours / request callback / email


check availability







home
find a site
prices
games
equipment
vouchers

contact

























108 sites


















vouchers
about us
free invitations
how to book


give them a gift they really want - apaintball voucher.
prices start from just £15 and are redeemable when booking at any of our paintball sites in the uk and ireland.
buy a voucher


find a paintball site
welcome to paintball guide.
your have reached the largest network of paintballing sites in the uk and ireland. a paintball network created by paintballers for paintballers, so that you can be assured you have come to the right place when it comes to paintballing expertise. set-up 15years ago before lots of imitators came on the scene, we provide an unrivalled paintball booking service with a slick online availability check as your booking is processed - totally unique to us.we then provide you with a professionally produced receipt with full details of your booking - together with details of the paintball site. book with confidence with the best outfit in paintball.
read more


booking your event couldn't be easier!
booking paintball with paintball guide couldn't be simpler.
first select the area of the country you would like to book your paintball event. the search result will then give you a choice of paintball site. once you have chosen the site you prefer, you can then simply book online.
an automatic availability check is done as your booking is processed, which makes it so much easier for you. alternatively, you can call our knowledgeable consultants on 0333 247 8001, who will be more than happy to assist you further.






prices

our pay as you play paintball package is suited to both adults and children.
read more




games

we have a variety of paintball games & missions to make your day action packed!
read more




equipment

free equipment hire is available at all our paintball sites, including: marker gun, face mask, overalls.
read more




vouchers

our paintball gift vouchers make a great gift & are redeemable at 108 sites nationwide!
read more















popular locations


paintball uk -paintballing in london
paintball uk -paintballing in manchester
paintball uk -paintballing in leeds
paintball uk -paintballing in birmingham



paintball guide

terms
equipment
missions
special offers
downloads
about us
faqs
delivery policies
public liability
cancellation insurance
ukpsf
gift experiences
site map


links

go karting
quad biking
rally driving
4x4 off road driving
clay pigeon shooting
laser combat
driving experiences
paintball in australia


contact us

 0333 247 8001
email

			paintball guide (sales office)
			15th floor (north), arena point
			merrion way
			leeds
			west yorkshire
			ls2 8pa
			




all images and text are protected by copyright and/or registered trademarks.reproduction without prior consent in writing will result in legal action. prices and other details were correct at time of publishing but may be subject to change. images are indicative of the activity described and not necessarily of a particular venue. e & o e













