





black forest















reel
bio
photos
recordingscalendar
contact































david garrison, best know for playing steve rhodes on the long-running tv show, “married with children," began his career as a member of the resident company at tony award-winning arena stage in washington, d.c. his broadway credits include serge b. samovar in a day in hollywood/a night in the ukraine, for which he received a tony award nomination and a drama-logue award; j. bruce ismay in the tony-winning titanic; the wizard of oz in wicked; peter dummermut in the visit; sandor in the faith prince revival of bells are ringing; c. edgar sloan in strike up the band and patrick dennis in little me(both for city center encores!); arnold beckoff in torch song trilogy; the police sergeant in the pirates of penzance; and david in christopher durang's a history of the american film.his off-broadway credits include the 30th anniversary revival of i do! i do!, for which he received a drama desk award nomination, by the way meet vera stark, geniuses, middletown, new jerusalem, the torch-bearers, the family of mann, terrence mcnally's it's only a play , charles busch's olive and the bitter herbs, and silence! the musical.read more >




david won a helen hayes award for his work as charlie in stephen sondheim's merrily we roll along at arena stage, and has been featured in prestigious regional productions of die fledermaus(santa fe opera), candide (glimmerglass opera), tom stoppard's travesties (williamstown theatre festival), and as the devil in the world premiere of randy newman's faust (la jolla/goodman). he played nathan detroit and the wizard of oz, respectively, in the first national tours of guys and dolls and wicked, receiving a carbonell award for the latter. david's other television credits include norman on "it's your move" and stan on "working it out," as well as guest appearances on "unbreakable kimmy schmidt," "madame secretary," "the good wife," "30 rock," "law and order," "the west wing," "the practice," "nypd blue," "without a trace," "everybody loves raymond," "judging amy," "murphy brown," "murder she wrote," "ed," "l.a. law," tom clancy's "op center" and the pbs great performances presentations of "on the town" with the london symphony and "ira gershwin at 100: a celebration at carnegie hall." in addition to the cast albums of hollywood/ukraine, titanic, bells are ringing, i do! i do!, on the town and the visit, david's many recordings include songs of new york, show boat, kiss me kate, annie get your gun, of thee i sing/let em eat cake, girl crazy, you never know, tell me more, oh! lady! lady!!, george and ira: standards and gems, and dawn upshaw sings rodgers and hart (guest artist). he is a summa cum laude graduate of boston university's school of theater arts, and is the recipient of its distinguished alumni award.close >

































































































































































































































the great american mousicaljuly 11-28the legacy theatrebranford, ctmusic by zina goldrich lyrics by marcy heisler book by hunter bell based on the book by julie andrews and emma walton hamiltondirected by julie andrewschoreographed by tony award–winner christopher gattelliassociate director stefanie anarumo






cornerstone talent(212) 807-8344steve stonesteve@cornerstonetalent.netsms talent(310) 289-0909donna massetti donna@sla.com













copyright 2024david garrison







