




bri-bri's journal







































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































b_dawg1125
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














b_dawg1125







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement













bri-bri's journal




> recent entries
> calendar
> friends
> profile
> previous 20 entries














tuesday, july 15th, 2014

12:18 am - world cup finals



2006 - working as a valet at the clarion hotel in nantasket.2010 - watching the game with lindsay in a bar in cambridge.2014 - sitting at my grandmother's watching the match .. alone.... i hope 2018's is more exciting.



(comment on this)


thursday, june 5th, 2014

12:05 am - stale aa donuts are sustaining me.



so i read my old entries from 5 years ago and 10 years ago. my life is nothing like i had hoped it would be like at this (st)age. i'm so disappointed with myself... anti-depressants aren't working. not drinking isn't working. i'm running out of options. i just hate everything. i also hate feeling sorry for myself.i wonder how jason is doing. i wonder how lindsay is doing. i wonder how giuseppe is doing. heck, i wonder how skye is doing. remember him? from first semester '05? he's probably the rich and snobby 27 year old i wanted to be. i wonder if he's ever thought of me. not obsessively, of course. just in passing. or maybe even samantha levine -- who i became close with sophomore year, then never talked with again come 2008. or elise edgerton from bc who i volunteered with at the blc. or kirk wilbur i became friends with sophomore year, then fell away from, then rekindled the fun when he was an ra with lindsay. i wish i kept in contact with people i genuinely enjoyed spending time with. it sucks not having anyone. but, i put myself into this situation. i also keep myself here.hope your 2014 is going better than mine.-brian



(comment on this)


saturday, january 18th, 2014

2:03 pm - i should read this the next time i yearn for a martini.



i'm writing this because i don't want to forget.the thursday before last (the 9th), i had a bit of a slip. well, more than a slip. i relapsed. it wasn't a 'have half a beer and realize you were in the wrong' kind of relapse. it was more of a 'i'm getting drunk and i'm not even going to try and hide it' kind of day.it was so bad i ended up at the brigham and women's er later that night. my mom and dad chauffeured me in town. i was interviewed by the psychiatrist on duty. some other nurses got my vitals. all standard procedure. once my parents left (at about 2 am), i was transported to my own 'room'. i stayed in that room (and pretty much in that bed) from 2 am friday to 5 pm saturday. lots of time to think, in other words. the time dragged on. it was horrible. i didn't sleep much (it was the er, after all). after talking with another psychiatrist, a social worker/her colleague, and a pa, it was decided i should go to a dual diagnosis/crisis stabilization unit once a bed opened up. i was told around 3 pm saturday i'd be transported to the cambridge csu once the bed that was reserved for me opened up. once the ambulance arrived to transport me showed up, i was no sooner on the gurney and out the door. the paramedics who transported me were pretty nice to chat with. they seemed rather non-judgemental. i appreciated that.the cambridge csu (conveniently located in somerville) was and is a good place to go to recoup after a relapse. the unit only has 6 beds and only 3 staff on per shift (a nurse, a counselor, and an np). when i got there, there were only two other patients there. once was a man with what seemed to be alcohol induced dementia. the other was a man who checked himself in voluntarily because that weekend was the two year anniversary of his son's suicide; and he was in a bad place emotionally. throughout the night, three other patients were admitted. full capacity. two of the newbies were drug addicts. one needed a place to stay for a night so he could get his methadone the next day. the other said he was overworked. the last admittance was a 51 year old woman who had been clean for a number of years but over the past few months, had slipped into her old ways. her name was lynne.she was the other patient i gravitated towards the most during my stint there. she had genuine compassion. it was nice to have human contact. since we'd both be there for the same amount of time- i think subconsciously, we knew we should make the best of the situation. we did crosswords together. we watched tv. we talked about how we had each ended up here. i want to thank her to listening. other people have listened and talked to me before- but unless you are an alcoholic/addict, you don't understand completely. we both had messed up our respective sobriety. we both had no one to blame but ourselves. but, we both wanted to get better. we weren't bad people who went to jail. we were sick people who needed help to get on the path to getting well. i hope she's okay. we'll more than likely never meet again. and that's okay. she really made my time there tolerable. i hope she knows that.the nurse who was there saturday and sunday nights (lauren) was also an angel. as was the counselor on duty sunday night (johnny). lauren and i talked about our college years and just shot the breeze while everyone else was napping off their heroin binges. johnny and i also watched the golden globes. after a while we were talking about movies and actors and whatever else the awards show prompted. we did some crossword puzzles too, during the commercials. he was really sweet. it didn't help he was really attractive (to me). i hope he knows how much him just hanging out with me really meant to me. it's a shame i'll probably never see either of those two again, either.i want to write a card and send it to the unit. they probably don't get much in the way of reflection from patients. they were just doing their jobs. but, to me it felt like they were going above and beyond the call of duty.anyway, i've been home since last tuesday. i'm moving to quincy today (into my grandmother's home). maybe this will be a change i need to better my life. the past 2.5 years have been tough. every time i took a step forward, i'd take two back. i'm 27 now, and i need to get my life on track.so i wish lynne the best in her recovery. i wish lauren and johnny all the best.i'll update another time (hopefully, with only good news.)-brian
current mood:  contemplative


(comment on this)


thursday, january 2nd, 2014

11:44 am - a decade



so it's a new year. on the 21st of december in 2012 the apocalypse was to occur. i've been living life as though it had happened. i did absolutely nothing of note with my 2013. it was by far the least productive year during which i've had the pleasure of not dying. i can only hope i get my ducks in a row this year. the plan is in place for me to do that .. but i know i need to follow through with the plan. anyway- since it's a new year; i want to list how i've celebrated the past new years'.2003/2004: at a stop sign. i had just gotten my frankie, the sexy grey brick of a bmw, a few days prior. eric and andrew in eric's car along with andrea and me in my car were driving back to andrea's place to see the ball drop. time management was never my strong suit, and i've done little to aid myself in that area of my life. so.. we missed the ball drop. i was at a stop sign as the radio announced the new year and immediately started playing 'new year's day' by u2. how.. kitsch.2004/2005: kamp club in providence. ahh senior year of high school. eric had done a skosh of modeling at barbizon in 2004. he met some, well, interesting people in the program. he officially was out, too. two of his friends from the modeling biz invited him to go a nye party at the club. so george, taylor, and i met up with eric and his two sassy amigas at the club and danced the night away. i remember i had wore as an ensemble a lime green tee shirt (probably from fancy-schmancy macy's), a royal blue tie skinny tie around my neck, a grey blazer (i bought at the salvation army for a farthing), black denim pants, and a pair of running sneakers. wow, i was trying so hard to be so 80's. was i ringing in '05 or '85? lawllzzz.2005/2006: at brenna's house. i dunno how the hell we ended up at her place. brenna, taylor, george, eric, and i were home on winter break. we hadn't see each other in about 3.5 months or so. george and eric were dating now. it was slightly awkward; because i had feelings for george that summer. i was out now, too. we all ended up watching 'titanic'. it was weird. but, doesn't everyone try to hang on to their close high school friends during college? "we're gonna be friends forever!!" right? pah!2006/2007: first night in boston. i met jason that autumn. we became pretty close friends over those few months. it was decided that jason and i would meet up with two of his high school friends (he was a year below me- so he was doing what i was doing the previous year..) in boston. james and terry were their names. they quasi-dated in high school. it was a fun night. i didn't get a kiss, but, i got a bro side-hug from jason. he was still a little self conscious around his friends. d'awww!2007/2008: jason's dorm. ugh.. this one should have been so much better. jason and i were going to spend the night alone in his dorm (as his roomies were gone on break), but matt marando ended up with us. i liked matt a lot.. and i don't think he meant to  end up as the third wheel. i'm pretty sure his brother cancelled so he hung out with us. bless matt's heart- he didn't get the hint. oh well, it could have been worse.2008/2009: some party in brighton. i was working at legal's at this time. eric was at a party in brighton with his starbucks friends. he invited val and me (since we both were working that night) to the party. val invited her potential beau tim and i invited my friend sean along. he was a newly out boy from wentworth. he was cute. after the party we dispersed. sean and i ended up at his family's income property in southie. we had some more champagne and fell asleep on the sectional. innocent and playful all in one.2009/2010: the four's in norwell. time to ring in a new decade! i was working at the summer shack now. i closed the restaurant with a few people- one of whom was danielle. we got out of the establishment way after 11. she knew the bartender on at the four's that night and suggested we go there. there were a few others around the bar- not crowded but not desolate. it was actually a decent atmosphere. she and i rang in the new year with schmaltzy knockoff champagne in a cute gay boy/straight 20 year old girl kind of way. she was adorbs.2010/2011: in line for club cafe. giuseppe and i were meeting some friends at club cafe. again, we were late. probably on the account i didn't want to pay for parking; so i parked in a free spot and lugged the poor boy 10 blocks to the club. anyway, they let people into the club in groups of 15 or so. gup and i were the last to be cut off. so, at midnight, he and i were the first two outside of the door waiting to get in. didn't stop us from making out like horny devils, but, whatever. yolo, as the children say.2011/2012: my parent's driveway. ugh.. not a good one. i was living at a sober house waiting to get into residential treatment. new years fell on a weekend so i could take a weekend pass. fresh out of rehab and maybe 45 days sober, i drove into boston and got blackout drunk. i'm not sure how, but i managed to make it back to my parents' place. just.. bad, all the way around.2012/2013: providence alca-thon. sober for this bad larry. went to the church where i normally attended my saturday night meeting. there were three meetings each separated by a half hour mingling period- beginning at 7:30. it was enjoyable enough. mostly joked around with sean all night. by 12:01, we were on the road on our way back home. meh.2013/2014: bed. i had watched part of the dick clark's new year's rockin' eve ft. ryan seacrest and ms. griffin and mr. cooper during the plentiful commercial breaks. at 11:52 i went to bed. i heard the fireworks from towns away go off a few minutes later. i knew i had begrudgingly made it through another calendar year.so. those are the past 10 12/31-1/1 of my life. if you told me 10 years ago that those would be how i would ring in the next decade's worth of years.. i probably would have unbuckled my seatbelt and not tested out the brakes at the stop sign in frankie back then. nyuk nyuk nyuk.only i can ensure the next ones are enjoyable. here's to 10 more. happy 2014.-brian
current mood:  recumbent


(comment on this)


sunday, november 11th, 2012

1:46 am - recalling moments



driving through los angeles in kate's cr-v while listening to the new radicals back in april of '05 is still considered one of the great moments i've had. it was so simple: great song. driving standard. city where you don't know your way around. sunny day. it just worked.anyway. i need to remind myself that life is supposedly "full" of these moments. they're also things i should "live" for. i need to "savor" them. it's a shame i only recall the ones which occurred years ago.at any rate ... have a lovely slumber!-brian
current mood:  pensive


(comment on this)


wednesday, october 3rd, 2012

6:43 pm - life update



well good afternoon charming reader,i haven't given this journal a solid update in over a year. let's see how not using my brain constructively since 2010 effects my writing abilities!living life in adherence to the chris farley mantra certainly didn't work out for me (or for him, really). drinking excessively from 2009-2011 landed me in a big steaming pot of trouble; relationally with everyone and legally with, well, the legal system. since the august 26, 2011, i've been on the road to recovery. not going to front for even a sentence -- it hasn't been easy.on that date my parents took me to brockton hospital. i was just coming down from a four or five day bender during which time i drank everything and anything i could get my hands on. (even the whipped cream with alcohol extract!) after a good 30 hours of laying on a gurney in the hallway, i was admitted to the dual diagnosis center of the hospital. it was there, during the groups throughout the day, i first learned about the fact i may be an alcoholic. as this was my first ever exposure to recovery, it was only natural i was filled with hope and promise. i thought i was going to get out of there after a few days and change my life for good! and believe you me, i planned on sticking to that plan. as i was doing my exit plan, one of the nurses recommended i seek outpatient care. the day after i left, i started an outpatient program in brookline.i quite liked the program. i had drive into boston for 9:30. while most people would have looked for something closer, or something not in the city for that hour, i reveled in the thought. i'm an odd duck, as i don't mind sitting in traffic. even though i'm alone in my car, i find it to be one of the more social activities out there. everyone else on the road has a destination, too. we all have to act as a team not to hold each other up. i won't cut you off, as long as you don't cut me off. or, i won't cause an accident which screws everyone's day up. i know that wasn't executed eloquently, but that's the best i can do right now. anyway, i loved my saab and i love boston. so, whatever, i have to get up at 8 to be there on time, big deal. after the program had ended for the day, i would stick around boston and attend an aa meeting at night. this is how i maintained sobriety for a month on my own. i met some nice people, and once i get a car, i fully intend to go back to some of the meetings and reconnect with the people i met 13 months ago.after a month of the program, going back to doing nothing with my days was a difficult transition. it would only be a matter of days before i picked up again. i had way too many excuses for it; boredom, unemployed, no friends nearby, breakup with the significant other, etc. but the truth of the matter was, i wanted to drink, no matter how long i denied the notion. after a few days of sneak-drinking, i couldn't hide it. my parents caught onto me, and back to an inpatient unit i went. this time, however, i wasn't lucky enough for classy brockton -- i was taken to arbor fuller in jamaica plain. i still maintain that the 100 hours i spent in that ward was the worst 100 hours of my life. the people in the ward with me weren't nearly as friendly or as optimistic as the people in c3 (brockton). i looked forward to their smoking breaks so i could sit in silence for 10 minutes. or cry -- usually cry. i ended up missing my cousin's wedding and my sister's birthday while i was in there, too. when i was released, i walked from af to my dad's office at northeastern. i waited for a good hour for him by his car so he could drive me home. after 5 days not on a charger, my phone was dead, after all. the worst part about getting my phone back onto the charger that night was that i didn't have one missed call or text message during the 5 days i was gone. not even a lousy bill collector! that night i hit the bottle.another three weeks later, i landed in a real detox. not a dual diagnosis "spin dry" ward. i couldn't control my drinking; i was miserable. it was obvious i couldn't stop on my own, and my parents couldn't do anything for me, either. the choice was detox or the streets. on november 8 last year, my mom and dad dropped me off at gosnold in falmouth. i was sober, too. being the raging booze-bag that i was, i still thought you had to enter a detox sober. at the detox, i learned quite a lot than i ever did during the 20 minute groups in the wards. my counselor at the detox recommended i go into long-term rehab for the next month. i could only agree. after all, who in the outside world was going to miss me? the cashier at rosie's liquors? i weighed the options and deduced she could get on without me.a week after i entered detox, i was driven to gosnold's rehab program in cataumet. i spent the next 21 days there. this may sound weird; i loved rehab. being stuck on the cape in the winter was fantastic metaphor: being surrounded by death to bring back my life. the view from the rehab was a cranberry bog with bare trees encircling it. how norman rockwell could you get? at any rate, it was an amazing experience. all the people there were not drooling opiate junkies, shaking alcoholics and tweaking methheads -- they were all simply sick people trying to get well. we all got to know the true person who was being hidden by addiction. i genuinely cared for everyone i met there. the staff were phenomenal as well. each was a recovering addict/alcoholic. they all knew what we were going through and could relate to use on a human level. you can't simply understand from reading a chapter in an addiction textbook the feeling of crying softly as you pour a drink in the morning; hoping no one in you family hears you, not wanting to drink it, but being unable to walk past it. anyway, back at rehab, my counselor suggested i look into a treatment center to live at for when i left the rehab. i had an interview scheduled at north cottage the next day. after the interview (which i nailed, i guess) i was put onto a waiting list.when my stint in rehab (still sounds cool to say that, in a wannabe badass way) ended, i lived at a sober house until i was off the waiting list. i lived there for exactly one month from december 10 to january 9. the two positives of living there were: i had my own room and i had my turbocharged swedish hatchback sitting in the driveway. the negative: my 3 roommates were bros; definitely not my flights worth of tea. however, we put up with each other and the month trudged by.on january 10 of this year, i moved into the intensive treatment program building at north cottage. i was there until the 8th of april. after that, i moved into the halfway house and was there until the 24th of august. since then, i've moved into the sober house. while at ncp, i don't feel like i have changed from who i was over a year ago. my parents keep telling me they see the change. maybe i'll be able to look back and see what they are seeing now. it's still a struggle. i still yearn to be a "regular" 25 year old and go out to clubs .. and be fabulous. maybe someday in the future. probably never, though. being here, i have made great friendships with peter, mike and sean. while i've made acquaintances with many others, those three are my biggest support system here. for real, love those queens.the best part about all of this has been my trip to spain. from 8/26-9/13 i was across the pond. it was glorious. my aunt kate took me with her and her friends on a pilgrimage across northern spain. we hiked from leon to santiago on the much revered camino de santiago de compostela. it was utterly marvelous to get the hell out of norton and focus on  being introspective with myself. spending day in and day out with my aunt and her friends was something i greeted with an abundant amount of trepidation. looking back, i can't believe i ever harbored such feelings. i can't even begin to wax loquacity about the trip. there are just too many positive things i can say, that there simply aren't enough adjectives in the english language with which to laden the memories. the pictures will hopefully be here soon, so i can plaster them on facebook.now that i've been back for almost 3 weeks, i was hoping things would be different. i thought i'd have a job by now. i'm trying not to be discouraged, but it is incredibly difficult to not be such a miserable lump when you're flat broke. the jobs to which i've applied are by no means taxing on the mind or body -- they're menial positions. it's almost embarrassing to be running through hoops to stand behind a cash register or unload donuts at the crack of dawn. on the plus side, my mother came down today. she took me the dollar store for some cheap goods and and then out for a scrumptious lunch at cosi cafe. i applied to a few more stores online after she dropped me off. i'll be keeping my fingers crossed!i believe i'm as caught up as can be. i'd like to think i'll update this more often. check back and see! i love you all!-brian
current mood:  complacent


(comment on this)


monday, july 30th, 2012

6:19 pm - look what i just dug up..!



while cleaning out some scheiße from my computer i found this old journal entry i never posted. my guess it's from 2009 sometime. once you get to car number 2 .. i think you may appreciate why i'm putting this up.hiiii journal!i feel irrationally guilty for not updating this thing now that it's back in my life. howevahh, i really don't have much going on, so it's kind of ridic for me to waste my time (and yours) by writing in this thing.ohhhh wellllll, now that i've started, i just can't stop. (think pringles .. remember pringles?!)hmm .. on all of these auto websites there are always these lists for "the best cars for under $10k!" or "what to buy with basically nothing to your name!" they always get me thinking. and, since i really don't know what else to dally on about, i've compiled my "top 5 cars i should have bought with my down payment money opposed to digging myself into financial ruin with the red mazda!" list. the price point which the cars prices do not pass is the $5,000 mark .. just in case you were wondering.i'm starting off the list with an "honorable mention." whatever, it's my list, i'll do what i want. technically, this car is number 6 .. and i'll explain why!6.) 1987 citroen cx. the big citroen isn't really on my list because they never really sold them in the us .. any that were on our proud soil were imported via the grey market. there are a few around today, so technically i could have bought one. i think these are the coolest cars ever made. (just google it) the interior gorgeous, and as jc pointed out, very farfetched to everything else on the market. plus, the turbo model made it one of the fastest passenger cars of the time, with a top speed knocking on 140 mph. look at it this way, back in the 80's, joanne woodward appeared in an audi 5000 commercial. wanna hazard a guess at who starred in the citroen cx (a 5000 competitor) commercial? .. nope, it was grace jones. and in the 80's, you couldn't get much crazier than grace jones.time for the "real" list:5.)  2000 volvo s70 t5. i've always had an affinity for volvos. my first car was one, perhaps that's why. the s70 is pretty much just an 850 with some smoother lines and a new name. but the t5 was available with a manual transmission, unlike previous "go-faster" volvos. basically, that's the only thing i care about in my car, a manny-tranny (as lame as that is). the engine sounds great, being a turbocharged 5-cylinder. hooked up to the manual in 4th gear, passing on the freeway would have been a delight for all senses, excluding taste. (well, maybe taste, as i'd taste the sweetness of victory in a lane change). the alloy wheels have a great design to them. in bright red with a tan interior, you'd have yourself a winner.4.) 1988 bmw 325ix. i know, i already owned an e30 1980's bmw. but, i do look back on mine (the worst model .. sedan, automatic, 2.7 liter engine) quite fondly. so, imagine how awesome i'd look back on this car (the best model .. coupe, manual, 2.5 liter engine) if i had one of these instead! 1988 3-series bmw's had new rear lights, but kept the old bumpers .. and i love that look. (they changed the body again in 1989, making everything one color). the '88 ix also came with 15" wheels(!!), which make it look .. better somehow. plus, it was equipped with all-wheel-drive. as they say, in some areas, all-wheel-drive is nice, in others (ie new england) it's a must. i'll take mine in grey with a red leather interior, please.3.) 1986 mercedes-benz 190e 2.3-16. yes, it has a long name. and no, it isn't the diesel benz your grandmother still drives today as if it were still worth $30,000. i actually looked at one of these before i bought the mazda .. and i really enjoyed it. it was the wrong color (.. gold) but i could have gotten past that. it had a chunky 80's body kit and a huge rear spoiler. those gave it the look as if it were something of an understated bruiser. the dogleg transmission would have taken time to get used to, but after stalling it a few times trying to take off in second would have taught me. if it were black, perhaps it would have sold me.2.) 1993 saab 900 turbo. it's a cop out, but i've loved these saabs for as long as i can remember. i probably test drove 10 of them since i've had my license. they've looked old since the first once rolled off the assembly line (way back in 1979), and they didn't change much until the last ones (in convertible form) ceased production 15 years later. have you ever seen one being driven recklessly? no, which is why they're a sound purchase. they feel like you're driving an old car; but it feels great to drive. there's acres of headroom and the shifter falls to hand perfectly. plus, the boost needle dances to even the slightest tap of the throttle. i guess it's the little things. oh, and let's not forget that wonderful wiper design. one of my top 5 favorite cars of all time, easily. gimme a dark green one with a tan interior, pleaseeee...*drum roll*1.) 1994 audi s4. this car has little bits of each of other cars on my list. it has a suped-up engine in an "ordinary" body, like the benz. it has all-wheel-drive, like the bmw. it has a turbo'd 5-cylinder engine like the volvo. lastly, it's freaking hard to come by like the saab. it has everything i'd ever need, and nothing i don't. about two months ago, i saw a pearlescent white one for sale at a used car dealership. my heart melted when i saw they wanted (only) $4,795 for it. it's the car i should have bought. it's the car i wish i bought. ahh yes, the ur-s4 takes the cake. chapeau!hmm .. that was random, and i really didn't sit down to type all that. but, on the plus side, that did eat up about an hour. fantastic.on another hand, it looks like i'll be back in school (full-time) for january. i have all the paperwork, and my stuff is filled out. now alls i need are the right signatures and i'll be registering for classes quicker than you can say "bob's your uncle"/"jan's your aunt!" (we live in a pc world, gotta include both sexes!) so, that's splendid. huzzah.i'll write some other time amigos (and about more pressing issues),-brian j
current mood:  silly


(comment on this)


wednesday, april 25th, 2012

8:47 am



we're not friends.we're strangers with shared memories.
current mood:  lonely


(comment on this)


friday, june 10th, 2011

5:43 pm - so, this is my life now



hello again,how on hell did i end up here? how the hell did i go from being a perfectly average, normal, happy (<-- wow, i have such a way with adjectives) college student (at a great school, and for free, i may add) living in the heart of a major city to working crappy hours at target in the morning/waiting tables at night and on weekends and then sleeping in the same bed i slept in during high school?well, lots, i guess. alcohol for one. back when i lived at school, i only would go out on weekends and maybe once during the school week .. if i didn't have an early class the next day. i never kept booze in my fridge. i only though alcoholics would keep a handle of vodka in the freezer for their rainy wednesday nights. i knew i would go out on friday or saturday, it was part of the schedule, much like my v&a class was on mondays and thursdays from 11:45-1:25. it was going to happen. always pretty much planned for it. but how did partying with friends at clubs on weekends turn into such a hard task for me to manage?moving home in 2009 certainly didn't help. pretty much everyone i knew was graduating and/or moving away. i was depressed that i wasn't getting to where i wanted to be quickly enough. i threw in the towel, and my semester off from school to figure things out, subsequently turned into a year of drinking and depression. don't get me wrong, i had plenty of jolly times that year, and i met some lovely people. however, if i could go back, i would have just stuck with classes and at least graduated in 2010.i drank much more than i do now. mainly because i don't have a way of getting any alcohol. oh, you haven't heard? well 4 months and 2 days ago, i was arrested for an oui. just what i've always wanted on my record. i'm not under house arrest, but it sure feels like i am. unless someone is home and going in the direction i need to go, i don't go anywhere. i walk to and from target (it's a nice walk, i don't mind it at all actually) and i walk around the neighborhood to keep myself from forming a permanent ass-groove in my chair.the worst part is how i feel about myself now. i know people have told me the positives, that life could be much worse, but i did this to myself. i made myself into the 24 year old living at home with no diploma, no car, no life. i have two people i talk to. lindsay and giuseppe. other than them, my phone doesn't light up or make a noise. it sounds pathetic, having two friends, but if i didn't have them, i shudder to think of where i would be. (dead, probably)however, speaking of giuseppe, i hate the fact that i used to be someone he would look up to. the older college boyfriend with the flashy red car, an outgoing group of friends, and with some money in his pocket. and this wasn't even a year ago. he's a saint for putting up with all of this. i've hit rock bottom (after being put on academic probation, getting my oui, being mugged twice in the same week, being fired from my job, and having to sell my car) and he knows i have. he's only giving me one chance to change my life around before he leaves me. and who could blame him? if i lose him, it'll be my own fault. but getting two jobs, going to my classes, and banking pretty much all i make, is me showing him i'm doing all that i can; trying to keep my nose clean and do the right things. i honestly love him with all of my heart. i'm getting better not just for me, but for him and me. us. on a side note, he's on a plane right now to italy. i was invited to go on the trip by the matriarch of the ciavarros .. and i'm so so sorry i'm missing out on a european adventure :( and it would have taken our relationship to a new level. i hear traveling with your significant other does that. hopefully i can find out someday..my life, where it is now, could have been prevented. but it didn't happen over night. it happened gradually over a year to 18 months. my life isn't going to get better over night. it's a struggle, but that's where i am.to end, i'm incredibly depressed. i have no social life. i'm not using my brain. i don't have my diploma. i live at home. i have no summer plans. i don't own a car. my mother is the only member of my family i talk to. i work with burnouts who i used to judge, but have now become.but, lindsay and giuseppe love me (in different ways) and i love them (differently, again) talking to them daily really makes this whole .. hole i'm in much more livable; and helps me realize there is a way out of it.toodles for now,-brian
current mood:  exanimate


(comment on this)


sunday, march 27th, 2011

2:22 am - i don't like change...



i'll have an honest to goodness update sometime in the not-so-distant future.but..this is the first saturday night & sunday, since last july, which i'm not spending with my boyfriend. :(i'm sad.
current mood:  sad


(comment on this)


thursday, january 14th, 2010

12:39 pm - spring semester '10



uggghhhhclasses started this week. what funnnn!! not. at least i'm taking advertising and promotional culture with sophie. makes the whole ... schlepping to that class not as miserable.because i'm stuck commuting (wa-f*cking-hoo) i'm only taking classes twice a week -- on tuesdays and fridays. and joy of joys, they're brimmed with excitement from 8 in the morning until 5 in the afternoon. yes, that does mean i get stuck in the early am traffic as well as the pm rush hour. the schedule is as follows: i nonchalantly waft out of here at 6:30 in the morning, and casually saunter into chez fitzgerald at 6:30 in the eve. if there is one silver lining, it's that i do have a break between 11:30 and 1:25. something tells me (let's call it a hunch) i'll be using that time to chill in the library and do homework.whatevezzz, i'll graduate soon enough. it's so close, but this final run is going to be such a bitch.
current mood:  lethargic


(comment on this)


tuesday, january 5th, 2010

1:36 am - bienvenue: deux mille dix



hey friends!happy new year/decade!!!been a couple of weeks since i've updated .. sooo guess i'll get you up to snuff.over x-mas break, i saw plenty of the relatives. i saw juuussttt enough of them to make it fun, without overstepping the line into unneeded togetherness. on christmas everyone came to our house, then a few days later (sunday?) my grandmother had a substantial shindig at her place, where i got to see everyone (and then some) again! yayyy. lastly, on the 31st, i drove in bright n' early to quincy to have breakfast w/ my aunt kate, gram & anna. ehhh .. two outta three ain't bad. whatever, gram and kate were a delight. kate made her delish cornmeal pancakes. mmmmm .. they'll hold me over for another year! :)work's been fun. everyone at the shack is pretty awesome, so spending out of work time with them has been a hoot. i spent new year's at the fours w/ danielle. the next night, leo, katie, danielle and i went into town for a comedy show. overpriced, but hey, can't put a price on company, only the venue. this last saturday, i went skiing @ wachusett. it was supposed to be with the crew the night before (and a few others) but katie and danielle bailed .. so it ended up being a lot of bonding time with leo. good thing we can stand one another.these past few weeks have been fun .. i've met new peeps outside of work and school, and caught up with old loose ends. i'd like to think the year ended on a good note.hmmmm but for the new year?! what elllsseee?! classes start next monday! thank heavens! i need to get back to school, just to graduate, if nothing else. oh, and to get the h outta h-town.oh, and according to eric i'm a dork because i watched grey gardens (for the eleventeenth time) last night..alrighty, well i'm beat so i'm gonna hit the hay. keep ya up to date with all the happenings soon!-brianps - i bought a blackberry .. finally up the rest of you in 2010 with your smart phones..
current mood:  content


(comment on this)


monday, december 21st, 2009

5:48 pm - hmmph. leave it to me.



christmas is only a few days away.i have little time to get all my shopping in .. & i have even less money than time to get all these gifts purchased.:(i hate having no money to spend around christmas. the past three years i've gone all out with the gift buying .. but this year, people will be getting socks and hugs.more soon,-bri
current mood:  stressed


(comment on this)


thursday, december 10th, 2009

12:43 am - jottings



wahooo ... i'm baaaaaack! (with a real entry, to boot)christmas is coming up in a little over two weeks!! the tree is up and decorated, as is the rest of the house! that always gets me in the christmas-y spirit! (and why wouldn't it?!) too bad i'm too broke to really go all out with the gift purchasing. :-( i really want to go to nyc for a day or two to do all my shopping (as i did in 2007) but unless i stumble onto a bag of money, i doubt it'll happen...hmmm .. the best part about starting a new job is definitely hanging out with your knew co-workers. and by hang out i mean do hours worth of sidework and gossip at work .. then leave and toss back the drinks. the new job is working out well so far (haven't been canned!!) and everyone i work with is pretty chill. ya know, for sosho people.ohhhh .. and i'm going back to nu in januaryyyy!! (wicked excited to take classes again!)this gap year was the biggest mistake of my short life. first, stopping classes has turned my brain to mush. honestly, i feel stupid. moving out of boston, and back home, was also a lousy choice. coming home from school randomly for a night every once and awhile used to be fun. there'd be a real meal deb would have made for the occasion, i'd talk about my classes and what's up with friends/jobs, then i'd leave in the am. now .. my dad and i don't really talk unless we're at some family gathering or one of my friends is over. what else?? oh, i bought a car on which i owe more money than it's currently worth .. (the damn thing can depreciate faster than it can accelerate).whatever. hopefully finishing my degree this upcoming year will help the negatives turn into 'manageable' negatives. i'd really like to get back into the city (or at least out of my parent's home), attempt to sell/trade my car, and start to pay back most of the money i owe. it's going to be a new decade .. and i have to start this one on the right foot.guess that's all for now. catch y'all later on the flipside...-brian
current mood:  okay


(comment on this)


sunday, december 6th, 2009

6:58 pm - a random act of unkindness



i was punched in the face the other night. for being gay. now, i have a black eye.as much as that pisses me off to no end .. it's how i acted afterwards in front of everyone which embarrasses me more than anything.i don't like people seeing me in such a state. (especially people who don't know me all that well...) eric tells me i said some pretty horrible things after the incident occurred. and i know i can't take the words back ... but knowing i went off for the entire drive home is making me sick to my stomach. as bruised, black & blue my face is, i'm just as ashamed and apologetic for my actions after 2 am.ugh, well i hope the swelling/color goes down over the next day or so .. because working with a black eye is awkward to the maxxx. ya know, mainly because coworkers/customers keep asking what happened for every 14 seconds or so.hope all is well with y'all. i'll give a real update soon...-bri
current mood:  crappy


(comment on this)


sunday, november 15th, 2009

2:53 am - hooooo hum...



recently i've gotten really into f1. well, not even f1 from today, but f1 from the 70's and 80's. ugh. how cool were those drivers? how awesome were those cars?? how glamorous was the lifestyle?!too bad i wasn't born a son of a racing driver so i could just have an automatic in into the sport. and be that much closer to sebastian vettel. rawrrr...oh well, a boy can dream. ah dreams; one of the three things i can claim as my own .. along with my joy and my sadness.g'nite,brianps - the new season of top gear premieres tonighhhttt!!
current mood:  dorky


(comment on this)


tuesday, october 27th, 2009

3:08 pm - anything is interesting if you look at it long enough



stop the stopwatches!!!because, finally, i start my new job next week .. yea, its waiting tables. who saw that coming?! the job is basically just reminding me to graduate .. because i really don't like being 22 and having to please people for money. that sounded wrong. whatever. it stays. ps - the place where i'm working is that new restaurant in the derby street shop(pe)s called summer shack. ehh, come on down for some fried clams and a few laughs. *gag*so let's see what i've been up to these past few days! friday night i went into jp to hang out with tori and soph. we made (only after one small kitchen fire) some 'special' brownies. they really didn't do too much for me.. but hanging out with them and watching that horrid 80's pseudo-thriller was a grand old time! we then hung out with some of tori's roommates. they were drunk and we were a bit high. alwayyysss a great combo. before we knew it, was was 3, and time to go. i dropped off soph after that, and promptly whizzed home. oh, and because my car's tires are more bald than our country's bird, deb let me use her car for the night! i can say i thoroughly enjoy driving her car opposed to mine. (aka: it has leather seats and a sunroof). vroom vroom little saab!saturday promised to be a good time, but ended up being one of the worst nights in recent memory. it was laurie's birthday, so we were all supposed to go to this bar/club/lounge by faneuil hall. i ended up driving liz, tony and sophie that way, only because i didn't think it was worth it to take a cab or drench ourselves in rain. ugh, it was a production getting there. once there, the 4 of us kind of walked around for an hour trying to keep up with laurie (from whom i got the impression she didn't really care that we showed up...) and her other friends. it sucked. we left after being there a little over and hour. once back at nu, liz and tony went back to his place, and i went back to soph's to eat pizza and watch always sunny. i left around quarter to 3. on the way home, a woman rear-ended me at a red light. ugh. annoying. the paperwork and the fuss isn't worth it, in my humble opinion. but she's fixing my car, i'm sure of that.eric and i went into boston on sunday just to hang out. i had to get an accident report form, and eric didn't want to be left out. plus, it was a nice day, what else were we gonna do?! we had lunch at trident (aka: split a quesadilla) and pretty much just walked around the city for a hew hours. oh, and three people complimented my shirt. and two of them were guys. woot! .. there's hope for me yet. when we left boston we hit up quincy to have dinner with our grandmother, family, and some relatives. always a good time when we do that, and sunday night was no exception.welllll that was a lame entry. oh well, i had to kill a half hour .. and that did the job wonderfully! now, i think i'll go to the bookstore, get a coffee and catch up on my monthly periodicals..deuces,-brian
current mood:  mellow


(comment on this)


friday, october 23rd, 2009

2:50 am - emooooo



we met it seems,such a short time ago.you looked at me...needing me so.yet from your sadness,our happiness grew.and i found outi needed you, too.i remember how we used to play.i recall those rainy days.the fire's glow that kept us warm...and now i find we're both alone.goodbye may seem forever.farewell is like the end.but in my heart's a memory,and there's where we'll always be.-b
current mood:  thoughtful


(comment on this)


tuesday, october 20th, 2009

2:37 am - turn on the lights



because i'm still here..!i wish my internal clock didn't keep me up until at least 3 every night. it isn't even a case of me waking up at 4:30 in the afternoon ... because i got up (relatively) early today, at 9:30. it's now fast approaching 2:45. i should be asleep by now. at the very least, i should be tired. ehh, but i'm not! it'd be nice to be noorrrmmaalll and fall asleep between the hours of 11-1. you know, like everyone else. cripes, even the tobester (<3 the puppy!) was asleep 3 hours ago. oh well, at least i could watch frasier ... and laugh to myself.ugh. being up late again = thinking too much again. :-/-brian
current mood:  melancholy


(comment on this)


monday, october 19th, 2009

1:11 am - he who wishes...



two hours ago, at 11:11, i made a wish.i know it won't come true. but ... it does make me feel better knowing i did it.c'est tout. :-)sweet dreams,-brian
current mood:  sleepy


(comment on this)














> previous 20 entries

> top of page





livejournal.com
































