
































swordsport

































swordsport














home


featured videos


community


fencing forum


calendar





sign in





      join now
    








sign in





      join now
    


























swordsport


enjoy a 14-day free trial!




      allez!
    




















discover the stories behind the medals with swordsport’s paris 2024 recaps!


swordsport brings you exclusive knowledge of the strategies, mental fortitude, and decisive moments that led these athletes to olympic success. experience the olympics on a deeper level; witness the passion, dedication, and heart behind each medal.





      paris 2024 fencing schedule
    











featured











2:59














1:08







01:13:00







5:06







3:40







10:49







16:43







2:55







2:29










              the art of efficient fencing: sabre technique
            



              korean men's sabre team: balanced and strong
            



              inside the men's saber showdown at paris 2024 with donald k. anthony
            



              swordsport podcast: paris olympics 2024 with julieta toledo, luca fioretto, and dmitri lapkes
            



              a journey through fencing with misha itkin
            



              greg massialas: crafting olympic champions in men's foil
            



              junior men's saber final: silberzweig vs. morrill - summer nationals 2024
            

              4k
            



              junior women's épée final: grace hu vs. julia yin - usa fencing summer nationals 2024
            

              4k
            



              best touches: eli dershwitz milan senior wc '23 compilation
            



              ruben limardo: triumphs and sacrifices of a venezuelan fencing champion
            
























stream: usa fencing summer nationals 2024


stream the usa fencing summer nationals 2024 from columbus. experience top fencing action and exclusive content.





      get started
    



































fueling your passion with inspiring stories


experience the sport like never before with exclusive interviews from top athletes, sharing their inspiring stories, expert tips, and invaluable guidance to help you reach your peak performance on the strip.





      join the community
    










































watch everywhere


stream content on your phone, tablet, laptop, and tv without paying more.











          frequently asking questions
        



what is included in a subscription plan?




                hey! i’m a paragraph. help your visitors to learn more about your business by editing me.
              




can i use my mobile phone?




                hey! i’m a paragraph. help your visitors to learn more about your business by editing me.
              




can i cancel any time?




                hey! i’m a paragraph. help your visitors to learn more about your business by editing me.
              














          © swordsport.com llc
        


























redeem a gift card


buy a gift card


terms & conditions


privacy policy


faq













powered by uscreen
















