




thorncrown chapel





























≡

top of page
information

about us
visitation and services
donations
architecture
our websites

god is a gift
thorncrown journal




photo gallery

photo gallery
virtual tour


weddings

info and prices
wedding album


contact us






























thorncrown chapel
nestled in a woodland setting, thorncrown chapel rises forty-eight feet into the ozark sky. this magnificent wooden structure contains 425 windows and over 6,000 square feet of glass. it sits atop more than 100 tons of native stone and colored flagstone, making it blend perfectly with its setting. the chapel's simple design and majestic beauty combine to make it what critics have called "one of the finest religious spaces of modern times."
since the chapel opened in 1980, over seven million people have visited this woodland sanctuary. designed by renowned architect e. fay jones, thorncrown has won numerous architectural awards such as the american institute of architects’ design of the year award for 1981 and aia’s prestigious 25 year award. additionally, members of the american institute of architects placed thorncrown chapel fourth on its list of the top buildings of the twentieth century.
thorncrown chapel is located on highway 62 west just outside of eureka springs, arkansas. there is no admission fee, but donations are accepted. we have ample parking for buses and rvs. so, while in the ozarks, stop by what many have called one of the most beautiful and inspiring chapels in the world.
 
find out more














weddings
imagine yourself walking down a beautiful stone path through the serenity of the woods. at the end of the trail is the majestic thorncrown chapel. the doors open, the music begins to play, a moment you will remember the rest of your life has begun.
thorncrown chapel is eureka springs’ premier wedding location. surrounded by beautiful rock formations and a canopy of trees, the chapel provides a gorgeous setting for your wedding ceremony. because thorncrown has 425 windows and a skylight, your wedding can be indoors in air conditioned comfort, but you will feel like you are outdoors in the midst of the ozark woods.
to see pictures of thorncrown weddings, please visit our wedding album. you can also view our virtual tour which will give you an idea of what it is like to walk down the aisle at thorncrown chapel. 
 
find out more





visit us



 


click here for info.





directions, hours, and services 






photo gallery



 


click here to visit.





view images of thorncrown chapel by renowned architectural photographer, randall connaughton. 






virtual tour



 


click here to visit.





take a look at thorncrown chapel from floor to ceiling.






thorncrown chapel
it stands out like a jewel of exquisite simplicity and inspiring beauty. - wolf von eckardt
 






images by randall connaughton, ashley kimbrough, and susan storch.








thorncrown chapel
          12968 hwy 62 west· eureka springs, ar 72632
(479) 346-0245














© 2023 thorncrown chapel, inc.
          all rights reserved 






