


south florida personal injury lawyer | zimmerman & frachtman, p.a.






























 
				close
			



 
				skip to content
			




				high contrast
			



 
				increase text size
			



 
				clear all
			





















call today
954-504-6577
























home



about






robert zimmerman

joshua frachtman

tyler zimmerman

joey padilla

attorney referrals

our videos




practice areas






auto accidents

aviation accidents

boating accidents

catastrophic injuries

cruise ship accidents

cycling accidents

day care accidents

dog bites

insurance disputes / bad faith

medical malpractice

motorcycle accidents

nursing home abuse

parasailing accidents

pedestrian accidents

personal watercraft accidents

product liability

slip & falls

swimming pool accidents

train accidents

truck accidents 

wrongful death




areas we serve






boca raton, fl





burn injury lawyer 

car accident lawyer

catastrophic injuries lawyer 

motorcycle accident lawyer

pedestrian accident lawyer

rideshare accident lawyer

truck accident lawyer



broward county

coconut creek fl





car accidents

motorcycle accidents

pedestrian accidents

rideshare accidents

truck accidents



cooper city





car accidents

motorcycle accidents

pedestrian accidents

truck accidents



coral springs fl





burn injury

car accidents

catastrophic injuries

motorcycle accidents

pedestrian accidents

rideshare accidents

truck accidents



dania beach

davie

deerfield beach fl

fort lauderdale fl

hollywood fl

lauderdale lakes

lauderhill

lighthouse point

margate fl

miramar

oakland park

parkland





car accidents

motorcycle accidents

pedestrian accidents

truck accidents



pembroke pines

plantation

pompano beach

southwest ranches

sunrise fl

tamarac

weston fl

wilton manors




case results



reviews



contact us





headquarters
954-504-6577









top














						over $300 million recovered on behalf of our clients
					

						defending the injured
					

at zimmerman & frachtman, every employee is a dedicated  member of the team whose primary concern is defending the injured and seeking justice on behalf of our clients.




free consultation









































































florida personal injury lawyersproudly serving south florida since 1994

no one expects to be involved in a serious accident or suffer a life-changing injury due to someone else’s careless or reckless conduct, but these things happen every day in florida. when they do, victims and their families can feel overwhelmed as they face new and unexpected challenges.the personal injury lawyers at zimmerman & frachtman, p.a. understand what you are going through, and we are here to help. for nearly 30 years, our firm has helped numerous people throughout the state fight to hold negligent parties accountable. we have successfully obtained more than $300 million in verdicts and settlements and are know for our assertive and aggressive approach to litigation. what’s more, we truly care about our clients and about making our communities better, safer places for all.we are not a mill. at zimmerman & frachtman, p.a., you will always receive the caring and attentive legal support you need directly from your attorney. from our office in parkland, we serve clients in naples, boca raton, hollywood, coral springs, and across florida.if you or someone you love has suffered a serious injury due to the negligence of another person, a company, or any other entity, call (954) 504-6577 now for a free consultation.









						what sets us apart?
					









aggressive, experienced, and compassionate counsel






client centered approach






spanish-speaking services






access to call or text your attorney anytime











					over $300 million recovered for our clients
				

					our results speak for themselves
				





$39,000,000
product defect-wrongful death
our jet ski accident lawyer won a hard-fought battle against yamaha, culminating in a six-week trial in west palm beach after nearly five years of litigation.

$17,500,000
go-cart fire burn
a minor child suffered full-body burn injuries and lost fingers on both hands following an accident.

$7,000,000
burn injury death / cruise ship accident
a long-time cruise line employee suffered fatal second and third-degree burns due to a boiler room explosion.

$5,000,000
negligent dock design
a two-year-old boy, while holding his mother’s hand, was struck by a bombardier sea-doo that came up onto the dock. we filed suit against the sea-doo manufacturer, the dock owner, and the dock contractor.

$3,000,000
medical malpractice / pharmaceutical error
this tragic medical malpractice case involved a man who overdosed from a toxic mix of prescription medication and alcohol.













read more results














our office locations





headquarters

										6991 n state road 7, second floor
										parkland, fl 33073

954-504-6577
[+] map & directions


















we will fight for you










auto accidents












catastrophic injuries












medical malpractice












product liability












dog bites












slip & fall

















view more case types









					read our clients 5-star reviews
				

					the opinions that matter most
				






"they fought to get the right amount for me & my daughter & stayed on the other insurance company."
tanisha



"diligent, communicative & highly committed!"
ryan c.



"always someone there able to handle my questions and concerns. i found them to be very reasonable and truly have my best interests at heart."
steve c.













read more reviews 

















a team-based approach to your recovery

at zimmerman & frachtman, p.a., we believe in working together and utilizing the extensive and varied experience of each of our legal professionals. this team approach allows us to build powerful, evidence-based claims on your behalf while also ensuring that you always have someone available to answer your questions and address your concerns. when you choose our firm, you don’t just get a single attorney; you get an entire team working tirelessly for you and your recovery.as a client, you will be assigned one of our attorneys, as well as a designated paralegal and legal assistant. your team will be entirely dedicated to your case. our entire staff believes that the best results are obtained through good, old-fashioned hard work, which is why we hire the best available experts, utilize the latest and most advanced technology, and dedicate the time needed to fully prepare cases—and clients—for negotiation and trial.we have helped clients recover compensation who have been injured by:car accidentstruck accidentsboating accidentsmedical malpracticeand more!
get to know our attorneysour florida personal injury lawyers bring decades of experience to their respective practices.in complex personal injury cases, the value of this experience cannot be overstated. our attorneys understand the law, they know how insurance companies operate, and they have what it takes to stand up for you and your rights. we work tirelessly to ensure that our cases are organized, our presentations are forceful, and our messages effectively reach opposing attorneys, insurance adjusters, judges, and, ultimately, jurors. we maintain relationships with nationally known experts in fields such as medicine, engineering, and economics to ensure that all of our cases are meticulously prepared.most of all, our attorneys truly care about each and every one of our clients. we take great pride in the fact that hundreds of our former clients consider us friends and stay in touch with us years after their cases have concluded.click here to learn more about our attorneys here at zimmerman & frachtman, p.a.

continue reading
read less
















					our distinguished team
				
when your benefits matter, it matters who you hire









robert zimmerman
founding partner








joshua frachtman
partner








tyler zimmerman
attorney





j p


joey padilla
attorney











































































						what we do
					

we have extensive experience representing victims of all types of accidents and injury-causing events. our attorneys have successfully handled hundreds of cases involving motor vehicle accidents, catastrophic injuries, medical malpractice, nursing home abuse, defective products, dog bites, and more. we recognize that every case is unique, which is why we develop innovative legal strategies tailored to the unique circumstances, needs, and goals of every individual client.

we are not afraid of a challenge. while we strive to attain favorable settlements for our clients, our trial attorneys are prepared to aggressively litigate complex cases and advocate tirelessly for the injured at trial.

click here to learn more about our various practice areas and how we can help you with your claim.






									view more videos
									































get in touch with our team today

if you or someone you love has been harmed by the negligent or wrongful conduct of another, our south florida personal injury attorneys are here to help you understand your legal options and fight for the fair recovery you deserve. in every instance, we work to recover the maximum compensation our clients are owed for their medical expenses, lost income, pain and suffering, and other losses. throughout the process, we will remain consistently accessible to you—we even provide clients with our personal contacts so that they can always reach us with questions or concerns.there is absolutely no cost and no obligation in speaking to a member of our team about your case. we also offer our legal services on a contingency fee basis, which means you do not owe any upfront costs when you hire our team. instead, we only collect legal fees if we successfully secure a settlement or verdict for you.







									hire a team dedicated to your cause
								

									tell us about your case
								

whether you have questions or you’re ready to get started, our legal team is ready to help. complete our form below or call us at (954) 504-6577.








first name


			            please enter your first name.
			        




last name


			            please enter your last name.
			        




phone


			            please enter your phone number.
			        

			            this isn't a valid phone number.
			        




email


						please enter your email address.
					

						this isn't a valid email address.
					




are you a new client?


yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.



						please make a selection.
					




message


						please enter a message.
					






send message 













					light up the night
				







parkland’s annual holiday event

zimmerman & frachtman, p.a. is proud to host the annual light up the night holiday event each year in parkland, florida. every year, local businesses, schools, individuals, and families come together to participate in a festive night complete with live entertainment, free food, games, raffles, and prizes, all hosted within a large holiday village.


										learn more
										





























helpful links



home

about

practice areas

blog

contact us







headquarters

							6991 n state road 7, second floor
							 parkland, fl 33073
						
(954) 504-6577
maps & directions


























						the information on this website is for general information purposes only. nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
					
© 2025 all rights reserved.



site map


privacy policy
























