





ajcf – auschwitz jewish center foundation



































































skip to content






 









 
donate








 













in the town known as auschwitz 



fighting hatred. 



for everyone. 







 
















what happens when hatred goes unchecked?					









how did so many turn a blind eye to atrocities in their backyard?					









what does the holocaust mean anyway?					









are antisemitism and other forms of xenophobia the same root cause?					









how does prejudice and discrimination lead to genocide?					








 previous


 next






















 






“reading about the sites is not enough. the black and white photos are not enough. going to the sites and seeing everything in person is really impactful and meaningful” 



erica harper, asap alum, us military academy 











 








in the town next to auschwitz: transforming anti-hatred education into waves of action 











ajcf offers unique immersive, world-class programs led by international leaders, highlighting the lessons of the holocaust to underscore what hatred can lead to if stoked and encouraged. 




















 





more than a half million minds and hearts forever changed since 2000 through 





 









 





education and remembrance. 










 















supported by: 





 

 

 






















since 2000 







800,000 



people walked through ajcf 




 






5,000 



adults attended anti-hate programs 




 






300,000 



students attended anti-hate workshops 




 








500 



future leaders educated 




 






1,000 



school teachers educated 




 






1,000 



law enforcement officers trained to fight against hate 




 













 















featured in: 




 



 



 



 



 



 






















 





our programs 











we educate us military cadets and midshipmen, the icelandic police force, schoolchildren from austria and poland, polish teacher's unions, norwegian high schoolers, the german diplomatic corps, and tourists worldwide. everyone who visits the center learns, in the most horrific and personal way, how we all need to say “never again.” 






learn more











our mission 











the auschwitz jewish center foundation (ajcf) is an anti-hatred organization using education to create change in a world where hate is on the rise. our mission is to preserve the rich jewish life of oświęcim before 98% of its jewish population was obliterated by hate and confront all modern hatred head-on through our world-class educational programs. 






help us stop hate









 













 





the opposite of hate isn’t love.  the opposite of hate is education and the understanding that comes from it. 











 








in the town next to auschwitz 











located next to the auschwitz birkenau concentration camps— the site of the worst hate crime in human history — ajcf preserves the history and rich life of the jewish community that was located in oświęcim through the great synagogue memorial park, and the restored oświęcim jewish cemetery. 







asap (american service academies program) a program for future american military leadersthe chevra lomdei mishnayot synagogue -  the sole surviving jewish house of prayer in oświęcimour campus warmly welcomes thousands of visitors a yearauschwitz jewish center foundation in oświęcim 

 

 












fight against hatred. 



what are you doing to fight against hatred today?  







 
help us stop hate




















 





 






subscribe to our newsletter 











								email							






 submit
























© copyright  



							2025						



 | auschwitz jewish center foundation | all rights reserved. 





follow us 






 







 







 







 







 




















   




get in touch 







 



						pl. ks. j. skarbka 5 32-600 oświęcim, poland					









 



						auschwitz jewish center foundation 57 west 57th street, rm 424
new york ny 10019
					

















								name							




								phone							




								email							




								message							
 




 
send













































