











genesee ceramic tile | porcelain, stone, ceramic, glass, and more




















 



























home
product catalog

entire catalog
porcelain
natural stone
ceramic tile
glass tile
metal
terra cotta & quarry
installation materials


our company

about genesee tile
blog


contact us
resources

faq
careers at gct
manufacturer directory
price lists


decor24
 






$0.00 (0)


select page


  
 



 



 















see what's new

new collections










expression of eleganceklif by atlas concorde
get collection










cosmopolitan concreteboost by atlas concorde
get collection










new from italyriquadri by quintessenza
get collection









barrier free showershowers with no curb, experience the innovation
explore wedi










flashes of lightmek by atlas concorde
shop mek









textures transposediris ceramica innovates in partnership with diesel living
explore camp | diesel living










get the job done right wedi, laticrete, progress profiles, and more 
see our installation materials













your needs first
guaranteed








4 locations
west mi & eastern mi








professional service
design, consulting, sales








family owned
generations of experience









experience tile with style.
genesee ceramic tile offers the best collection of porcelain tile, ceramic tile, glass tile, natural stone tile, design services, and customer service. from setting materials to all the tools to get the job done right, genesee tile is ready to serve you. give us a call or stop into any of our 4 michigan tile distribution and design centers and begin to plan with our expert staff.
it’s personal attention and customer service that sets genesee tile apart. our staff is here to ensure your dreams come to life and that you get the best tile solution for your project.
whether you need residental or commercial tile, genesee tile will provide you with access to our exhaustive catalog and come along side you from your first idea to the completed project. genesee ceramic tile prides ourself in our unequaled level of professional service and expertise.





stoneexplore our beautiful stone catalog.
view all



ceramicceramic tile for every application.
view all



porcelainview our porcelain tile offerings.
view all



glassmake a statement with glass.
view all



 







about us genesee ceramic tile is an area tile leader. we pride ourselves in promoting the best usa made and international ceramic, stone, and glass tile products.  stop in and experience the difference in service from our expert, customer-focused team.
our locations burton, mi


sterling hts, mi


farmington hills, mi


grand rapids, mi
search our catalogceramic
countertops
glass
installation materials
wedi


metal
natural stone
new products
porcelain
terra cotta & quarry
uncategorized
professional associations ceramic tile distributors association
 
national tile contractors association
 
ceramic tile education foundation

 






facebook




rss



ceramic, porcelain, glass tile | burton, grand rapids, farmington hills, & sterling heights, mi. | web design by purposed press
 

 
 
 













