
































homepage | devon wildlife trust














    skip to main content
  




auxiliary menu


contact us


jobs


volunteer


shop


blogs


donate


search






follow us










facebook










twitter










instagram










youtube






















search











main navigation


what we do



beavers



wildlife and where to go



get involved



what's on 



join us



support us



















homepage




share






facebook





twitter





email





whatsapp








 

 















male beaver on river otter, photo david white




help devon's beaversdonate to help beavers 




 

image/svg+xml
 sign up for e-newsletters (https://www.devonwildlifetrust.org/keep-date-devons-wildlife)





 become a member (https://www.devonwildlifetrust.org/membership)




image/svg+xml
 what's on (http://live-twt-d8-devon.pantheonsite.io/events)




image/svg+xml
 volunteer with us (https://www.devonwildlifetrust.org/volunteering-wildlife)





devon's beavers need your helpbeavers play a crucial role in our fight against climate change and the loss of wildlife. they are nature’s water engineers, creating wetlands that help reduce flooding, improve water quality, and bring our rivers back to life.
wild beavers are thriving in devon but won't continue to do so without urgent help. if you can, please donate today to help  devon's wild beavers
donate today






 















could pine martens return to a rewilded devon? photo, terry whittaker/2020vision




stay up to date with the pine marten projectsign up to pine marten diaries






 















jon hawkins - surrey hills photography




victory for wildlifegood news 






 















nike symes




beavers in the newsbeavers making the news






protecting wildlife for the futureestablished sixty years ago by a small group of volunteers, devon wildlife trust is the only charity that exists to protect all wildlife in devon and to safeguard devon’s unique natural environment. 






 














start a wilder community create your space 






 















vine house farm ©nicholas watts, vine house farm bird foods




are you a farmer or landowner?we can help






 















woman aged 35-45 years 'hugging' pine tree, abernethy forest, cairngorms national park, scotland, - mark hamblin/2020vision




can a wilder devon be part of your life story?read more here






latest news

















news
sightings of wild boar on dartmoor

we are aware of reports of boar on dartmoor national park and will be working with the dartmoor national park authority and others over…



















news
work begins on new devon rainforest 

•	the first trees have been planted by local volunteers at devon wildlife trust’s bowden pillars site, near totnes 
•	local…



















news
sea slugs and seaweeds make headlines in the wildlife trusts’ 2024 marine review

•	people find extraordinary ‘climate indicator’ species in uk waters
•	first devon sighting of spectacular rainbow sea slug…












turn your inbox wild! we would love to keep in touch with you to share the latest wildlife news; opportunities to get involved, events, appeals, and campaigns; and to let you know the impact your support is having on devon’s wildlife. 
sign up now






what we're doingkeep up to date on our work protecting wildlife in devon

































tree planting day - woodland near sigford, ashburton

wednesday 19 february 2025


location:

un-named lane , ashburton 






more info




















pine martens on exmoor – drop in session (19th feb wheddon cross)

wednesday 19 february 2025


location:

rest & be thankful pub 






more info




















tree planting to create a rainforest for the future

friday 21 february 2025


location:

bowden pillars farm 






more info






become a member and support our workthe vital work we do for nature depends on the support of people who care about the future of devon’s wildlife and wild places.
become a member



your data and your privacywe want all who support us to do so with confidence, knowing that we adhere to the highest data protection and fundraising standards.
our privacy policy explains how we process and manage your data. we regularly review our policy to ensure that we remain compliant with legislation and our current information practices. you can find our revised 2024 privacy policy here including how to contact us should you wish for your data not to be used in specific ways.



our commitment to safeguardingwe believe that everyone has a responsibility to safeguard children, young people and adults at risk. we are committed to ensuring their safety and wellbeing is at the heart of our engagement with people. read our full safeguarding commitment statement here.



















who we are 
about us
our vision
latest news







support us 
join us
donate
volunteer







 
 



























footer


accessibility


investment policy


making a complaint


privacy policy





protecting wildlife for the future
registered charity no. 213224, company number 733321, vat no. 585 4735 01
address: devon wildlife trust, cricklepit mill, commercial road, exeter, devon, ex2 4ab.















 






















