

































































danville register & bee | breaking news | | read danville, va and virginia breaking news. get latest news, events and information on virginia sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















44°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoon




sports


high school



college



professional



betting



other




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



music



movies & tv



comics



games & puzzles



contests



home & garden



food & cooking



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



travel



faith



brand ave. studios



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



play




print edition


e-edition



weekly ads



special publications



public notices




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









44°
cloudy
























        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            7xmom: getting older, baby, one endearment at a time

i don’t know how many older people have told me this week, in varying ways, that getting old basically isn’t much fun. i have agreed.

















        
        
            new danville marathon getting into shape

four community members are organizing the three sisters marathon coming up in september. 

















        
        
            danville police release details in officer-involved shooting

a danville police officer and a suspect are being treated for injuries following an officer-involved shooting monday.

















        
        
            update: winter storm warning issued for danville and pittsylvania county

even though computer models have nudged downward on accumulation amounts, the national weather service placed southside virginia under a winter storm watch as another systems gets ready to unleash snow.

















        
        
            wca girls bring home regional championship

westover christian academy's varsity girls basketball team brought home a regional championship saturday with a 59-55 win over smith mountain lake christian academy. 

















        
        
            two years after cardiac arrest, danville nurse meets paramedics who came to her rescue

it was feb. 14, 2023, when karen oaks, a nurse instructor at averett university, had a heart attack and went into cardiac arrest. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            danville police release details in officer-involved shooting


















        
        
            update: winter storm warning issued for danville and pittsylvania county


















        
        
            caesars virginia pulls in more money than state's other two casinos in january















                
                the latest


















        
        
            update: southside virginia under a flood advisory sunday midday

the national weather service issued an updated flood advisory at 10:41 a.m. on sunday in effect until 11 a.m. the advisory is for danville as well as charlotte, halifax and pittsylvania counties. 




















        
        
            update: prepare for strong thunderstorms in pittsylvania county sunday morning

the national weather service issued an updated report at 8:24 a.m. on sunday for strong thunderstorms until 9 a.m. for pittsylvania county. 




















        
        
            man to be sentenced after pleading guilty to child porn charges

danville man to be sentenced in march for possession of child porn. 




















        
        
            police department holds awards ceremony

danville police department bestows awards during annual ceremony. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            2025 danville readers' choice awards




















                
                latest video



















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains



















        
        
            southwest airlines to cut 15% of corporate workforce amid struggles



















        
        
            new affordable housing and community spaces coming to highbridge



















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            pry feels hokies were 'very competitive' in filling out roster through transfer portal

tech brought in 19 players from the portal — more than it had in the previous two recruiting cycles combined — to strategically fill out a roster for the spring that has more depth across the board.




















        
        
            'production over potential': inside virginia football's transfer portal rebuild of its o-line

virginia signed four transfer offensive linemen in this cycle, and the cavaliers heavily favored 'production over potential' during the process.




















        
        
            bulldogs come up short against smith mountain lake

the westover christian academy bulldogs came up short tuesday night losing 48-46 to smith mountain lake.




















        
        
            bulldogs get back on track with win over timberlake

the westover christian academy varsity boys basketball team got back on track friday with a 55-36 win over timberlake christian.













                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 




















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            

















        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            spring cleaning for the soul: 14 wellness-boosting products for a new you

contributor content. this article shares 14 products and services to help you step into the season with a renewed sense of vitality.




















        
        
            scaling securely: 11 strategies for managing cyber risks during business growth

contributor content. proactive measures are essential to protect your company against cyber threats.




















        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            continental express inc



                                        10450 state route 47 west, sidney, oh 45365
                                    






















        
        
            swansonville p.h. church



                                        judy crews, dry fork, va 24549
                                    






















        
        
            aaron & associates



                                        100 vicar place, danville, va 24540
                                    




































        
        
            2025 danville readers' choice awards



















×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


place an ad

email newsletters

carrier application

join our team

public notices

get healthy




services


subscribe

manage subscription

contact us

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        godanriver.com, 523 lynn st., unit 1 danville, va 24541
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































