






la excelencia
























































                        home
                      



                        biography
                      



                        music
                      



                        contact
                      



                  welcome
                



                purchase 
              







cali york records





                        home
                      



                        biography
                      



                        music
                      



                        contact
                      



                  welcome
                



                purchase 
              





































































 

    






































inspired by the salsa sounds of the 70’s and the sociopolitical landscape of today, la excelencia is an award-winning band from new york city that combines traditional salsa elements with a modern and unapologetic sound. their music invigorates social mindedness amidst a powerful and danceable soundtrack.   “it takes just a note or two to hear that la excelencia is different. this is unprettified salsa dura, with the percussion cranked, lots of breaks, the voices loud, almost distorted. it’s the sound of a tough working band, the sort that used to be everywhere in new york and now are rare to find” says peter watrous of the new york times. founded in 2005, la excelencia honed their sound by performing at local venues around nyc and eventually caught the attention of the international salsa community with their 2006 debut album, salsa con conciencia. “the goal was to write and record original songs that spoke to us personally. we didn’t realize these songs would resonate with so many others around the world,” recalls julian silva, composer, producer, founder and owner of la excelencia. the success of their first album would result in the first of several international tours. the band would later release three more albums, mi tumbao social (2009), ecos del barrio (2012) and machete (2020), with measurable success. la excelencia’s music has been featured on several independent films, television programs, and compilation cd’s.la excelencia’s in-your-face sound and energetic, live performances reach outside of the salsa norm, and have propelled the band to main stream audiences and venues. “i felt like i was at a rock show not a salsa performance,” commented anthony guerrero, a longtime fan.under the leadership and direction of owner, julian silva, la excelencia has enjoyed solid success, and continues to keep their sights on the future with a commitment to bringing voice to the next generation of salseros. (updated: oct. 2018)




“la excelencia emphasizes hard-driving brass and percussion, just like a fania records band from salsa’s heyday in the 1970s.”

— larry rohter, new york times




“the really critical difference is that they are also going back to the more eclectic period when salsa was street music, playing with spirit and integrity and writing socially relevant music again.”

— aaron levinson, grammy-winning producer



band members: julian silva (owner/timbales), willy rodriquez (piano), luis arona (bass), nerio matheus (congas), nestor villar (bongo), anthony deleon (trombone), mike engstrom (trombone), cris mora (trumpet), keefe martin (trumpet), danny mendez (background vocal), danny enrique (lead vocals), gilberto velazquez (lead vocals), kamilo kratc (sound engineer)

















































































































machete by la excelencia ecos del barrio by la excelencia


(released: 2020) salsa na’ ma’ marks the return of la excelencia to the salsa scene with their nyc swag.  this number comes out swinging and explosive, exuding hard core salsa dura from the opening break and bass line.  band leader and timbalero julian silva puts together a marvelous arrangement and composition like no other.  bringing back that social consciousness style of lyrics to life with serious tumbao. this number highlights the missing element of salsa in the current night clubs and dance scene.  the fiery brass ignites and electrifies the track with echoes of nyc 70’s salsa.  the percussion is thunderous and powerful, making your heart pump with adrenaline.  willy rodriguez lays the chords down on the piano, as gilberto velazquez exhibits his well-seasoned vocals and soneo’s.  salsa na’ ma’ is a true attest that la excelencia is back and is ready to implode on the salsa scene.  preparensen rumberos y bailadores que regreso “el nene de los silva’s” con la excelencia para descargar!”  echa gallo! - dj frankie tambora (wkcr fm - ny)



(released: 2012) la orquesta la excelencia de nueva york propone uno de los más interesantes discursos musicales de la salsa ‘dura’ en la última década. su tercera producción ecos del barrio, reproduce de manera perfecta el ‘sentido de ayer’ de este tipo de salsa: enunciación de textos conscientes -alusivos a las problemáticas sociales, historias de vida de los personajes del barrio y el ambiente festivo de la música popular-, por ende transcendentes, articulado a la dinámica y fuerza interpretativa propia de la salsa, caracterizada por la ejecución de tempos rápidos y la libertad de los solistas del colectivo. - roberto carlos lujan, solarlatinclub.com

mi tumbao social by la excelencia

(released: 2009) “salsa dura, salsa de verdad” is the resounding refrain from la excelencia’s sophomore album, mi tumbao social.  while many so called salseros are concerned with producing old school, fania style albums and the many newly crazed dancers only learn to dance either “on 1” or “on 2”, here comes a project for everyone to appreciate.  mi tumbao social offers original pieces from a contemporary point of view, yet exudes a very authentic feel of yesteryear.  la excelencia taps into the broad afro-cuban spectrum with their fresh, innovative, and vibrant interpretions of guaracha, bolero  comparasa, rumba, descarga, guajira, and son montuno, executed in a carefully crafted balance of hard hitting percussion, piercing horns, and exceptional lyrics and soneos. - dennis cuadros, music critic 

salsa con conciencia by la excelencia 

(released: 2006) ok, so here at lavoz we normally like to review the classics because in many ways, those old school rhythms were the swinging ones that embodied that true meaning of what we call 'salsa' music. not this time folks! new york city's newest and most explosive band called "la excelencia" is making sure people know their name. their new album "salsa con conciencia" is a testament to the original flavor from the 70's with a millennium generation twist. this album hits hard and just about every dj in the salsa scene is starting to realize this. the first track, "la lucha" is a nice tempo tune with a strong trombone line and great breaks that will make you happy you decided to dance it. this band definitely shows off their versatility through-out the album with other great tracks like "la salsa y el guaguanco," and "el hijo de los rumberos." but let's not forget what also makes this album special. during a time of social and political change, the young excelencia brings you music with meaning, concrete lyrics that will also stimulate your mind. from the first time it went into the cd player we were sold, be another believer and get this album asap! - chris soto (executive editor), lavoz





























cali york recordstel: 347.684.0504email: caliyorkrecords@gmail.com










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              message
              
                *







thank you!






























































back to top




epk




julian silva music




caliyorkrecords@gmail.com


all rights reserved cali-york records 2018















cart (0)







