










home - national association of professional women in construction






















































 
 

















skip to content














menu 
about about board of directorsjoinchapters chapters overview starting a new chapterscholarshipsnewsjobscontact

































 
















professional women in construction






who we are






we are a community of professionals in the aec industry that provides an opportunity for connection and engagement that leads to business opportunities. we invite women, men and all levels of professionals to join the community.














 





member benefits












informative industry programming 
 













job board

exclusive member resources, leadership & networking opportunities 
 














scholarship & mentorship program 
 











learn more about membership


















testimonials








 

“in all honesty, i owe my entire career to professional women in construction. my current job, my internships, and my minimized student loan debt is all thanks to the love and support of this organization.”
holly linder | connecticut chapter

 


 


“i thought i was a loneranger being a woman in construction for 33 years, i had no idea there were so many of us. i love the networking, the education and the camaraderie where we help each other to grow our businesses as we grow each other.”
elizabeth whitaker | new jersey chapter


 


 



“pwc is a constant of leading by example with the quality of panelists and programs. i look forward to the events knowing the networking opportunities but also long time friends will be there.”
lenell kittlitz | connecticut chapter



 























want to connect with other industry professionals to expand your network and opportunities?







become a member
























find your chapter



















boston 
 


















chicago 
 


















connecticut 
 




















new jersey 
 


















new york 
 


















philadelphia 
 
















 












© 2025 national association of professional women in construction
 | 
site by growthzone
























connect






professional women in
construction national
606 post road east #584
westport, ct 06880
pwc@pwcusa.org
(914) 374-1019
 









chapters








boston
chicago
connecticut









new jersey
new york
philadelphia




















 © 2025 national association of professional women in construction.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 





















