






bellavita at themarina | everything is to your satisfaction










































home
what’s on
privacy policy
reach us
 


select page


  
 



 



 












more than just a place to stay
luxury comfort
 
know more

 
 


$15*
average per head
 
 
 





stay

 
 
 




relax

 
 
 




treat yourself

 
 
 




quality foods

 
 
 
 
 

enjoy live entertainment
 
 
 
 



with new location come new & exciting features
 
we at bella vita at the marina, are trying to build you an experience which will allow you to have a place which can help you to relax and enjoy your nights with a glass of wine. we have established ourselves at the marina to bring you the same services.
 
 
 
 




our guests are like family to us
we want to make sure that our guests can enjoy their nights to relax and enjoy a dinner party with their family and friends for an extravagant evening.

view features

 

view last minute availability
 

dance parties

learn more

 
 



make bella vita your place for your holiday parties and special occasions!

learn more

 


any other special event!
for a limited time only


 


employee parties
500 seaters availabes

check here

 
 
 





 

“they are some if you are looking to spend some time with your family. they make sure that they have a calm environment which can bring satisfaction to everyone who visits.“
robbie m. hilger
 
 
 
 



add more experience
rewards program
we have introduced a reward program at bella vita, which will provide our loyal customers with access to some of the best discounts and offer they cannot refuse.
 
 
 


make a reservation

 
 
 



events seating arrangements
we can help customize our event settings systems according to the need of the hour. if you need wooden letters for the wall we have them for your event. we want to make sure that our setting is apt for the event being held.
 
 



 
 


from our blog
 




 
tips to promote your venue for events
tipsevent management has been gaining a ground of importance as demand seems to be following. as the curve goes higher, a lot of players will enter the market and competition will begin to rise. due to that, one needs a decisive strategy if you wish to survive in this...

 

 
the complete corporate event planning checklist
event planningcorporate events tend to be grand affairs that stand for a specific purpose. these very purposes or objectives are critical to the company that is hosting the same. as a result, it is quite essential to look into aspects and make them head in the right direction....

 

 
essential tips to choose the right catering service for a birthday event
catering servicebirthdays happen once in a year, and it is quite crucial that we make a note of the same in a grand manner. by bringing in friends, family and close relatives, one should mark the occasion and cherish the presence of the individual celebrating his/her birthday. for...

 



 


 
 
  
  
 
 



copyright © 2020 bellavita at themarina | all rights reserved  

 
 
 
















