






selfridge military air museum | where inspiration takes flight









































































 







586-239-5035
info@selfridgeairmuseum.org





0 items
 












home
air park displays

photo gallery
video gallery


about us

selfridge ang history
access & ticket info
location


news & events

museum events
the flight line
current news & updates
school & group tours


museum shop

my account
collector prints
historical books
aircraft window clings
smam apparel
mugs & glassware
memorial brick program
memorial donations


support us

access gate
donations
memorial donations
memorial brick program
museum fund raising
gift shop
volunteers
adopt-a-plane program


join us

memberships
corporate memberships


members area

log in


 


select page


  
 
 










military air displays
experience aircraft and equipment from all eras of military flight.






visitor information & access

pre-approved access









where inspiration takes flight.












our location
selfridge ang base

27333 ‘c’ streetharrison twp, mi 48045
location map | base access & admission





}

our hours
5 apr through 26 oct 2025
saturday & sunday
11 a.m. to 5 p.m.
*special tours for groups of 10 or more can be arranged.
for more information, please call 586-239-5035.
 






contact us
586-239-5035

email: info@selfridgeairmuseum.org







a museum dedicatedto military aviation history
in 1975, a group of air national guard officers and enlisted personnel formed the michigan air guard historical association (magha) and the selfridge military air museum.
our mission: educating and inspiring generations with over one hundred years of aviation experience and innovation.

more about our history








about our curtiss jn_4 “jenny” displaya selfridge field heritage



make a donation








aircraft on display




historic displays




super museum









membership has privileges.
headquartered at selfridge air national guard base, the michigan air guard historical association (magha), was formed to preserve the heritage and tradition of the air national guard in michigan and the military units, past and present.
becoming a member of the selfridge military air museum is a  wonderful way to help keep the home lights burning. your membership has the following privileges:
one free admission to museum plus one guest admission
access to online newsletter and other special events
25% gift shop discount

become a member







a new place to learn
the challenge of the selfridge military air museum is to inspire the next generation of aviation innovators. the museum recently completed a large 50 foot by 80 foot hangar, which is now the home of the museum’s aviation education center. the purpose of which is to introduce students to the world of aviation, integrating the steam approach to teaching.
the aviation education center incorporates distant learning technologies which allow students to participate in the museum programs from their classrooms. also a flexible on-site classroom environment will accomodate class field trip experiences.
please consider making a donation.

make a donation










information
amenities & access







access to the museum
the selfridge military air museum is located on a secure military installation. for security reasons, all individuals without a u.s. government id card, common access card (cac), or defense biometric identification system (dbids) card are required to have a mandatory security background check performed for a visitor’s pass before they will be allowed access to the base and the museum. a current and valid u.s. driver’s license (real id license – star in the upper right hand corner), current vehicle registration, and proof of vehicular insurance must be presented to security personnel to fulfill these mandatory requirements. if you do not have the read id license other documents must be provided: current passport or a social security card and birth certificate.
once you check in the security guard booth, follow the signs to the museum.
base access pre-approval is now available. you can now get pre-approved access to the base by completing our online form with 7 days advanced notice. click the button below for complete details.



pre-approved access (non-foreign nationals)



foreign nationals
citizens of another country (both adults and children) require approximately 30 days’ advance notice to the museum’s executive director for coordination.





school & group museum tours
tours of the museum and our new aviation education center are available throughout the year. please contact us for more information and to book your tour.
call 586-239-5035 for more information.

request group tour





admission
the selfridge military air museum and the michigan air guard historical association do not receive federal or state funding. they are totally dependent on contributions, membership dues, and a small gift shop for operating capital. most of our sources of revenue are tax-deductible.

$10 adults 18 & older
$8 seniors/military
$5 children 4 to 17 years of age

children 3 and under are free
active duty in uniform are free





hours
5 april 2025 to 26 october 2025
saturday and sunday
11 a.m. to 5 p.m.
 
*special tours for groups of 10 or more can be arranged.
for more information, please call 586-239-5035





free parking
museum parking is on right side of doolittle avenue across from the museum and the air park.





gift shop
the museum does not receive any federal or state funding and is totally dependent on contributions, membership dues to the michigan air guard historical association (magha), and gift shop sales for operating capital.
the selfridge military air museum gift shop is chock-full of aircraft models (smithsonian collectibles), aircraft-related toys, t-shirts & sweatshirts with the musuem logo, flight-related t-shirts, posters, prints, military patches, coffee mugs, shot glass with museum logo, whiskey glasses (new design) for p-3b orion, jn-4 “jenny”, and fg-1d corsair, etc.  all items are reasonably priced.  credit cards, checks, and cash are accepted.



shop online





location map







become a superflyer 










museum news & events
keep up on all of the activities and news at the selfridge military air museum.



visit news & events




g

museum videos
view our videos covering many areas of interest concerning military aviation.



museum video gallery






questions &  support
have a  question or need help? we love connecting with our visitors.



get answers








the flight line
museum news & features









"gabby's final victory"
now on sale – artist antonis karydis depicts the final victory of ltcol gabby gabreski as he downs a german me-109 over evreux, france on 5 july 1944. this brought gabby’s total to 28 confirmed ‘kills’, making him america’s leading ace in europe.



buy now







the packard parade to victory
in april of 1917, henry b. joy, the packard motor car company president, donated his joy aviation field to the u.s. army to establish a flying school for military aviators as the u.s. entered ww i.



see photos







join us in preserving michigan’s legacy of flight
we have an opportunity to unlock the rich history of michigan aviation and to focus on the vision of an amazing future for our state’s aerospace & defense.



make a donation







aircraft fly-by aerial video
get a bird’s eye view of the museum’s air park displays located adjacent to the museum building housing many exhibits. ask about our new public access initiative for direct access to the museum.



more videos










location
selfridge ang base27333 ‘c’ streetharrison twp, mi 48045
location map








contact us
586-239-5035email:

info@selfridgeairmuseum.org
base access & admission









hours
5 apr through 26 oct 2025
saturday & sunday
11 a.m. to 5 p.m.
*special tours for groups of 10 or more can be arranged.for more information, please call 586-239-5035.
 









 








this is a private organization. it is not a part of the department of defense or any of its components and it has no governmental status.© copyright 2019-25 selfridge military air museum | design & hosting by mania interactive 






































