




naughty celebs




















naughty celebs
celebrity scandals, celeb nipple slips, hollywood pussy slips, see-through dresses and nude celebs!









				thursday, june 01, 2006
			


stupid celebrity baby names

yah so what! you are popular, well-known and richer than most of america. does that give you the right to give your baby a redulious name? hell no, children in school will still tease your children... trust me! here is a list of some of the idiotic, stupid, & crazy names celebrities bethrothed on their children.julia roberts’: phinnaeusbruce willis and demi moore’s: tallulahgwyneth paltrow and chris martin’s: applejohn mellencamp's: speckjason lee’s: pilot inspektorshannyn sossamon’s: audio sciencetim burton and helena bonham carter’s: billy ray burtonbono’s: elijah bob patricius guggi qnicolas cage's: kal-eljermaine jackson's: jermajesty jackson'srob morrow's: tu morrowgavin rossdale and gwen stefani's: kingston james mcgregor rossdalebrad pitt and angelina jolie's: shiloh nouvel jolie-pitttom cruise and katie holme's: suri cruisean imaginary interview with vince vaughnfreaky shocking moments video! (violent)eliazbeth hurley panty peekjessica alba nude (lol)heidi klum covered in body paintcrazy intersection crossing








				tuesday, may 30, 2006
			


hilton & ritchie buds again!

months ago, the infamous daughter of lionel richie, nicole richie completely cut off communication to paris hilton. the reason being that richie supposedly showed the paris sex tape 'one night in paris' to some friends at a party.because of this incident, the two divas, who worked together side by side in 'the simple life,' haven't spoken for many months. it appears hilton has recently had a change of heart and decided to 'wish nicole all the happiness in the future.' "i hope twwhat nicole is happy and healthy and having a good life," says paris.i knew that a little nudity-filled sex tape, that paris hilton herself wanted public, couldn't split the dynamic duo. they might not be best friends anymore but that doesn't stop them from chillin' with other cats!paris has a whole new best friend to make idiotic remarks and sex tapes with ;) rod stewart's daughter kimberly seems to be her best friend at the moment. hilton even admits she even has a slight crush on her. "kimberly is hysterical. she's six feet tall, blonde, beautiful and has luscious blue eyes. she's hot. i feel so comfortable with her and i can just act like myself." could paris hilton's next sex tape be with a gal? let's all hope so!            paris hilton vs. nicole richie: new celebrity death matchrobin tunney see through boob peekneed to hide at your office?seductive salma hayek photospamela anderson sex scene (nsfw)play with paris (nsfw)christina aguilera's nipple ringthe big v haha (nsfw)maria sharapova camel toeamerica: f*** yah!bikini surfing yeeehaaaw!








				monday, may 29, 2006
			


hardcore talker gillian mckeith

tonight on 'the x factor', 9 celebs will be judged on their voices from simon cowell, sharon osbourne and louise walsh. gillian mckeith seems to be quite loud about her appearance on the show - and spits out some possible truths... and possible fiesty blabbery!gillian states, "they should be more afraid of me, i'm known for my tongue-lashings, so if anyone dares criticise my performance i'm going to have to wash out that attitude with some colonic tubes! i could slip them laxatives and they'll be running to the loo all the time." ohh you dirty girl. got some tricks up your sleeves hey?gillian goes on to share, "simon has met his match, i can't wait to have a round with him. he's looking good at the moment and the other day he was letting everyone know it's down to me. he's been following my advice and eating lots of fruit and raw vegetables. but i think i need to do a bit more work on him. i'll be judging the way they eat and how they take care of themselves." regarding the monitoring of their peepee samples for testing purposes she says, "they're going to be using the same bathrooms, so i'll have access. i can get a little potty to catch them." a little advise lady? stfu - because you are the one being judged here!keri russell gets wetsuper bewbie mariah careygirls hunting girls (very nsfw)kirsty gallacher huge pokiehide in your office, hahacnn makes fun of americans!shocker desk light - too cool! loljenny elvers upskirt photokeeley hazell - these are real and huge!i spy a camel toe video (nsfw)topless victoria beckham (posh spice)pamela rogers turner phone videohillarious retarded sing-along








				sunday, may 21, 2006
			


australian hottie: annalise braakensiek

austalia has really spit out some hotty models and actresses in their time. here's some proof. check out this babe annalise braakensiek in her finest nudie shots, hehe.        sexiest ass ever... or is it? lolparis hilton sexy compilationsexy pornstar riding the sybian (nsfw)can't go wrong with two hot chicks, ready to make out!rita g. strips on howard stern (nsfw)haha: peepee porn blooper (nsfw)charlotte church: overweight in bikinidrunk party girl nip slip (nsfw)cheryl tweedy nip slip (nsfw)








				friday, may 19, 2006
			


nice legs mariah carey

yes, mariah carey is an alright lookin broad, but does she deserve her own statue? not only is she as busty as possible in every photo op and video shot, she is now being declared as a goddess with smokin' hot legs!a ceremony is being held for mariah carey where she is having a 16-foot "celebrity legs of a goddess" statue of legs created for her. now, i could see a statue of her, being built - for her - in her own house, but just a huge statue of her legs? come on now! i don't understand why it isn't just a 16-foot statue of her bust - being that it seems to be the most "treasured" item on her body, which she flaunts on a constant basis!         mischa barton: sexy school girlurinals aren't for girls, lolthe o.c's jaime king in whip creambucci twins wow! (nsfw)lucy becker's huge breasts! (nsfw)beyonce sexy upskirt shotsparis hilton vs. nicole richie in celebrity death match.quality nude big brother compilation (nsfw)shakira hot ass shaking video!debra wilson from mad tv - topless flashing (nsfw)marisa miller booty booty bang banggotta love having fun at werk ;)cheryl hines topless from curb your enthusiasm.hellen costa sexy gallery (nsfw)




favorite sites

web directory list
smashing directory
just shut the f*** up! [new]
busty and sexy! [new]
sexy fuck games [new/fun]
leenks [hot!]
jumbo sized
hot chicks daily
that's fucked!
college humor [funny]
rich and brainless [celebs]
da dump
media pickle
priceless funny pictures
camel style [smokin]
goyk daily distraction
nsfw news
taxi driver [nipple slips]
sexy videos
lax time
beer and shots!
celebrity smack
golf monster
basketball monster
football monster
hockey monster

get laid tonight!





hot hot hot!


your ad here

previous posts

stupid celebrity baby names
hilton & ritchie buds again!
hardcore talker gillian mckeith
australian hottie: annalise braakensiek
nice legs mariah carey
celebrity quotes #2
kate hudson is a babe!
funny celebrity quotes
avril lavigne gets glitzy
ashlee simpson learned soo little
 
archives

november 2005december 2005january 2006february 2006march 2006april 2006may 2006june 2006
 
today's hot deals!














