





syracuse djs in syracuse dj the great music company – fun and memorable events…. easy!!   …315.476.8742












































 








		skip to content








 





main menu
 


home
client login
your wedding
your mitzvah
your eventmenu toggle

wedding music ideas
lighting enhancements
frequently asked questions


request information
contact
 
315 476 8742 


 
 

















 


fun and memorable events...easy!!the great music company 

					315.476.8742				

















we help you design the perfect event. 







imagine everyone having a great time at your wedding, mitzvah, or party… taking your vision and making it a reality is our goal to a fun and memorable event.we are always accessible to help you in the planning, and with using our ‘online planning tools’ you can customize your timeline and music list.with our guidance and direction, it will be a day you and your guests will always remember.                                              we make it easy! 















your weddingmaking your wedding dreams come true takes so much more than just playing music. directing your ceremony and or reception, coordinating with your vendors, and making everything stress free, is our specialty. your dj will be your spokesperson and should reflect your personality. 






more about weddings











your mitzvahyour child has worked and studied so hard to deserve a day of celebration with family and friends. we know how much planning goes into this special day and with our experience and your vision, we can bring out their personality and your party will be fun and memorable! 






more about mitzvahs











other eventshaving a company function, anniversary, birthday, graduation, reunion, school or college, need a sound system, special lighting, we can accommodate for any event. our event planner will work close with you and our djs and technicians have the unique skills to make your event a success. 

   






more about other events























 







your exclusive 



wedding 











							planners						


						coming soon					









read more


























 


gallery 
























































































letitia


                planning booking
            















john 


                dj host
            















jennifer


                presenter host
            















james


                dj host
            















john


                dj host
            






 






 







home
client logon
your wedding
your mitzvah
request information
contact
 

						copyright © 2025 syracuse djs in syracuse dj the great music company 315-476-8742					



















































