










home - silverton area chamber of commerce





















































  

















skip to content




























menu 
homebusiness directoryeventschamber about us board of directors join now contact ushot dealsjob postingsnews releasesvisit silverton recreation info request visit silverton








 






























directory 
 
















events 
 
















join 
 
















login 
 












welcome to the silverton chamber of commerce











the silverton chamber of commerce invites you to explore and learn about the medley of treasures we have to share.  founded in 1854, silverton is a historic town with stately homes shaded by grand old oak trees nestled in the heart of the willamette valley.
spring, summer, winter or fall, silverton is a wonderful place with a full complement of amenities and activities.  on any given day you can refresh yourself with a tour of the oregon garden, a walk through silver falls state park, an exploration of the wonderful shops and restaurants in downtown silverton or a visit to nearby farms and vineyards.  use this website as a guide for what to see and do around town.
with its scenic beauty, rich history, charming downtown and gems of nature – it’s no wonder silverton is oregon’s garden city, the perfect place to grow your dreams!
i look forward to your next visit.
stacy palmer, executive director











#exploresilverton






















announcments













































































silverton is a city that is booming with energy & excitement. need help planning your visit? check out our directory or list of events to get ideas and start planning!


















                                shopping                            














                                dining                            














                                lodging                            














                                community & civic organizations                            














                                attractions & entertainment                            














                                markets                            
















view directory









upcoming events














view all events










welcome new members














view all members




























































chamber advocacy on behalf of business in oregon






one of the benefits of being a chamber member is knowing that our organization and our state chamber are advocating on behalf of the businesses in our community and in our state.  the legislature and the legislative process can be a tricky thing to stay on top of for most small businesses.  too many things all happening at once, keep many business owners from being engaged in the process.
each year the oregon state chamber in collaboration with local chambers puts together a legislative agenda and list of those concerns that have member businesses intrigued.  the silverton chamber of commerce adopted this legislative agenda and shares it's progress or updates with members weekly.
here is a link to the latest legislative updates from the latest session from our friends at the oregon state chamber of commerce.












 












© 2025 silverton area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone
























get in touch!













426 s water st | silverton or 97381 











503.873.5615 













info@silvertonchamber.org 















 
homebuisness directorymember logincontact us








stay connected!






































 © 

 silverton area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top












