




transamcuda.com




























































 





go to ... 
 go to ... 



home
aar cuda registry information

aar cuda vin list
aar cuda online registration
aar cuda mail in registration forms


aar cuda information

broadcast sheet lost and found
correct parts page
parts and casting numbers
body and interior colors


blog
photo gallery
links section
 























 











recent posts


almost 25 years running the aar cuda registry


the unicorn car


chucks barn fresh aar cuda


ff4 4 speed aar cuda survivor


1970 aar cuda 39,000 mile survivor.


archives

august 2024
september 2022
april 2021
july 2019
june 2019
november 2018
october 2018
april 2017
january 2016
october 2015
may 2015
april 2015

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 




aar cuda registry home page


 

welcome to the home of the official aar cuda registry.
the most comprehensive site on the internet for all things aar cuda. please take the time to look over the site and if you haven’t already please register your aar cuda with me. here are a few questions i get asked about the registry.
 

question : “when i register my aar cuda with you does my information stay private?”

 
answer : yes all information stays private. i do not make any owners information public.
 

question : “how often does the aar cuda registry vin list get updated?”

 
answer : that all depends on how much information i receive. it varies from month to month.
 

 
 the plymouth aar cuda was only produced in 1970 and in limited production. the aar cuda was built to compete in the scaa road racing championship series. chrysler teamed up with dan gurney. dan brought in young gun swede savage to round out his team.
all aars had a 340 6 barrel engine. the aar had unique graphics. the stripe down each side was called a strobe stripe, which highlighted the aar cuda badge at the rear of the car. the fiberglass hood scoop was functional and allowed fresh air to be fed into the carbs.
for spoilers, it had front chin spoilers and a rear duck tail spoiler both made of abs plastic. the hood,tops of fenders,top of header panel ,tops of the doors and tops of the quarters by the passenger windows were all painted with a textured paint called organasol. the grill and lower air shield were also black to add to the mean and sleek appearance.

question : “what other options made the aar unique???”

the plymouth aar cuda was also one of the first muscle cars to use an off set tire size. 15″ x 7″ e-60 goodyear polyglass in the front and g-60 in the rear. this gave the car a raked stance.
the exhaust was special as well. the mufflers, which were also painted flat black.. had an inlet and outlet at the same end. the head pipe entered on one side then exited out the other side through the trumpet horn exhaust tip which was mounted right in front of the rear wheel on both sides.
the antenna was mounted in the rear. this was due to radio interference from the fiberglass hood.
the rear axle in an plymouth aar cuda is an 8 3/4 with standard gears being 3:55 and optional 3:91’s
power disc brakes in the front and 11″ drums in the rear were standard.
 

 
drop by and give us a like on our facebook page also. updates to the site are posted on our facebook page so you can keep up with all things 1970 plymouth aar cuda and transamcuda.com
 
click here for transamcuda.com on facebook






















 
			copyright © 2025  transamcuda - home of the aar registry 
								designed by best cheap hosting - wp-hosting, thanks to: hoverboard, http://www.gymflooringshop.co.uk/ and wordpress themes

  
