






conneaut lake area business association | winter, summer, spring or fall, conneaut lake has it all!
















































 
 















home
events
local directory
resources
gallery
about
join
contact
shop
 








select page


  
 



 



 












 
north western pennsylvania
(claba)
eventslocal directory











become a member

join claba and get your free business listing on our website!
learn more












winter, summer, spring or fall, 
conneaut lake has it all!











rising river brewing company










conneaut lake area historical society museum










conneaut lake 










the barbara j










the  iroquois boating & fishing club














2024 events









pumpkin fest 



learn more






pageant



learn more






parade



learn more





pumpkin drop







come out and check out the 2024 pumpkin drop at this year’s pumpkin fest.

pumpkin fest hours:
fri oct. 11  ~   2pm-7pmsat. oct. 12  ~  10am-7pmsun. oct. 13  ~  10am-5pm

the pumpkin drop is saturday the 12th at 5 pm and sunday the 13th at 4 pm at the pumpkin fest in conneaut lake park.



check out our annual pumpkin drop!

pictures and video from previous years.















conneaut lake area business association (claba)

welcome to our site!
we are proud sponsors of the fall pumpkin fest, parade, and the festival of the arts.
we’d like to welcome you and your family to our unique corner of the world, where family fun and good times have been a tradition for over a hundred years!
a friendly, affordable community, conneaut lake offers activities for all members of the family, and accommodations to suit all tastes and budgets. close enough for a day’s outing or a weekend getaway, there’s also plenty of variety for a mini-vacation or longer stay.
whether you’re looking for peaceful waterfront serenity, unique shopping experiences, a variety of savory dining opportunities, or the thrill and nostalgia of a ride on our classic wooden roller coaster, the “blue streak”, at conneaut lake park, we have something for everyone. and we’ve reserved a spot for you!
nestled on pennsylvania’s scenic rt. 6, between pittsburgh and erie, and only minutes from ohio, the conneaut lake resort area surrounds beautiful conneaut lake, pennsylvania’s largest natural lake. fishing, swimming, water skiing (we have no horse power limit), sunbathing or simply relaxing by the water are all yours to enjoy.
 





established as a mecca for hunters and fishermen in the 1880’s, conneaut lake donned its resort area atmosphere with the establishment of conneaut lake exposition park in 1892. we have over 100 years of making guests smile and have proven that “conneaut lake memories last a lifetime”.
you owe it to yourself to come on up, over or down to experience our charm, friendliness and fun. make some more long-lasting conneaut lake memories!!







local directory
check out our local directory of claba members. conneaut lake has a lot to offer. we support local businesses and our listings cover a wide array of categories to meet your needs. search our directory services you need, local shops and restaurants, places to go, and things to do!



click here





our local events
check out all the events we have planned around the lake this year!
winter, spring, summer, & fall. 
plan your visit around our events calendar!. we have something for everyone.
join us for some fun at the lake! 



click here





claba memberships 
join claba and get a”free business directory listing” for your local business, on our website!
claba memberships are annual and run from 1/1 to 12/31
find out more and sign up, on our membership page.



click here






































claba catalog
conneaut lake area business association
conneaut lake ~ naturally great!









places to go & things to do in conneaut lake!
check out our local online directory of businesses in the conneaut lake area.support our local businesses.shop local!

check out our local directory





are you a local business, and want to place an ad in our claba online local directory?claba members get a free listing and free ad in our local directory.

find out more




















 









design by | octopus 9
handcrafted websites as unique as u

copyright © conneaut lake area business association all rights reserved.




home

local directory

events

resources

gallery

about

join

contact



follow

privacy policy

po box #646
conneaut lake, pa 16316
email: conneautlakebusiness@gmail.com



 







 
































