



permanent eyeliner, scar treatment, microblading | wanda enoch

































































 


microblading, permanent makeup, 


cosmetic enhancement clinicpermanent makeuphome
about

biography
credentials
locations
policies
testimonials


faqs
services

permanent makeup
microblade hairstroke eyebrows
medical applications
tattoo removal (non-laser)
vascu touch
eyelash lift, tint & brow tinting
skin treatments


pricing
gallery
resources

pre-care
after-care
patient forms
policies
partners & friends


contact
training
home

permanent makeup -microblading
artist – wanda enoch
wanda has been a permanent makeup  artist since 1993. her expertise in permanent makeup procedures include eyeliner, lip liner, full lip color, powder eyebrows, microblading eyebrows, color refreshing, corrective work, scalp micropigmentation smp, tattoo removal and scar camouflage. her medical applications were written about in the chicago tribune.
for your convenience appointments are available in state health department licensed facilities covering the greater chicagoland area. near chicago in the northern suburb of park ridge, the southern suburbs of palos park, palos hills and the western suburb of warrenville, all in illinois.
appointments are also available monthly in ft. myers, fl  
please call for the scheduled dates. 
888-461-4441 or 630-896-4441

enhance the beauty of your eyes, lips and brows with long-lasting permanent makeup.
for centuries women have beautified their eyes and lips with various forms of “permanent” makeup. during the last century this makeup form has been the most popular in the asian and latin countries. in the late 1980’s the concept of permanent makeup was introduced in america and has since quickly gained popularity. when performed by an experienced and skillful technician, the advantages are readily apparent.
permanent makeup is convenient. it defines, improves and enhances your natural features, giving you the confidence of looking your best at all times. cosmetically the most popular procedures include eyeliner, lash enhancement, eyebrows, lip liner, and full lip color. the eyeliner or lash enhancement creates the look of thicker lashes and beautifully frames the eyes. eyebrows that are sparse, missing or shapeless can be filled in or more evenly shaped. lip liner and full lip color can redefine the shape and add a brighter color to pale lips.
microblading for eyebrows has become the current fashion trend. even though microblading is touted as being semi-permanent, it is considered a tattoo and may last anywhere from 1 to 7 years depending many factors such as body chemistry, lifestyle, skin type, pigment type and application technique.
in illinois and florida, it is important to make sure your technician is working in a location with a license from the state health department.
check your state requirements for tattoos and make sure your technician is legit.
 
call for an appointment 888-461-4441

 

locations >>
illinois (main office)
florida
pennsylvania
by appointment only!
toll free: 888-461-4441

accepts visa, mastercard, checks, cash

 email me >>






pre-care instructions


after-care instructions

client reviews

loading quotes...



 write a review >>
google+

 





 permanent makeup
microblade hairstroke eyebrows
lips
eyes
brows
beauty mark
retouch
corrective work
removal


 medical applications
scar camouflage
skin needling
hair simulation
scalp tinting
nipple/areola pigmentation
vitiligo
alopecia
trichotillomania


 tattoo removal
non laser


 vascu touch
skin tags
cherry angiomas
brown (age) spots
cholesterol deposits
broken capillaries


 eyelash & brow tinting


 

 skin treatments
facials
chemical treatments
ultrasonic microdermabrasion
skin products
crows feet treatments
microneedling


 

 become a model!

click for details



 
about
testimonials
faqs
pricing
gallery
policies
locations
contact
training
 








