













internet marketing indianapolis | seo indianapolis | vericom services



















































internet marketing and telecom consultingfor small and midsize business317.776.9450

















                                vericom services                            




                                internet marketing services                                







                                seo                            




                                web design                            




                                pay-per-click(ppc)                            




                                marketing programs                            








                                telecom consulting                            




                                about us                            




                                contact us                            


 
















































 
local seo
is your company struggling to get found online?  local seo marketing from vericom services will get your company into the spotlight.  increased exposure = increased leads.
 
 
 







 
website design
indianapolis website design solutions from vericom services.  we custom design your site to be easy to navigate, easy to find and professional looking at an affordable price.

 
 
 









 
pay-per-click
pay-per-click (ppc) is one of the most effective ways to advertise your local business. with local ppc we create campaigns that are specifically geo-targeted for your business.
 
 
 







 
telecommunications consulting
vericom services offers full telecom consulting and expense management services.  we deliver cost effective solutions for your voice, data and internet needs.  

 
 
 



















 
get your business moving
with our affordable digital marketing service program
 


























 "we couldn't be happier with our digital marketing program from vericom services.  now, our website ranks on the first page in the major search engines.  we have seen a large increase in the number of  new patients who tell us they found our practice from the internet.  we especially appreciate the one-on-one consulting relationship we have with owner randy morgan.  he keeps us updated on ways we can continue to cost effectively improve our effectiveness in using the internet as a communications and marketing tool.  vericom services is a great business partner."
holland orthodontics, indianapolis and carmel, in

 
"originally, we had a built our own website, but weren't satisfied with the final design and more importantly we weren't being found on the search engines.  another business owner friend referred me to vericom services.  we gave them a call and from our initial meeting we felt comfortable that our site would soon play a very important part in growing our business.  the results have been even better than we had hoped.  our website is ranked on the first page in the local indianapolis google search and we were are continuing to grow our business with new customers."
indy cutters lawn care, inc














 
 
   introductory digital marketing program$999.00
 

 

















vericom services14701 cumberland road, suite 101noblesville, in 46060 call us:  317.776.9450 contact us:  vericom servicesindianapolis, fishers, carmel, noblesville, westfieldbrownsburg, avon, greenwood, anderson












		copyright vericom services 2019	








