





bee removal by industrial mission




































skip to content




 



	control of pests








home
about us
control of pests
artificial breeding
say hi
search 













 



















super adaptableanything and everything you need 



















finding a bee removal company near me

posted on may 7, 2018august 26, 2024 by allan mitchell 


i wanted to look for a bee removal company near me because i had an issue with bees on my property. they ended up building a nest in my back yard and i didn’t want my family and i to get stung. so, we hired a good company to help us out.
the first thing i did was search for bee removal companies in my area. i went to a search engine website and then i searched for bee removal in the name of my city. when i got results, i made note of the ones that were in my area and looked like they fit the bill. i made sure that i put together a list of more than one company so i could compare different services. hiring someone at random is just not something i do when it comes to getting any kind of a service to help me.
the key for me was finding a bee removal company with the best reputation. i also wanted to work with a company that was able to do the work for a fair price. the first thing i did when i had the names of some companies written down was look up reviews on each of them. i tried to find more than one review on each of the bee removal services out there so i could learn more about what experiences people had with the company. also, i called around and asked for pricing so i could learn what people were charging on average in my area for bee removal assistance.
now you know how i found a bee removal company near me. it didn’t take too long for me to find what i needed in the world of bee removal. there are plenty of options and i hope that i have helped people to find good services with my advice.…


posted in control of pests tagged bee removal near me  






an autochthonous wasp for the biological control of pests

posted on may 5, 2018may 5, 2018 by allan mitchell 


researchers from inta have devised a new tool for the management of insects in fruit trees. the use of this natural enemy allows reducing the number of applications of insecticides.
discovered in 2004, in the rural area of general roca -rio negro-, by the plant health team of the inta alto valle, the wasp – goniozus legneri – attacks the main insects that affect the quality and health of the fruit growing of north patagonia. after years of observation, the inta team determined that it could be used for the biological control of the primary pests in the region.
liliana cichon, the specialist in biological control of plagues in fruticulture of the inta, stood out that this new practice is a sustainable tool in the economic, environmental and social part of an integrated management strategy of low environmental impact (mibia).
“the release of these wasps allows substantially reducing the number of applications of insecticides, using only those of low toxicity (green band) and obtaining the same efficacy as in conventional control strategies,” said cichon. “this is what their potential is based on,” he said.
the innovation lies in the species, the culture, and the release method. “the wasp can parasitize lepidopterous larvae, that is, moths or butterflies,” he said. “for this, small paper bags that contain pupae in an advanced stage of development are attached to the trees, from which emerge the adults that will parasitize the larvae of the present pests,” he said.
according to the specialist, “they are evaluating with more precision the most appropriate moments to perform more efficient releases for the control of carpocapsa (the key pest of pip fruits), granola, carob moth, leaf curlers and other isos” .…


posted in control of pests  






the main advantage of autochthonous

posted on may 4, 2018may 5, 2018 by allan mitchell 


“the main advantage of goniozus legneri is its autochthonous nature since it is present in the north of patagonia, in various crops such as pear, apple, and walnut and is harmless for humans,” he said. “also, it can be found in the nogales areas of la rioja and catamarca and chile and uruguay,” he added.
in the wild, the wasp is found in a low population density and parasitizes up to 20% of the larvae. therefore, “it is necessary to increase the number of individuals in the fruit forests, through artificial breeding and a series of flood releases,” analyzed cichon.
during the research, the benefits of the mibia strategy were compared with the release of these wasps, with another one of integrated pest management (ipm) in a demonstrative pear culture. “in both cases, the technique of sexual confusion was used as a basic tool for the control of carpocapsa ( cydia pomonella, l. ),” he said. “the results obtained showed that both strategies were successful for the control of the pest and, in the future, their environmental impact will be evaluated,” he said.
to future
in 11 years of research, the team integrated by liliana cichon, silvina garrido and jonatan lago also devised a method of artificial breeding, to obtain a large number of wasps to be released in flooding and periodic in the field, and cause a depressant effect on pests such as carpocapsa.
the first field tests were conducted in january and february 2016, in an organic production establishment of apple trees in the middle valley of río negro. there, in an area of 16 hectares, 64 thousand wasps were released. the same method is being tested on a walnut grove in that region.
according to cichon, “the doses and frequency of release depend on the number of pests to control, their population densities, the cultivar and the health program that is implemented in the establishment.”
…


posted in artificial breeding  












about us
environmental health it combines the most advanced techniques of fumigation with the highest quality standards that, together with the use of state-of-the-art chemical products, ensure the control of insects and pests in your home without harming the environment.


february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« may
 
 


recent posts



finding a bee removal company near me


an autochthonous wasp for the biological control of pests


the main advantage of autochthonous


 







             	theme by out the box


















