







keith henson news









who is keith henson?
and why is scientology after him?




click photo for enlargement.




search operatingthetan.com with google


  




visit xenu.net or whyweprotest.net
                  for general information
                  on scientology and scientology criticism


or visit xenu-directory.net
                  for more links and in-depth information.



the "tom cruise
                    missile" trial transcripts are here,
                    and the infamous "motions in limine" are
                    here.





                  henson's current email
                  is hkeithhenson@gmail.com.






on 26 apr 2001, keith henson was convicted of
              
              "interfering with a religion", a misdemeanor
              under california law, for picketing outside
              scientology's 
              heavily-armed, razor-wire enclosed base outside
              hemet, ca.

              at trial, the judge
              threw out all henson's witnesses, disallowed any
              testimony about his reasons for picketing the cult,
              and allowed the prosecution to present excerpts from
              henson's internet postings out of context. the
              scientology witnesses also committed perjury which
              henson was not permitted to rebut.










you can help! donate
          directly to henson's defense




 




  









trial transcripts
help keith
      henson
red
      alert
timeline
why
      help?
more
      help
writings of keith henson
the biggest
      myth



recent news - what's
  happening to keith henson now?18 apr 2009: since henson's
  release from riverside county jail in september, 2007, he has
  been scrupulously abiding by the terms of his probation and
  avoiding anything related to scientology criticism. before he was
  released from jail, henson appealed his criminal conviction.

  a decision
  affirming the conviction was handed down this week. the appeal
  was rejected as untimely. the appeal court gave no consideration
  whatsoever to the
  many serious questions raised about the adminstration of
  justice during henson's trial. these and related documents are
  available here

  while henson can appeal this decision further, cost is
  prohibitive and such an appeal must be filed by early next
  week.

18 jun 2007: henson has been languishing in jail since he was
  taken into custody on may 8. for the crimes of picketing on a
  public highway, and responding to a joke in a usenet newsgroup,
  henson has already spent more time behind bars than
  paris
  hilton will spend in total for driving under the
  influence of alcohol with a blood alcohol content of 0.08%,
  driving with a suspended license, driving 70 mph in a 35 mph
  zone, and driving without headlights after dark.

henson filed notice of appeal today. please consider a
  donation to henson's defense. you can donate directly with the
  paypal link at the top of this page, or by connecting to paypal and using the send money tab
  to send a donation to hkhenson@rogers.com
  hkeithhenson@gmail.com. if you have a major credit card, you do
  not need to be a paypal member to send money via
  paypal.

01 jun 2007: henson reports on the journey
  from arizona to california.

henson appeared in california court on may 30. some details
  are 
  here. you need to be logged in as "guest" to view this
  information.

26 may 2007: henson is 
  in custody in california. no further information is available
  at this time.
25 may 2007: in a recent blog
  entry, the electronic frontier foundation stated
eff's 
  concerns about the original verdict remain, and the sentence
  given seems overly harsh given that the conviction was for a
  single, nonviolent misdemeanor as part of protest
  activity.

21 may 2007: henson's appeal
  deniedhenson's appeal for stay
  and review of the denial of the writ of habeas
  corpus was denied.
  henson's attorney teleconferenced with the court this afternoon,
  who rejected his arguments.

henson will be extradited to riverside county as soon as
  practicable for riverside county.

readers who are unfamiliar with the history of this case may
  wish to read 
  this article from the electronic frontier foundation, that
  was written shortly after henson was convicted in 2001.


21 may 2007: i apologize for not keeping this information more
  current. updates are in the works.

in the meantime, please listen to arel lucas
  on vince daniels' radio program, and read the press release
  that henson supporters have been circulating recently.

henson has decided to appeal the
  decision last friday.

anonymous threatening messages continue to appear in
  alt.religion.scientology. false claims suggesting that henson is
  a pedophile
  and a terrorist
  are supported with allegations that were subsequently recanted or
  disproven, yet the statements are presented as fact.

further scrutiny of the 
  bench warrant submitted with the 
  request for extradition has led me to update the recent
  article questioning the strange documentation associated with
  this case.

17 may 2007: a succinct
  summary of henson's situation was published yesterday.
  recommended reading.

  some questions
  about lost, misplaced, and otherwise strange incidents with court
  documents.

16 may 2007: henson is unable to communicate with his lawyer.
  his wife arel sent this report:

keith has been unable to speak with his lawyer since last
  wednesday immediately following the hearing.

whether it's a glitch in the inmate telephone system or
  deliberate, i don't know, but his lawyer has tried everything he
  knows how to do, called the inmate telephone number over and over
  again to get his account set up, waiting up to half an hour on
  hold, trying to give payment, etc. he is a 2-hour drive from
  here, so that is a major problem. the way the system works, keith
  can call him but he cannot call keith. and the system keeps
  telling keith his lawyer is not registered.

the way things are, he will not be able to speak with his
  attorney until the hearing on friday. i believe this is
  unconstitutional.
 15 may 2007: riverside county radio personality
  vince daniels announced
  that henson's wife arel lucas will be a guest on his show this
  saturday. listen on-line by clicking the "listen live" link at
  the top of his
  page.

if you have not signed the petition, please do so.

henson's wife circulated this
  update late yesterday. i have also added a page summarizing the
  original charges, and the law henson was convicted of
  violating. this looks every bit as outrageous today as it did in
  2000. perhaps even moreso, given subsequent events.

12 may 2007: numerous articles have been posted to the
  newsgroup alt.religion.scientology recently, some of which
  attempt
  to discredit henson and others which falsely
  claim that henson is a pedophile, implying that he will be
  harmed if he is returned to california. similar threats,
  some of which are reproduced here, have been posted for several
  years now.

the articles are all anonymous; they were posted either via
  anonymous
  remailers or open
  proxies.

joe lynn, a long-time alt.religion.scientology participant who
  posts as "zinj", posted compelling evidence
  that at least one of these came from someone working for the
  church of scientology.

11 may 2007: henson proposed another
  way you can help, excerpted from a message from his wife,
  arel.

10 may 2007: are you wondering if you can help? in this
  message from his wife arel (edited at her request), henson
  asks that people see if any of the reporters who have done
  stories on california prison overcrowding would be interested in
  doing a story about how -- despite the overcrowding and
  consequent release of felons -- the governator has apparently
  signed an extradition warrant to bring back a 64-year-old man
  whose meds the citizens of california will have to pay
  for.

9 may 2007: update
  from arel lucas, henson's wife (slightly edited), describes
  the impact of the state's refusal to provide the documents
  requested by henson or his attorney yesterday.

8 may 2007: this package was
  delivered to henson and his attorney when they appeared for his
  hearing. for unknown reasons, 
  the state of arizona refused to provide these documents prior
  to the hearing, claiming that they had been delivered to henson's
  attorney. they were not. the documents themselves indicate that
  they were delivered to a "brian russo, attorney for the
  defendant". yet the state's own 
  on-line docket identifies henson's attorney
  correctly.

henson is now in custody in arizona awaiting an appearance for
  an extradition hearing on may 9 at 9:00 am.

29 apr 2007: update
  from arel lucas refers to extradition-related documents such
  as the first
  arrest warrant submitted to arizona authorities by riverside
  county, dated sept 15 2000 and ordered by judge
  wallerstein.

this warrant raises several questions about wallerstein and
  the riverside county court system.

the warrant does not appear on the court docket, which can
    be viewed online. after logging in here, proceed to
    
    the docket here.
the warrant, dated sept 15 2000, claims henson violated
    (among others), california
    penal code section 1320(a), failure to appear. the docket
    shows henson appeared before judge albert j. wojcik on sept 15
    2000, and was released on his own recognizance.
the warrant claims it was ordered by judge robert h.
    wallerstein, the same judge who prohibited henson from mounting
    a defense when his case did come to trial some seven months
    later.


the
  message from lucas also refers to a second
  warrant submitted by riverside county authorities, that is
  little more than boilerplate.
  in particular, the warrant omits the date of alleged failure to
  appear, and the name of the ordering judge.
  curiously, both warrants bear the same clerk's signature.

digitally-enhanced versions of these and other documents can
  be viewed here.
  the original
  scans are also available.



6 apr 2007: motion
  to unseal "informally" sealed parts of the "interfering with
  a religion" trial record.

2 mar 2007: henson hearing postoned until may 8. report from
  his wife, arel lucas, includes
  updated information on how to help.

6 feb 2007: henson out on bail! report from his wife, arel lucas. coverage of the unfolding
  events grows. while i will have more full updates, the news is
  being reported widely on digg, and i recommend this page
  of search results for updates on the latest, and the new
  free keith
  henson blog for official information, news, and information
  on how to help.

3 feb 2007: henson writes a report while in jail.

2 feb 2007: henson arrested in arizona! 
  more informationand legal defense fund
  information here. a message from
  henson's wife, arel lucas.

23 sep 2005: a large update in legal documents is on the way.
  until that is done, here is a large, unsorted document dump is available.

16 sep 2005: keith henson 
  departs canada prior to deportation, his asylum bid having
  been rejected. his current whereabouts are unknown.

26 aug 2005: attorney david l. cook responds to the discussion
  of his letter in this outraged threat
  letter. henson respods with this
  email. cook should be mindful that this is a much more mellow
  response 
  than kobrin got.

23 aug 2005: henson ran into difficulties getting people to
  accept service as non parties. this
  motion asks for 30 some odd people to be considered parties
  for purposes of examining "extrinsic" fraud in henson's criminal
  case.

16 aug 2005: robert k. schwarz interrogatory.

14 aug 2005: hoden interrogatory.

14 jul 2005: henson's motion for
  more time.

  the background is that the three "victims" extended the
  incompetence and dishonesty of henson's kangaroo court into a
  civil case against him. based entirely on the criminal case, the
  scientology lawyers obtained a judgement in 2002 for almost
  $100,000 against henson.

  after bringing the judgment into the bankruptcy court, they sat
  on it for years. as part of the recent pressure on henson which
  included a pi assaulting him,
  david l. cook filed a motion to make the judgment
  non-dischargeable.

  this was henson's response. july 26, 2005 judge weissbrodt
  granted him more time and power to investigate such matters as
  hoden testifying under duress.

2 jul 2005: henson's situation is covered in an article,
  "enemy of the church," by the
  brantford
  expositor.

new: henson's bankruptcy trial
  transcripts now available.


15 oct 2004: henson posts an account of ongoing settlement
  negotiations in bankruptcy court.

23 jul 2004: henson notices bankruptcy judge arthur weissbrodt
  of what he describes as "illegal or serious ethical
  breaches" in his bankruptcy case, specifcally that u.s.
  trustee susan luce appears to prefer scientology's interests over
  another creditor, the irs. it references 
  this decision by henson's bankruptcy court. incidentally,
  there are two other decisions in this case available online which
  i haven't previously linked to. one of 8 jan 2002, 
  refusing to apply the fugitive disentitlement doctrine to
  henson's case, and the other, of 13 feb 2003, 
  converting his chapter 13 case to chapter 7.

18 jul 2004: henson gives an update
  on his situation, stating that the u.s. trustee in his
  bankruptcy is attempting to dismiss his bankruptcy, so that
  scientology can get the entirety of the proceeds of the sale of
  henson's house. henson notes: what's amusing about this is that i
  owe about $20k in income taxes that i couldn't pay in 1999-2001.
  the us trustee is insisting the case be dismissed. if they do get
  the case dismissed, the cult gets money that the irs has a claim
  on. makes you wonder who they are working for."

3 jun 2004: henson files a civil rights complaint
  with the department of justice civil rights division. the
  doj responds, claiming to have
  "carefully reviewed the information." however, they refer to the
  judge in henson's case (wallerstein) as "judge walker." one would
  suggest to doj section chief albert n. moskowitz that the next
  time he lies about carefully reviewing a case, that he at least
  get the judge's name right. this might give these form letter
  blowoff lies more credibility. henson's complaint serves as an
  excellent introduction to anyone viewing this page for the first
  time.

20 dec 2003: r.u. sirius interviews keith henson in an article
  called "exile
  on meme street," published in the neofiles.

19 nov 2003: henson wins a surprising victory in bankruptcy
  court, as the sale of his house goes through, at least opening
  the possibility that keith and arel will see some of the
  proceeds. scientology has fought long and hard against this, and
  even got a stay forbidding the sale from scientology-friendly
  judge ronald m. whyte. in a peculiar twist, though, for some
  reason, they failed to file this with the bankruptcy court,
  allowing the sale to go through. it is possible the granting of
  the stay by whyte displayed such blatant favoritism that they
  were worried about the repercussions of using it. it is also
  possible that it was the result of simple incompetence. in either
  case, the bankruptcy trustee and arel lucas have filed this
  emergency motion to vacate nunc
  pro tunc order granting temporary stay.

17 nov 2003: keith henson 
  in this article by simon smith on the betterhumans site.

10 sep 2003: keith henson is interviewed
  by pot-tv. streaming media available here.

16 jul 2003: henson's bankruptcy case grinds on. unsatisfied
  with ruining henson himself financially, they now revenge
  themselves upon his wife arel lucas by attempting to connive her
  exempt half of the henson home owned in joint tenancy. arel lucas
  replies pro se to their motion in this reply and describes the
  situation in this
  explanatory declaration. this kind of abuse of the courts is
  no surprise from scientology or scientology lawyer samuel d.
  rosen, a hulking ogre who threw his own wife down a flight of
  stairs in a courthouse, according to the allegations reference in
  his own lawsuit against suffolk county
  alleging an injunction on him following this criminal conduct
  somehow violated his rights. i suppose this is what qualifies as
  "good character" for the purposes of practicing law in
  california.

20 may 2003: usenet poster essle posts a draft of an article by keith henson which
  is circulating. importantly for this site, it notes henson's
  silence as of late but his continued well-being. that aside, look
  for changes on this site in the near future.

9 mar 2003: henson posts a march
  roundup of the latest events in his cases.

7 feb 2003: the bankruptcy court issues an order which is effectively against henson,
  and converts his chapter 13 bankruptcy to chapter 7. 
  this usenet thread debates the significance of this
  ruling.

21 nov 2002: the cult
  objects to henson's
  appeal.



13 nov 2002: henson files a notice
  of appeal in his civil case, which is properly served on plaintiffs.

29 sep 2002: henson's bankruptcy trial starts. arel henson
  reports: day 1 day 2 day 3 day 4 day 5

4 sep 2002: scientology files a
  motion for $100,000.00 in damages in their civil case.

26 aug 2002: transcript
  of a hearing in henson's civil
  trial over the same matters which resulted in the "picket sign terrorism" trial.

26 aug 2002: henson files an ex
  parte motion in his contempt hearing, which is partially
  granted.

23 aug 2002: henson's article "sex, drugs and
  cults" is published by the human nature
  review

16 aug 2002: henson's wife arel lucas posts this report and keith henson posts this report of a contempt hearing before
  judge whyte over 
  this motion.

22 jul 2002: ida j. camburn reports that
  largely due to scientology's ranting
  about henson's amicus brief, it
  has been accepted into evidence in the lisa mcpherson wrongful death
  case.

16 jul 2002: here's a general roundup of the last two weeks.
  keith's amicus curiae filing in
  the lisa mcpherson
  wrongful death case generates a bizarre response from scientology's
  lawyers. hagglund and henson file
  for summary judgment in their small claims suit against the toronto
  police. henson warns hogan again
  about the frivolousness of scientology's 
  recent contempt motion in the original 1996 copyright
  lawsuit that set the events covered in this page off.
  finally, judge weissbrodt in henson's bankruptcy issues a
  scathing response to an
  outrageous scientology filing which
  actually goes so far as to accuse the judge of abetting a
  fugitive for making a ruling they don't like.

24 jun 2001: the electronic
  frontier foundation issues this media release in support of henson's
  case, representing a major shift in the public view of this
  travesty of justice. 

  see the timeline for more
  news.







the biggest myth about keith henson


        the myth is that keith henson made "bomb threats." if you
        happen to be a journalist and happen to be talking to
        schwarz, ask him point-blank to state what keith said that
        constituted a threat of any kind. the legal definition of a
        bomb threat is an unequivocal, unconditional threat that
        leads to an immediate fear of harm. the only such "threat"
        would be the posting of gps
        coordinates, and that was posted by david rice. the
        post is clearly tongue-in-cheek humor and was itself not
        entered into evidence.

        henson's posts that were entered into evidence are here, though it should be noted that
        the exhibits presented to the jury were redacted to the
        point that the jury stated at a recess that they had great
        difficulty telling who wrote what; and may have based their
        considerations of henson's actions on the words of other
        people.

        the other "threat" was also a post made by another person,
        who was clearly joking, made further down the thread by a
        person not even responding directly to henson. here is
        
        the thread as archived by google.
      




more info about helping keith henson



need an engineer? hire keith,
        here's his resume.
        find out more, and read keith's writings.
        keith henson in canada, courtesy of
        xenu.ca.
why should i help?
how else can i help?
picket
        for arel, keith henson's wife.











meet elliot
          abelson:
          the man behind the henson prosecution





ca attorney general bill
          lockyer:
          friend of scientology?

















        keith henson is one of the most effective critics of
        scientology. he has litigated pro se against their
        multimillion dollar litigation machine, and in some cases
        he has won, and some he has lost. he has picketed them
        perhaps more than any other single person. he has
        criticized them on the internet, in media interviews, and
        even took the deposition of cult leader david
        miscavige.

        now he is facing terrorism
        charges in california, charges which stemmed from his
        pickets at the secretive and 
        heavily-armed compound called gold base (or golden era
        studios) over the unusual deaths of a scientologist,
        stacy moxon meyer, and a
        non-scientologist, ashlee shaner.
        meyer, the daughter of scientology attorney kendrick moxon,
        adverse counsel in many lawsuits involving henson, died in
        a bizarre and gruesome accident in an underground electrical
        vault. in a horrific irony, when stacy moxon meyer was
        dying underground in the electrical vault, picketers aboveground were
        protesting the previous death of ashlee shaner in a
        ghastly decapitation which occurred because scientology was
        moving construction equipment on the highway at night
        without lights and in the wrong lane. in the shaner case,
        police recommended homicide charges, which were at the time
        not acted on by the same da who feels that picketing and
        posting to usenet is "terrorism."

        incidentally, the same people who claimed to have been
        "terrorized" by the picketers offered to take them to lunch
        on 25 june 2000, evidently to distract them from the death
        scene being cleaned up in the electrical vault close by, a
        point which did not seem significant until the death of
        meyer was reported later as having occurred at that exact
        moment. (henson was not present at this picket.)

        as a result of these pickets and his posts to usenet,
        henson eventually was charged with terrorism.

        henson is far from the only person framed by this cult in
        either wholly fictional or grossly distorted crimes
        involving outright frame-ups, entrapment or other abuses of
        the legal system. recently the st. petersburg times printed
        
        this scathing editorial on scientology abuses of the legal
        system, concluding:

        


but again and again, stories surface that set
          scientology apart. not only does it have a penchant for
          secrecy, it will spend virtually unlimited time and money
          on pursuing, setting up and bringing down its
          critics.

          that's not like any church we know.













        operation clambake

        lisa mcpherson:
        killed by scientology?



        factnet
        scientology archive





          special thanks to the dis.org crew for hosting this page.
          

            web site created by ptsc@my-deja.com.
            currently maintained/neglected by webmaster@operatingthetan.com

            layout by ethercat







