



	tekcollect


















toggle navigation








services
about us

careers 

overview
job listings



news/media 

press releases
blog
video library


contact


consumer portal
client portal










your healthy a/r
our expertise

















your healthy a/r
our expertise






transparency, consistency, respect
a better way to manage your a/r






we're here to help you
contact us today  











your healthy a/r. our services.
make an unprecedented step toward maintaining positive cash flow while you streamline your accounts receivable. it’s easier, friendlier and more affordable than you think.



how do you manage your a/r and collections?
with the fast pace of our professional lives, your staff is probably too busy and uncomfortable to contact your clients to pay their overdue bills.


do you use an attorney to collect?
maybe, but with the expense and alienation factor, it’s definitely a last resort.


how about a third party agency?
you’ve heard about the cost – sometimes 33-50% - and the notorious tactics.








there’s a better way.
tekcollect ensures your clients, money, and processes are treated with the same care you would deliver personally. with an unusually low fixed fee, you can start placing your slow pays early. you can also be assured that your customers will be handled with a soft, non-alienating approach that gets results before your accounts become highly delinquent.








how does it work?

with transparency, consistency, affordability and respect. your customers will appreciate your commitment to their dignity. 
                        they will be more willing to pay, and more willing to stick with you as returning, productive customers. 
                        you can check out your accounts progression online 24/7, and with customized solutions for businesses of any size, you can relax knowing your collections are in trusted hands. 
                    













transparency, consistency, respect



transparency
consistency
respect






discover your solution
your business is a reflection of what you value. it’s more than just the daily grind – it’s knowing you’re making the best choices for your customers and employees.







binary program
learn more









early intervention
learn more









medical
learn more











first party program
first party
learn more









secondary phase
learn more









custom solutions
learn more







partners




















tekcollect

services
about us
careers
press releases

connect




















resources

contact us
privacy policy

links

consumer portal
client portal
sales rep portal
staff








licenses

collection agency nmls no: 1012712
compliance manager nmls no: 2375747
nv collection compliance manager certificate no: cm12365















                copyright ©2016 tekcollect. all rights reserved.
            












