




for sale by owner mls in virginia: we make fsbo easy



































sell 

list your home now  
nar settlement august 2024 and what it means to home seller
virginia mls areas we cover
edit my fsbo listing
seller closing costs
paperwork to closing assistance
seller obligations
virginia flat fee mls listing
fsbo signs and lockboxes
virtual home showings and tours
virginia real estate tax records 



buy 

home buyer rebate in virginia 
virginia property search
schedule home showing appointment
contract to closing support
why buy fsbo 
our office listings
buyers considerations



education 

our flat fee mls service faq
our history
how fsbo works
home selling resources
why sell fsbo
fsbo links
home not sold
fsbo flat fee mls blog



list now
login
contact










selling a home
buying a home





																			sell your home
																	

flat fee mls listing and homes for sale by owner fsbo listings in virginia, md & dc


																			list your home now
																	


buying a home
search for a sell by owner home advanced search




search now



















					gotofsbo.com has provided flat fee mls listings and sell by owner fsbo listings since 1994 through our discounted real estate services.
				





virginia for sale by owner mls makes va fsbo real estate easy.
compare our virginia flat fee mls listing packages here








basic
mls & realtor.com
$299
  order now






saver
the works
$550
  order now






popular
whole enchilada
$799
  order now






favorite
full service
$1299
  order now

















calculate your flat fee mls listing savings

home for sale list price




you save the 3% listing commission*:
$15,000
*minus the cost of the package you purchased











featured listings   
					+ advertise your property here




previous



next
















										for sale									



$319,900



 norfolk, va											













										for sale									



$369,900



 virginia beach, va											













										for sale									



$279,900



 virginia beach, va											













										for sale									



$289,900



 norfolk, va											













										for sale									



$674,000



 virginia beach, va											













										for sale									



$275,000



 virginia beach, va											














										for sale									



$440,000



 virginia beach, va											













										for sale									



$450,000



 richmond, va											













										for sale									



$599,999



 mitchellville, md											













										for sale									



$789,000



 alexandria, va											













										for sale									



$515,000



 charlottesville, va											













										for sale									



$225,000



 wytheville, va											














										for sale									



$275,000



 wytheville, va											













										for sale									



$320,000



 chesapeake, va											













										for sale									



$200,000



 virginia beach, va											













										for sale									



$225,000



 port haywood, va											













										for sale									



$549,000



 manassas park, va											













										for sale									



$350,000



 chesapeake, va											














										for sale									



$1,150,000



 bracey, va											













										for sale									



$215,000



 norfolk, va											













										for sale									



$734,900



 virginia beach, va											













										for sale									



$349,950



 north chesterfield, va											













										for sale									



$415,000



 chesapeake, va											













										for sale									



$325,000



 norfolk, va											














										for sale									



$249,900



 hampton, va											


















virginia flat fee mls listings
list your property in the virginia mls and realtor.com for a low flat fee instead of the commission. save thousands of dollars with our discount real estate brokerage.
 
view details »



2% home buyer rebate cash back
found your new home. looking for a home buyer credit? with our virginia buyer agent commission rebate - you receive up to 2% of our 3% commission at closing from our discount realtor.
view details »



va paperwork to closing support
you found a buyer for your home!! now what?? no problem.
let us take over. call us or e-mail us.

 
view details »








calculate your commission rebate

purchase price




get a buyer rebate at closing up to:
$15,000







thinking about selling your home using a virginia flat fee mls listing company?

naturally it takes more than a sign in your yard to sell your virginia home. but still, you've worked hard to own your own house, and you probably don't want to pay for it to be listed in a way that makes more money for agents than it does for you. sell your home for a flat fee and keep your hard earned equity.  we put you home in the virginia realtor mls and on zillow, realtor.com and thousands of websites the mls feeds to.
perhaps like most people you've considered an alternative to a traditional real estate broker but you wonder what is the difference between a flat fee mls listing versus a traditional real estate listing.  if you compare the virginia flat fee mulitple listing service to a traditional real estate service, you will see you get the best of both worlds with the virginia flat fee mls listing program.  you have the opportunity to sell as a for sale by owner virginia and pay no commission if the buyer comes to you as a fsbo or if the buyer comes to you with a realtor, you only pay up to a 3% commission instead of up to a 6% commission. 

you get the same services for one flat fee versus the commission!  if you list your home with a traditional realtor, even if you find your own buyer while you are listed with that agent, you will still have to pay them a commission.  many home sellers also wonder what their obligations are selling their home fsbo with our va flat fee mls listing program.  how much will a home seller have to pay in closing costs when they sell their home?
 
what virginia mls's areas do we cover?
bright mls - northern virginia, md, dc and surrounding areas including alexandria city, arlington, ashburn, caroline, clarke, culpeper, fairfax, fairfax city, falls church, fauquier, frederick, fredericksburg city, goochland, henrico, king george, loudoun, madison, manassas city, orange, page, powhatan, prince william, rappahannook, shenandoah, spotsylvania, stafford, warren & winchester city counties. 
rein mls - virginia beach/hampton roads, and surrounding areas including chesapeake city, hampton city, isle of wight newport news city, norfolk city, portsmouth city, suffolk city, surry & virginia beach city
waar mls - williamsburg and surrounding areas including james city, new kent, williamsburg city & york county
cvr mls - central virginia regional - richmond and surrounding areas including charles, city, chesterfield, hanover, henrico, hopewell, new kent & richmond counties
rv mls - roanoke valley area including bedford, botetourt, craig, floyd, franklin, roanoke and salem counties
hrar mls - harrisonburg and rockingham including augusta, buckingham, charlotte, madison, staunton city and waynesboro city
caar mls - charlottesville area including albemarle, charlottesville city, fluvanna, greene, lousia and nelson counties.
cbrar mls - chesapeake bay rivers association including gloucester, king and queen, kign william, mathews & middlesex counties
esar mls - eastern shore (we do not cover esar mls but we can put you in the rein or bright mls) accomack and northampton counties
nrv mls - new river valley area including blacksburg, cbland, carroll, floyd, galax city,  giles, grayson, montgomery, pulaski, radford city, tazewell & wythe counties
swvar mls - southwest virginia area including bland, bristol, bristol city, buchanan, carroll, galax city, grayson, patrick, russell, scott, smyth, tazewell, washington & wythe counties
lar mls - lynchburg city including amherst, appomattox, bath, campbell, halifax, & pittsylvania counties
car mls - ocean city maryland
 
how does the virginia flat fee mls listing work for for sale by owner home sellers?

you pick a package depending on the level of service you want. 
you set up an account on the web, fill in some basic information, fill out some required mls docouments and upload some photos.
once you have completed all, it comes to your listing agent and your home will be keyed into the for sale by owner site and the local mls. 
your listing will just like any other listing in the mls.  realtors do not see how much you paid to list the property.
a professional post sign can be delivered and installed in your yard and picked up with certain packages.
you decide if you want a realtor lockbox on your door.
your phone and email contact info will be in the agent remarks for realtors to contact you. 
you control when agents and for sale by owner home buyers can see your home. 
you decide when and if you want to have open houses which we strongly recommend.
all offers are sent direct to you and your listing agent. 
if you sell your home to a home buyer without an agent, you do not pay any commission. 
if the buyer comes to you with an realtor, then you pay the commission you agreed to in the mls listing agreement. 

how does the new nar rule affect sellers?  does a seller still have to pay the buyer agent commission?
what has changed since the new nar rule this past august 2024?  sellers can still pay the buyer agent a commission for them bringing you a buyer.
the difference is that the mls can no longer show the compensation/commission you are offering to the buyer agent.  so now, buyers must sign an agreement stating how much the buyer agent will get to find the buyer a home before the agent can do anything.  then the buyer agent or buyers will negotiate directly with you regarding the commission. if the seller is not willing to pay a commission or the amount is too low, it may reduce the # of buyers that are interested in your property.  there are ways to negotiate and compensation can be dependant on the offer.
how fast can my virginia home for sale be listed in the realtor mls?
your home can be listed for a flat fee in the realtor's mls and on the for sale by owner website in 1 - 2 business days.  same day service is also available if needed for a small fee.
can buyers and agents contact me direct?
your contact information will be in the agent remarks for buyer agents to call you.  the mls does not allow your contact info to be on the mls fed websites.  if an buyer contacts us via phone, email or text, it is then forwarded direct to you so you can contact them.  you will also have a fsbo listing on our website where buyers can find your home listing and contact you direct.
can i offer what i want for the buyer agent commission in virgnia?
yes you can. we encourage you be competitive with others in your neighborhood, but that is up to you.
will my virginia home be on realtor.com, zillow, redfin and all the same websites if i listed with a traditional realtor?
absolutely.  all homes listed in the realtor mls are fed to all the same websites like, zillow, realtor.com, trulia, redfin and thousands more. the websites set up a feed to the mls to gather the information for their website.
why doesn't everyone sell their virginia home for sale by owner for a flat fee?
this program is not for everyone. for some home sellers, it is not worth their time to save 3% - 6% in a real estate commission but for the majority of virginia home sellers it is worth their time.  for most sellers, they want to save the commission and are willing to take a few hours to learn how the process works.  since we do not go to your home, we can only educate our clients with our videos and faqs. if you read the faq's and watch the home selling real estate videos, you will have a good understanding on how the for sale by owner and flat fee mls va program works and how to get the most money for your home.  you also need to be available to answer calls, emails and texts from agents, buyers and us throughout the process.
do i have to have a yard sign and can i have my own fsbo yard sign?
you cannot have a fsbo yard sign.  the realtor mls does not allow it.  this is explained in your mls listing agreement.  you can only have the realtor yard sign. you do not have to have a yard sign but we do recommend one.  you want to stand out with your competition.  a professionally installed post sign can gives buyers piece of mind when they know they are at the right home and drive by buyers will see your home.  don't worry about the nosy neighbors.  you are moving and that nosy neighbor may have a buyer for you.

studies have confirmed that virginia home owners who use a traditional realtor working for a traditional real estate agency can pay an average of $15,000 - $30,000 more in fees on a $500,000 home*. it's time for you to save that money for your next home purchase. higher priced homes resulted in even larger seller savings. 
how will i know when my mls listing is live on the mls and other websites?
you will receive an activation email along with a copy of your mls listing to proof.  you can also google your address once we let you know your home is active on the mls and you will see how many websites have it already.  some website take longer to feed than others.
how do i find the best flat fee realtor in virginia?

look for a local flat fee listing company and realtor that is based in virginia. 
check google reviews on the realtor and company.. 
check out the reviews on the #1 "flatfeereviews" website to see how the company ranks.
call and talk to someone in the company.
do they offer you, the seller, different levels of service.
being able to speak to someone is important.  communication in selling your home is important.
ask how long the company has been in business.
there are a lot of companies out there, some good and some bad.  
look for a company that has a full service flat fee broker.

 

gotofsbo.com has provided virginia home sellers for sale by owner real estate listings, also known as a fsbo listing, and virginia flat fee mls listings in the real estate multiple listing services (mls).  we have been helping home sellings in virginia, maryland and washington d.c. regions since 1994. your realtor, debbie crevier-kent, has been a top real estate agent since 2015.  our va real estate property listings feature homes for sale, land for sale and even rentals. we also offer military homes for sale by owner and off base housing. we are your local virginia flat fee mls listing service company.  not only are we local, we answer our phones. keep up with the latest real estate information on our fsbo blog.
 
our customers have saved millions of dollars. our virginia for sale by owner program is and always will be the very best way to sell your home fast, and put the most money in your pocket regardless of the market.
 
*comparison was based on an average home selling price of $500,000 and took into consideration every scenario involving the virginia for sale by owner home real estate selling process. this is a time-tested process that includes our fully licensed for sale by owner realtors, mortgage brokers, real estate attorneys, the title company, appraisers and inspection services. also check out this article on flat fee listing advantages.

updated february 5, 2025   
 


questions and answers

click on a question below to learn more about our program.






						how does the virginia for sale by owner flat fee mls listing work?
					




						you pay a one-time low flat fee for listing your home on the local realtor mls instead of paying a commission. instead of a traditional realtor coming to your home, you invest 2-3 hours of your time filling out required mls documents and uploading photos to get your home listed in the local realtor's mls.  your listing looks exactly the same as all other listings.  your home will be listed in 1-2 business days. 
					






						how fast can my home be listed in the virginia mls and realtor.com?
					




						after you have set up your account and completed all the steps and answered any questions the listing agent may have, your flat fee mls listing will be keyed into the mls usually within 1 to 2 business days max.  a rush service is available if you need to your home listing to be up and running faster.

					






						is the virginia flat fee mls listing program for everyone?
					




						this program is not for everyone. it is for the sellers that want to save the commission and are willing to take the time to learn the process by reading our faqs and watching our educational videos.  this will give you a good understanding on the process and how to get the most money for your home.  
					













debbie kent, virginia realtor®/owner


for sale by owner of virginia
licensed with cottage street realty, llc
va: 0225030213



our virginia flat fee mls service
gotofsbo.com has provided virginia homes for sale by owner 'fsbo' and virginia flat fee real estate multiple listing services (mls) in the virginia, maryland, and washington d.c. regions since 1994.
read more about gotofsbo and the tremendous cost advantage of our va flat fee mls listing service here.


virginia homes for sale by owner
homes for sale by owner virginia, md & dc, real estate listings va fsbo

about virginia gotofsbo
order va flat fee mls
virginia for sale by owner store
nationwide flat fee mls listing virginia
#1 flat fee review website
nationwide for sale by owner virginia



contact information


direct line: 540-582-5777


voice mail: 703-551-4757


voice mail: 757-301-1764



fast email response









					© 2025 all rights reserved.
					privacy policy | terms of service

















								 arlington homes for sale 
								  
								 ashburn homes for sale 
								  
								 centreville homes for sale 
								  
								 chantilly homes for sale 
								  
								 chesapeake homes for sale 
								  
								 fairfax homes for sale 
								  
								 fairfax city homes for sale 
								  
								 falls church homes for sale 
								  
								 fauquier county homes for sale 
								  
								 frederick homes for sale 
								  
								 fredericksburg homes for sale 
								  
								 gainesville homes for sale 
								  
								 hampton homes for sale 
								  
								 harrisonburg homes for sale 
								  
								 herndon homes for sale 
								  
								 isle of wight homes for sale 
								  
								 james city homes for sale 
							





								 king george county homes for sale 
								  
								 leesburg homes for sale 
								  
								 loudoun county homes for sale 
								  
								 lynchburg homes for sale 
								  
								 manassas homes for sale 
								  
								 manassas park homes for sale 
								  
								 montgomery homes for sale 
								  
								 new kent homes for sale 
								  
								 newport news homes for sale 
								  
								 norfolk homes for sale 
								  
								 oak hill homes for sale 
								  
								 orange county homes for sale 
								  
								 poquoson city homes for sale 
								  
								 portsmouth homes for sale 
								  
								 prince william county homes for sale 
								  
								 reston homes for sale 
								  
								 richmond homes for sale 
							





								 roanoke homes for sale 
								  
								 rockingham homes for sale 
								  
								 shenandoah homes for sale 
								  
								 south riding homes for sale 
								  
								 spotsylvania homes for sale 
								  
								 stafford homes for sale 
								  
								 sterling homes for sale 
								  
								 suffolk homes for sale 
								  
								 virginia beach homes for sale 
								  
								 westmoreland homes for sale 
								  
								 williamsburg homes for sale 
								  
								 winchester homes for sale 
								  
								 york homes for sale 
								  
								 albemarle homes for sale 
								  
								 charlottesville homes for sale 
								  
								 burke homes for sale 
								  
								 alexandria city homes for sale 
							















