








azanian people's organisation (azapo)














































































































join now








azanian people's organisation (azapo)



become a member


donate







         
                                    menu                            



home
about us
leadership
newsroom
documents
events
photo gallery
blog
join azapo
contact us
 






 

							
                               revolutionary speaking - president's weekly column                             
 
							
                               join now                             
 
							
                               join now                             
 
							
                               join now                             
 
							
                               join now                             
 
							
                               join now                             
 
							
                               join now                             
 
							
                               join now                             
 
							
                               join now                             
 
							
                               join now                             









land
reconquer the land for fair and equitable distribution amongst all azanians.







liberation
liberate black people from psychological and physical oppression for a just and democratic socialist azania.







dignity
build black power and restore our people’s human dignity.







good governance
defend democracy, uphold rule of law, promote good governance and professionalise public service










declaration of principles

criticism and self-criticism.
democratic centralism.
collective leadership.
recall and active participation.
anti-racism and anti-sexism




about central committee
the central committee shall be the supreme organ of the organisation in between sessions of congress and shall, as a collective, inter alia, exercise the following powers; please click the link below.
 
learn more










organising for actionwhat we do?
conscious of the adverse physical and psychological effects of centuries of oppression on black people and on black workers in particular; and aware of the black workers determination to gain freedom and justice, and their desire to occupy their rightful place in the land of their birth; it was therefore resolved to found a national liberation and political organisation – the azanian people’s organisation (azapo).

read more



#relioniseazapo
for us to #relioniseazapo, we need to radically reinvent the movement of biko.





contest for political power
we contest for political power for us to establish a democratic, socialist republic of azania.





shillings to #relioniseazapo
donate to azapo to help sustain and enable us to fight one more day for social and economic justice in our country.










mission and vision


organise



mobilise



lead


organise, mobilise and lead the oppressed people of azania towards the elimination of neo-colonialism, capitalism, imperialism and all other forms of oppression in our country. reconquer the land for fair and equitable distribution amongst all azanians. recapture and restore political, economic and social power and control to all azanians. establish a revolutionary national democracy in azania and a democratic, socialist republic of azania.


learn more








political education online videos
azapo political education discussions, conversations, dialogues, webinars and seminars meant to enrich political debates, inform and exchange information with fellow compatriots.



june 16 uprisings! black perspective - duma ndlovu, majakathata mokoena and tumi wa-thusi lakaje








the life of bc women in exile - maria segwai, nosipho matshoba, matshidiso moroka and nontobeko yawa




the exiled bcm(a) and armed struggle - gen george biya, gen pitso hlasa and commander mbulelo ketye












reinvent the movement of biko “for us to #relioniseazapo, we need to radically reinvent the movement of biko. and a new organisation needs a new member and a new leader who must not be trapped in the shadow of the old leader. the old leader did their bit in the context of their circumstances, space and time. that is why we have a proud legacy today. we are indebted to them. but to try and do what has been done may require us to go back in time by pressing the repeat button of political history.”


learn more








azapo national and provincial elections manifesto 2024
this manifesto contains the blueprint of azapo's vision for a liberated, socialist democratic state. through your vote, azapo will be able to implement its electoral plan based on the following core pillars:-




empowering citizens






re-inventing government






fighting corruption and nepotism






ensuring prosperity and delivering services to the people






building a caring society






enforce stricter control on immigration









total number of days before the local government elections 2026
 









volunteers required
92604



dedicated donors
1229



votes required
1000000



registered voters
26044291








latest news






 azapo  feb 09, 2025 
azapo sends condolences to the people of namibia on the passing of former president comrade sam nujoma
azapo-sends-condolences-on-the-passing-of-namibias-sam-nujomadownload








azapo decries the hollow of false unity in south africa
 azapo  feb 04, 2025 
azapo-decries-the-hollow-of-false-unity-in-south-africa-tuesday04-february-2025download








remembering dr abu baker asvat – the people’s doctor
 azapo  jan 27, 2025 









azapo mourns the passing of her stalwart cde ntlupheko james yekiso
 azapo  jan 25, 2025 
azapo-mourns-the-passing-of-judge-jimmy-mayekisodownload













revolutionary speaking

revolutionary speaking


useful links
home
about us
recommended readings
events
contact us


recent photos









about azapo
               the azanian people's organisation (azapo) is a national liberation, political organisation, leader and custodian of the black consciousness movement (bcm) based in southern tip of africa.                







phone:   060 677 4257
 or (065) 899 4566


email:   info@azapo.org.za













copyright 2024 azapo, all rights reserved.   -   






 

















































