the clift royal sonesta san francisco - official websiteskip to main contentmain navigationour brandsspecial offersmeetings & eventssign in or joinsecondary navigationmy stayshelplocation searchnavigate forward to interact with the calendar and select a date. press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.navigate backward to interact with the calendar and select a date. press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.select room and guest count1 room, 1 guestselect rate typeratesfind hotel
          <iframe
            src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-wz2w5c"
            height="0"
            width="0"
            style="display:none; visibility:hidden"
            aria-hidden="true"
          ></iframe>
        the clift royal sonesta san franciscomodern union square hotel495 geary street, san francisco, ca 94102415.775.4700check-in: 4:00 pmcheckout: 11:00 amdiscover the clift royal sonesta san francisco—our newly renovated hotel in downtown san francisco. located only one block from union square, the clift is a walking distance from some of the city’s most iconic landmarks and attractions including the san francisco museum of modern art (sfmoma) and the ferry building. treat yourself to an upscale experience. from refined guest rooms and a modern lobby experience to our renowned bars and restaurants, the clift is imbued with a sophisticated style that fuses the hotel’s original craftsmanship with modern-day san francisco. long live the guest at the royal sonesta. read more +tour the clifttake an immersive tour of the clift to plan your san francisco visit or event. take a 360° tourdining at the cliftdiscover the glamorous redwood room and our cozy eatery fredericks. discover our diningthe clift hotel weddingsdreaming of a sophisticated san francisco wedding? explore our modern venues. explore wedding venueaccommodationsselect your roomawards & recognition2024 tripadvisor travelers' choice+37take a visual tourphoto gallery+34special offersdeals & offers at the clift royal sonesta san franciscotaste of the baystay, dine and save! up to 15% off, $50 food and beverage credit and more!book nowlearn morewest coast staycationexclusive for california, nevada, arizona, and oregon residents! enjoy up to 20% off room rates and waived destination fees. resort fees. book now for unbeatable west coast savings!book nowlearn morethe suite life experienceenjoy more spacious accommodations with friends or family, including full daily breakfast, late checkout, and the option to add a second room for $99.book nowlearn moreshow more offers + explore the areawhat's nearbyabout the hotelhotel detailsour hotelproperty mascotdestination feethe clift gossipdesign & historybee sanctuarypet policyamenities & featuresin-room amenitiesfitness centerparkingpeloton experiencediningredwood roomfredericksthe living roomeat local sflocal areaunion squareoracle parkfisherman's wharf alcatraz golden gate bridgechase centerthe moscone centertheatersmeetings & eventsweddingsgroup travel faqsabout the clift royal sonesta san franciscojoin us in san francisco at our newly renovated hotel. classic and contemporary with a nod to its storied past, the clift royal sonesta san francisco provides a wide array of amenities and services to make your stay comfortable.from our newly renovated modern and comfortable rooms and suites to our multiple dining and drink experiences, we aim to offer one of the most enjoyable hotel stays you’re likely to have in san francisco. the duchess of san franciscothe sea lions of san francisco know how to make an introduction and the duchess of san francisco is no exception. arriving on the coast of pier 39 decades ago, they've made their presence known ever since, just like the clift royal sonesta hotel. so, when the duchess barks and claps her fins, know it means you're welcome!destination fee at our union square hotel room rates are subject to a daily destination fee of $39.00 (inclusive of tax), which includes:24/7 access to state-of-the-art fitness centerhigh-speed wi-fi for unlimited devices2 bottled waters in-room upon arrivalin-room coffee/tea offering$10 f&b credit dailyfree local and domestic long-distance callsthe clift royal sonesta san francisco in the mediajust luxe (december 2022)the clift royal sonesta hotel — a modern oasis with century old classic vibesread more  usa today ten best — best nightlife in san franciscotop off your san francisco day with a fabulous san francisco nightread more hi travel tales (december 2021)“clift royal sonesta hotel: a luxury historic san francisco hotel"read more“the clift royal sonesta hotel offers affordable boutique luxury with amazing san francisco views and location. renovated in 2020, the historic clift hotel rates as a top hotel in san francisco for comfort, ambiance, and service." jupiter devours (november 2021)“sonesta's newly renovated sf property, the clift royal sonesta hotel: with stunning rooms and food!"read more“the clift royal sonesta hotel is located in san francisco, ca, part of the sonesta franchise hotels. the clift royal sonesta hotel is a century-year-old gem and was first opened in february of 1915 by frederick c. clift. in late 2019, renovation started at the hotel and in 2021, the renovations were finished and the hotel looks super clean, modern, and contemporary."newly renovated, quintessentially san franciscanrecently renovated, guests at the clift royal sonesta san francisco will be welcomed by a sophisticated and modern design signifying a reawakening of the hotel’s original craftsmanship fused with modern-day san francisco. designed for beauty, adaptability, and convenience, the clift is a place that reveals the past and embraces the accelerating pace of the future. the ambiance engages traditional touches while enveloping the beauty of the city by the bay.hotel highlights over a century old,the clift royal sonesta san francisco was originally constructed in san francisco’s union square for the panama-pacific international exposition in 1915 the hotel has many years of history, with specific design touches to serve as a nod to the past the clift royal sonesta san francisco is home to the famous “big chair.” the french embroidery has recently been updated with modern silver upholstery, but the wink to guests remains underneath the chair be welcomed to the hotel lobby with a series of warm neutrals with light driftwood, rich charcoal grays, and metallic bronze accents design elements emphasize the original wall textures and original exposed brick the clift bee sanctuary to continue striving towards being a more eco-friendly hotel, the clift royal sonesta san francisco hosts 10 hives with over 10,000 honeybees on the roof of the hotel.the clift has been a large part of a spearheaded an effort to encourage city hotels to keep bees as an environmentally friendly initiative.the honey produced is proudly used in the hotel's craft cocktail drinks as well as dishes to include the compressed watermelon salad with lavender-infused honey and goat cheese.local beekeeper roger garrison is in charge of installing and maintaining the hives at the clift royal sonesta san francisco.hive factseach hive contains one queen (which lays about 1,500 eggs a day during spring build-up and can live five years or more), female worker bees (which collect pollen and nectar in their last stage of their lifetime of thirty days or so by communicating to one another where the food source is to be found through a behavior known as the waggle dance), and drones or male bees (which are expelled from colonies late fall and won’t reappear until early spring for its sole purpose of mating with a virgin queen).each hive can grow up to 70,000 bees and can produce up to 60 pounds of honey.a hive of bees will travel over 55,000 miles to make this happenone ounce of honey could fuel a single bee’s flight around the worldin 2015, the clift was awarded the good earthkeeping award by california hotel & lodging association.have a pawsome stay at our dog-friendly union square hotelwe love your furry friends as much as you do.sonesta is proud to welcome your cuddly canine companions and provide special amenities like comfy dog beds, bowls, waterproof mats, and treats at check-in. we’ll greet your dog with an arrival letter outlining our local recommendations for a “pawsome” stay.we're also excited to feature a variety of innovative, pet-safe products from fable, both in-room and available for sale, to give our canine guests an extra-special stay.the clift royal sonesta san francisco is pet-friendly and welcomes well-mannered dogs, with no breed or weight restrictions. up to two dogs are permitted per suite.$75 fee per stay applies.discover our pets are welcome at sonesta (paws) policy. amenities at our union square hotelat the clift royal sonesta san francisco, we are proud to offer a wide array of amenities and features, all designed to make your stay as relaxing and memorable as possible. our range of helpful services includes tour desk concierge, dry-cleaning, turn-down service, daily newspaper, babysitting, language translation assistance, and more.we await your call: 415.775.4700 the clift in-room amenitiesthe guest rooms at the clift royal sonesta san francisco are sleek and modern, reflecting the hotel's historic spirit of design, and include the following in-room amenities:  walk-in rainfall shower oversized back-lit wall mirror  hair dryer mini-bar mini-fridge ($40 per stay, plus 14% occupancy tax)rollaway bed ($40 per night, plus 14% occupancy tax)microwave ($30 per stay, plus 14% occupancy tax)keurig coffee maker laptop-size safe iron + ironing board flat-screen television with staycast sonifi streaming, google chromecast, and premium movie channels complimentary wi-fi please note amenities may vary by room. more details can be found during room selection. the clift fitness center guests have access to the clift's 24-hour fitness center featuring a peloton bike located on the second floor, with a selection of free weight, resistance machine, elliptical and treadmill by lifefitness.fitness center features24-hour accessibilityweight machinethree elliptical trainersstair climberfour treadmillstwo life fitness stationary bicycles one peloton free weightsyoga matsa variety of balance ballskettlebellsa plyometric jump boxfiltered water dispensersanitizing wipesgym towels parking at our union square hotelself-parking is available at the recommended nearby parking garages below.mason o'farrell garage (2-minute walk to hotel)325 mason stsan francisco, ca 94102415 taylor st garage (1-minute walk to the hotel)415 taylor stsan francisco, ca 94102the clift peloton experiencepeloton bikethe peloton bike is here. hit your fitness goals while on the go.indoor cycling comes to the clift royal sonesta san francisco with the peloton bike. keep your workouts fresh with different themes, difficulty levels and music genres. with classes that range from 5 to 90 minutes, find a ride for every mood.get ready for your ridewe’re so excited for you to experience the peloton bike at the clift royal sonesta san francisco.how to adjust your bike sign up for a free profile how to pair your headphones find your first class experience peloton on the godine at our union square hotel the most creative and exciting menus in san francisco are at the clift royal sonesta hotel san francisco.  california’s culinary traditions and farm-fresh ingredients combine to create a truly unique dining experience. discover local flavors in exceptional dishes at any of our dining experiences. or, ask our staff for recommendations on the best restaurants near the clift.  redwood roomthe intimate, art deco-inspired redwood room is a san francisco institution, newly infused with 21st-century elegance. its glamour and subdued atmosphere are unsurpassed in the city, made more unique by the paneling that is said to have been carved from a single redwood tree. savor gourmet small plates and liquid art cocktails in this soothing clift bar that redefines “classic.”voted by usa today ten best as the #1 for best nightlife in san francisco.discover the redwood roomfredericksreverting back to its original location in the hotel, fredericks is a modern eatery and café complete with creative food and drink.high-end coffee programgourmet pastries and snacksbrasserie fare and elevated comfort foodand more!view fredericks menuredwood room at the clift royal sonesta san franciscothe clift’s famous and historic redwood room has been restored and reinvented as an exceptionally modern san francisco bar.suffused with glamour and art deco style, the interior features the original redwood paneling which, legend has, was carved from a single redwood tree, as well as an enormous bar made from an 800-year-old redwood tree.the original artwork on the walls by austrian painter gustav klimt was restored and re-hung.discover the redwood roomhours tuesday-saturday5:00 pm – 12:00 am closed sunday & mondaya new culinary experience at the clift royal sonesta san franciscoas a nod to the original clift hotel, this café and eatery has been placed back to its original location in the hotel. fredericks offers standout coffee options, gourmet pastries, along with sweet and savory options for a delicious breakfast.  fredericks is a warm and welcoming eatery that draws inspiration from san francisco’s historic past and its open-hearted culture through the lively nature of the city and the unifying power of good food.beginning each day with curated yet swift service, fredericks powers the day through its high-end coffee shop featuring gourmet to-go pastries, a la carte benedicts and omelets, and a high-end coffee program.hoursmonday - friday  6:30 am - 11:00 amsaturday and sunday 6:30 am - 12:00 pmthe living room at the cliftlocated to the left of the lobby is the new living room, boasting several seating options for working, having a drink, or just relaxing and people-watching. the living room dinner service hourssunday – saturday, 5pm – 10pmsan francisco dining recommendations  we have curated a list of our favorite spots that are close by to satisfy all your cravings. stop by the front desk for a list and recommendations. bon appétit! attractions near the clift royal sonesta san franciscowhen you stay at the clift royal sonesta san francisco, san francisco's top attractions are within easy reach. explore the bustling energy of union square, admire the iconic golden gate bridge, bask in the history of fisherman's wharf, and discover the city's art venues, museums, and upscale restaurants.hotel near union square, san franciscounion square beats the drum of san francisco with its electric energy. from shopping hotspots to theatrical shows and art exhibitions to lively nightlife, union square showcases san francisco at its finest. with the city's top attractions at your fingertips, it's an ideal destination for a day filled with memories. and let's not forget the iconic cable cars connecting union square to fisherman's wharf—adding an extra dose of excitement to your adventure. the clift is only a quick stroll away from union square.  hotel near oracle parka true gem among stadiums, oracle park is renowned for being the home of the san francisco giants. from its picturesque waterfront views to its diverse dining options, this stadium has something for everyone. oracle park tours are open to fans of all ages, providing an exclusive opportunity to see the stadium from a new perspective, including a behind-the-scenes visit to areas like the field, giants' dugout, a luxury suite, and the press box. our downtown san francisco hotel is 1.7 miles from oracle park.  hotel near fisherman’s wharf, san franciscoimmerse yourself in the rich history of fisherman's wharf, a proud emblem of san francisco's past and present. with attractions like pier 39, gourmet waterfront dining, ghirardelli square, the san francisco maritime museum, musée mécanique, the cannery shopping center, ripley's believe it or not, and more, fisherman's wharf is a must-visit destination. and while you're there, catch a glimpse of a stunning colony of sea lions basking in the sun on the floating docks at pier 39. the clift is located just two miles from fisherman's wharf. hotel near alcatraz in san franciscorelive history with an alcatraz island tour. explore the storied island that has served as a civil war fort, a military prison, and one of america's most infamous federal penitentiaries. no matter the time of year, alcatraz island has something for everyone with its extensive range of tour options, including day tours, nighttime tours, and behind-the-scenes experiences. depart on your alcatraz tour from pier 27, just a 2-mile distance from our san francisco hotel. hotel near golden gate bridgediscover the stunning beauty and engineering marvel of the golden gate bridge! widely recognized as one of the world's most picturesque, it is a true sensory experience with its towering towers, sweeping cables, and wide span. with a range of activities to choose from like hiking, walking, biking, shopping, and taking a guided tour, there is something for everyone. stay at the clift and be just 6.7 miles away from the stunning golden gate bridge. hotel near chase center san franciscoroot for the seven-time nba champion golden state warriors or enjoy world-class live performances. the chase center, with its 11 acres of public space, is a thriving hub of excitement in the entertainment scene of san francisco. from a night out with friends to an intimate private gathering, the chase center offers limitless options for all. stay just 2.1 miles from chase park at our downtown san francisco location. hotel near the moscone center san francisco discover the moscone center, a hub for innovation and progress. from crucial conventions to game-changing product announcements, this premier event space has welcomed top businesses and organizations from across the globe to celebrate their achievements and pave the way for the future. with unparalleled facilities, the moscone center sets the stage for unforgettable events. the clift is only 1.3 miles from the moscone center. hotel near san francisco theaterslocated near renowned san francisco theaters, the clift royal sonesta hotel offers easy access to the city's vibrant cultural scene.curran theatresan francisco's curran theatre, established in 1922, stands as a premier live venue. known for hosting groundbreaking pre-broadway productions and record-setting runs, it remains a cultural cornerstone. the clift royal sonesta hotel is right next to the curran theatre.american conservatory theaterrenowned for its excellence in classical and modern works, the american conservatory theater nurtures talent and offers a diverse repertoire, earning accolades for both its acting prowess and educational initiatives. the clift royal sonesta hotel is steps away from the american conservatory theater.golden gate theatregolden gate theatre, an iconic sf venue with a rich history, attracts audiences with its grandeur, presenting broadway tours and varied performances. the clift royal sonesta hotel is less than a mile from the golden gate theatre.san francisco playhouselocated in the heart of the city, san francisco playhouse captivates audiences with its intimate setting, presenting thought-provoking theater productions that highlight local talent and contemporary narratives. the clift royal sonesta hotel is less than a mile from san francisco playhouse.orpheum theatresteeped in history, the orpheum theatre is a grand stage for broadway hits and musicals, renowned for its ornate design and a legacy of memorable performances in the heart of san francisco. the clift royal sonesta hotel is 1 mile from the orpheum theatre. the gateway theatrea multi-stage venue in san francisco, the gateway theatre hosts plays, musicals, and events, contributing significantly to the city's rich cultural landscape. the clift royal sonesta hotel is 1 mile from the gateway theatre.magic theatrecelebrated for premiering new and original works, the magic theatre supports emerging playwrights by emphasizing experimental productions in a creative environment. the clift royal sonesta hotel is 3 miles from the magic theatre. the marshthe marsh, an innovative venue for solo performances and original works, embraces diverse storytelling in an intimate setting, nurturing creativity and unique experiences. the clift royal sonesta hotel is 3 miles from the marsh.theatre rhinocerostheatre rhinoceros, a pioneering lgbtq+ theater company, showcases inclusive stories and advocates social change while providing a platform for underrepresented voices. the clift royal sonesta hotel is 3 miles from theatre rhinoceros. the palace of fine arts theatrethe palace of fine arts theatre stands as an iconic venue, boasting stunning greco-roman architecture and hosting a wide array of performances, concerts, and cultural events. the clift royal sonesta hotel is 3 miles from the palace of fine arts theatre.host meetings & events at our union square hotel start an rfp explore venue instant book venueunlike any event and meeting space that you’ve seen before, the distinguished meeting spaces at the clift offer never-before-seen settings for your next meeting, event, conference, social, or family event. our talented team can help you plan your next social event, whether you're looking for the event of the year or a quiet evening to celebrate life's special moments. from baby showers, reunions, and retirement celebrations to bar/bat mitzvahs, quinceaneras, and birthday parties, we are ready to celebrate your special occasion with you!the 11 venues comprise 12,524 square feet of space including the deluxe spanish suite and private apartment, all perfect for hosting:baby showersreunionsmilestone anniversariesbar/bat mitzvahssweet 16quinceanerasretirement celebrationscelebrations of lifethe clift is a place that reveals that past and embraces the future—never more so than in the newly renovated meeting and event space. and our guest rooms, suites, and private apartment offer the perfect accommodations to complement your stay.hotel highlights12,524 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space11 meeting and breakout roomsnatural light and city viewscollaborative spacestechnologically advanced boardroomcontact a meeting specialistthe clift is the perfect venue for conferences, training sessions, meetings, and events of all sizes. contact the sales and catering department for new group events or meeting inquiries.start an rfp explore venue instant book venueplan a dream wedding in san francisco an inspired fusion of modern elegance with distinctly contemporary energy, spirit emanates from each wedding venue.plan an intimate candle-lit ceremony or a family-style dinner for a truly enchanted experience.the clift royal sonesta san francisco weddings offer so much more than classic elegance. our hotel stands out as a perfect spot for a lush wedding in union square, san francisco.  explore venuecontact usready to plan your big day or wedding celebration?request a proposal:start an rfp*photo credit: vivian chen photographyplan your group travel with ustraveling together with a group? the clift royal sonesta sales professionals are ready to help you coordinate all of the specifics to keep your team together. contact us today to coordinate your sports team, social event, or corporate team travels.for assistance with planning your group travel, please contact us at cliftsales@sonesta.comfaqs about the clift hotel 1. why stay at a hotel near union square?staying at our union square hotel brings you close to san francisco’s renowned cultural landmarks, excellent shopping and dining experiences, and exciting nightlife scene. whether it is your first time in san francisco or one of many, union square is an excellent gateway into your san francisco adventure.2. is this hotel good for business travelers?most definitely. our strategic location in the heart of san francisco’s busy union square district makes commuting a breeze. at the same time, our generous services and amenities will elevate your business trip from an assignment to a unique experience.3. is this hotel family friendly?absolutely, our generously sized and tastefully appointed rooms, proximity to nearby family-friendly attractions, and exciting culinary experiences are all ingredients for a perfect family getaway!4. is this hotel good for lgbtq+ travelers?designed to delight every kind of traveler, the clift is an excellent choice for lgbtq+ visitors.5. is the clift good for a romantic getaway?from our glamorous restaurants to sophisticated rooms and gorgeous venues, the clift is an excellent choice for romantic getaways.   the royal sonesta united states california san francisco the clift royal sonesta san franciscoconnect with sonestastayspecial offerslocationsmeetings & eventsegypt hotels & cruisesextended stay hotelspet-friendly hotelssupportmy staysmy accountneed help?travel sospaws at sonestashop sonestacompanyabout ussonesta travel passpartnershipsfranchisingcareersnewsroomcorporate responsibilitywebsiteprivacy policymanage cookiesterms of usedo not sell or share my datasitemapsonesta international hotelssonesta travel pass the royal sonestathe james hotelsclassico sonesta collectionsonesta hotels resortsmod sonesta collectionsonesta selectred lion hotelssonesta es suitessonesta simply suitessonesta essentialamericas best value inncanadas best value innsignature innthe royal sonestathe james hotelsclassico sonesta collectionsonesta hotels resortssonesta selectmod sonesta collectionred lion hotelssonesta es suitessonesta simply suitessonesta essentialamericas best value inncanadas best value innsignature inn© 2025 sonesta international hotels corporation. all rights reserved.

