






 


restaurant pos solution | focus pos























































































 



































skip to content



facebook page opens in new windowtwitter page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new window


focus pos
focus pos

home softwarerestaurant pos online ordering cloud reporting and management order and pay at table mobilepay  solutionscustomer loyalty gift cards remote management kitchen display system mobile pos app reporting dashboard  industriesquick service pos fast casual pos pickup and delivery pos bar pos coffee shop pos table service pos frozen yogurt pos pizza pos view all industries  aboutcompany partners news  contactcontact support contact us become a dealer find a local expert  resourcesvideos brochures & ebooks featured blogs  blog 
request demo




 
home softwarerestaurant pos online ordering cloud reporting and management order and pay at table mobilepay  solutionscustomer loyalty gift cards remote management kitchen display system mobile pos app reporting dashboard  industriesquick service pos fast casual pos pickup and delivery pos bar pos coffee shop pos table service pos frozen yogurt pos pizza pos view all industries  aboutcompany partners news  contactcontact support contact us become a dealer find a local expert  resourcesvideos brochures & ebooks featured blogs  blog 


 







focus pos 
							request a demo 
							 














focus pos
every restaurant has different needs but all have the same goal: provide excellent service and be more productive and profitable while doing so. your restaurant needs a pos solution that can work for you to match your service style, staffing abilities, and management needs. don’t settle for an average solution when you could build your own cloud-based pos tech stack that suits all your most critical needs and more!
focus pos offers a by-need approach so you can build out exactly what you deem fit for your business. in need of a tabletop tablet and kds solution to speed up your order processing? how about incorporating delivery without the headache of hiring more staff? learn more by reviewing our software and solutions offerings, requesting a free demo, and discover how you can aim above customer expectations, drive loyalty, and grow your business.




learn more











not sure what you need in a pos solution?
download our free ebook today to determine what you need out of your restaurant’s pos system and how you can build exactly that! includes a tech stack worksheet for your convenience.




download ebook











local experts are here for you
when working with a software provider you want to make sure they not only know your business but your area as well. working with a local dealer can help improve your business with hands-on assistance, local knowledge, and a partnership that can last a lifetime. click the button below to be connected with a local dealer in your area!




learn more











calculate your restaurant’s roi on your pos system




learn more!





industries we serve





bar & nightclub   


coffee   


delivery   


fast casual & qsr   


food truck   


franchise   


ice cream & frozen yogurt   


table service   


and more!





our latest resources





























increase restaurant revenue




learn more!













 
for more than 20 years, focus pos systems has provided restaurant management software to hospitality establishments.
request a demo

become a dealercontact us for information about how you can become an authorized dealer of our products. we look forward to having you on the focus team! 
contact us to learn morelocate a dealerlooking for a dealer near you? e-mail us your location and we will point you in the right direction. 
contact us to learn more
popular links tablet pos mobile pos ipad pos focus as a subscription 








					© 2023 focus pos
                

home about us myfocus industries solutions ccpa cookie policy privacy policy footer menu







go to top


this site uses cookies to provide an improved digital experience. by continuing to use this site without changing your settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. privacy informationacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
at focus pos, we value and respect your privacy. our website uses cookies to collect information to help enhance your experience and our products and services. please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy policy and cookie policy and then message us with any questions or concerns.

 





								privacy policy							


privacy policy

always enabled




									please note that this privacy policy does not apply to information collected through third party websites or services that you may access through the services. read our privacy policy.								






								cookie policy							


cookie policy





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. read our cookie policy.								






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 


























































