





callsense is a registered trademark of online planet, san francisco, ca 94107








 




select a product
     callsense rate plan comparison
 callsense call analyzer
 callsense call alerts








 








    

                          


    
          
                       
              
    
              
                       
    
        


























































































callsense® call 
		analyzer software.  get feedback on each call's energy levels.
supports: iphone and android.



		callsense® call alerts software. 

get customized alerts based on call events.
supports: iphone and android.





online planet store
panasonic small 
		business telecommunication products:  handsets, landline, 
		wireless, fax, copiers...




		bt cloud voice
cloud-based voip phone solution for small 
		businesses in the uk.
we recommend this solution for your small 
		business requirements.

















callsense® 
		rate plan comparison software
is the easy, accurate, and complete way to compare, select, and use 
	the best, least-expensive, long distance calling plan for you.  

supports: microsoft 
	windows

       

celebrating 24 years of helping consumers save 
		money

      for 24 years, callsense® 
		software has set the software industry standard for cost comparison 
		software. 

legal notices:callsense is a registered trademark of online planet, 
	san francisco, california.  all rights reserved.  use in 
	commerce other than as "fair use" is prohibited by law except by express 
	license from online planet.
















      easy
 everyone can use callsense rate plan comparison software. you just enter your calls, select which calling plans you want to
      compare, and the rate plan comparison software does the rest for you.

	callsense software makes it point-and-click easy to
      make sense of the complex long distance calling plan pricing games.

accurate: true
      costs
      callsense software sets the standard.  
		for the first time ever, you can now easily and accurately compare residential
      long distance calling plans including all costs that vary by
      long distance phone company and calling plan.
complete
      callsense 
software enables you to accurately compare the most popular 
		calling
      plans; accurately compare the most popular dial around numbers for
      each call; and even accurately see how much you are saving, or could be
      saving, while you are still on the phone.



save money on long distance
      callsense includes a
      true costs billboard.
      this interactive billboard enables every american
      to see how much they could be saving, or are saving, with at&t vs. 
	verizon (mci) vs.
      sprint vs. 10-10 dial around numbers based on how they actually use their
      phone.

      true costs billboard was inspired by the mci roadside billboard that said 
	how much america was saving with mci vs. at&t.  now you have your own 
	personal long distance comparison billboard.  now you can really see 
	how at&t compares to verizon compares to sprint
      compares to the dial around numbers based how you actually use your phone.
 
















      product updates | tell us | 
		 register
      product

      company |  products |
      technical support |
      
      customer service
online planet store |
       site map  | link
      to us
copyright ©  1996-2024 online
      planet.  all rights reserved.  
legal notices

















