







cabaret shows & hen parties in the uk - lady boys of bangkok













































 










skip to content



toggle navigationshowthe showabout the showstars of the showthe sabai pavilionbookingtour datesparty packagessign up for 2025 tourextrasgalleryblogsocial mediainformationfaqscontactbook now

tickets
tickets
 





homechloe2024-12-23t12:01:02+00:00 
 
 loading...







get ready for our 2025 tour! 



tickets on sale now! 


book now


















hen parties & group packages 


party packages


















a must see production 


about us

















 loading...







glow up 2025 



comedy cabaret party! 


book now











hen parties & group packages 


party packages











a must see production 


about us









join us at the showbook nowfind out moreabout the showstars of the showshow girlsintroducing the mesmerizing showgirls straight from the enchanting land of thailand! these dazzling performers are the epitome of glamour and grace, ready to transform any event into a night to remember.
with their captivating dance moves, radiant smiles, and undeniable charm, our thai showgirls will leave you spellbound. prepare to be swept off your feet as they dazzle and delight, bringing an unforgettable touch of exotic beauty and elegance to the stage!
meet our show girls
memories to last a lifetimegalleryview galleryhot newsour premiere at the adelaide fringe 2025don’t miss the australian premiere of this ★★★★★ show.
prepare for a night you’ll talk about for years with the lady boys of bangkok as they flirt, tease and tempt! you will laugh, rejoice and sing your heart out at a party with hundreds of friends you’ve yet to meet! deliciously naughty… risqué but never risky… no-one leaves without a smile on their face and a song in their heart.
with a glamorous cast direct from thailand, packed with the biggest floor fillers and performed by the biggest showbiz divas in the world! in an outrageously funny production, with more glitz and star-spangled sassiness than you can squeeze into any of your party nights out!
grab your friends! warm up your vocal chords! get your dancing shoes on! it’s time to celebrate! comedy, cabaret, party!

packed with the biggest floor fillers and performed by the biggest showbiz divas in the world! in an outrageously funny production, with more glitz and star-spangled sassiness than you can squeeze into any of your party nights out!

learn morerecent postsnews & behind-the-scenesview blogeventsexperience the magic: ladyboys of bangkok 2025 tickets now availableexperience the magic: ladyboys of bangkok 2025 tickets now available get ready for an unforgettable experience in 2025 as the [...]january 11, 2025
read more
call us12 noon  – 8pm mon to sun
contact us
faqsyou’ve got questions? we’ve got the answers
view faqs
socialsfollow the party
view socials
party packagesadd to your unforgettably sensational evening!
learn more

must-see productiontour datesour uk tour dates are officially here, and we couldn’t be more thrilled to bring our show to a city near you! the excitement is building as we prepare to light up stages across the country. find out where we’ll be performing and discover the closest stop on our tour. this is your chance to be part of an unforgettable experience—don’t miss out!
tour dates & locations
glamorous and intimate venue
the sabai pavilion
the eye-catching sabai pavilion provides a spacious yet intimate cabaret venue like no other. to enter the foyer is to step through the looking glass. you find yourself instantly transported to the exotic surroundings of bangkok – greeted by the enticing aromas of freshly prepared thai cuisine and an atmosphere charged with excitement and wonder. 
through these sensory delights the cabaret atmosphere permeates the pavilion, meaning you’ll be in the lady boys spirit before you even take your seat!

view our venue
working withwe also work with 50 reginal theatres and concert halls




 
 
book ticketspress & media enquiriesgandey pr: marketing@arts-exchange.com
photography creditsmike brittain, dean martin, hugo michaels, andrew payne, phil jameson, bina fellowes
contact usinfo@ladyboysofbangkok.co.uk
the arts exchange
congleton cw12 1la
registered in england & wales
no. 6406916
quick linkstour dates & ticketsthe showparty packagesfaqscontact usother productionsvisit gandey.com to view other productions
ladyboys of bangkok | privacy policy | t & cs | website designed and produced by avalanche creative ltd


 
 
page load link

the showabout the showstars of the showthe sabai pavilionbookingtour datesparty packagesextrasgalleryblogsocial mediainformationfaqscontact usbook now
sign up to our newslettersign up to our newsletterfor exclusive discounts and backstage gossip
thank you for signing up. your submission has been sent.×there was an error trying to sign you up. please try again later.×you agree to allow the lady boys of bangkok to contact you at the provided email address for marketing and promotional purposes laid out in our privacy policy, we will not share or sell your data to any third parties.

read more

you agree to allow the lady boys of bangkok to contact you at the provided email address for marketing and promotional purposes laid out in our privacy policy, we will not share or sell your data to any third parties.

you must agree to our privacy policyyou have read and agree to our terms and conditionssign up














go to top




