


research systems






research systems

home • codefinder bible code software • digital logic simulator • music from the torah
 

about us
research systems is a small company engaged mainly in telecommunications software, embedded systems 
and real time software development.  our principal engineer has
in excess of 30 years experience
in the it industry, of which the 
more than 20 have been in software development for
both internet and communication oriented products.  accordingly we have been involved
in many world class projects and we are able to bring these skills to our own range of
products.
we have the philosophy that once a customer has paid for a product, then they never
have to pay for an upgrade.  that means that, after you have made a purchase from us,
you are entitled to download, for free, the latest versions as they become available.
registrations
click here to register rs ftp.


products

codefinder: bible codes program
       
the worlds fastest and most powerful bible code software.
 

click here to see a short audiovisual 
	presentation on bible code searching.


music from the torah
 
our unique software for converting the text of the hebrew bible into
    music.


easysim digital logic simulator
 
our popular windows based digital electronic simulator for education.

click here to see a short audiovisual 
	presentation on using easysim.




hebrew date conversion utility for the iphone
a handy utility for converting gregorian to hebrew 
	dates.
 
torah code code software for the iphone
a special hebrew version of codefinder, just for the 
	iphone and ipod touch.


english 
	old testament bible code software for the iphone
a custom english version of codefinder, just for the iphone and ipod touch.
	


english new testament bible code software for the iphone
a custom english version of codefinder, just for the iphone and ipod touch.
	


 


contact information

fax/tel 
+61 398 444 777 
 
postal address 
research systems pty. ltd.
p.o. box 42, 
warrandyte lpo, 
victoria 3113, 
australia.
 
electronic mail 
all enquiries: 
research@research-systems.com


  




send mail to

research@research-systems.com with 
questions or comments about this web site.
last modified:
december 06, 2015
related sites by research 
systems:
bible codes
bible code software
digital goods sales



