








point reyes lodging | motel inveness | point reyes national seashore vacation
















































 








skip to content








soulful lodging on tomales bay * 415.236.1967   

book nowcontactmap 














 roomspoliciesspecialsreservationsgroupsactivitiesgallerygift cardsfaqsroomspoliciesspecialsreservationsgroupsactivitiesgallerygift cardsfaqs 










 





 


 


 


 


 





 




welcomechristine gustafson2025-01-15t21:25:50-08:00

welcome to motel inverness
motel inverness, located in the point reyes national seashore, overlooks tomales bay and is surrounded by wildlife preserves on all sides. our guests can experience the tranquility and peacefulness of nature.
as our guests point out, we offer “soulful lodging on tomales bay!”

although we date back to the time when automobile travel was new and the wonders of our country were your road to adventure, we have updated to meet the needs of today’s travelers as they hit the road.
the spacious main lodge provides the perfect place to enjoy the views, bird watch, read, relax, or have a complimentary coffee and biscotti. anchored by a yosemite stone fireplace and championship pool table our guests are always delighted and surprised when they first walk in and see the view!
many of our guests say their stay here was the highlight of their trip. we know you will enjoy and appreciate the serenity and calm the natural surroundings provide. the hardest part is leaving … but we know you will be back.
mara & todd, innkeepers
pictured here: mara and todd migrated from the midwest after their fledglings left the nest. they are grateful for the opportunity to create a peaceful respite for guests here on the shores of tomales bay.
rooms with a view
each of our seven rooms are unique and have features and personalities all their own. four rooms have a deck and bay view! rooms range from small, cozy, and comfortable to a spacious two bedroom suite. all rooms have wi-fi and a flat screen tv with cable and hbo. you are sure to find one that suits your needs. (we have one pet-friendly room.)
select a roomfor your enjoyment
play a game of pool.
relax on the deck with a favorite book.
meet a new friend in the great room.
warm a cup of soup in our microwave.
go bird watching from the expansive deck.
enjoy the sunset over tomales bay.
play a game by the stone fireplace.
ask your hosts for hiking or biking tips.
get caught up with your email while enjoying spectacular views.
take a nap.
snap a set of photos to send to your friends.
please note: motel inverness is best suited for adults and very well behaved children over the age of 12.
birding
all those different birders from around the world seem to want the same thing. the best damn spot for enjoying great egrets and herons year-round. hummingbirds in the gardens, kingfishers and owls out back. we’ve got it all here in the point reyes national seashore!
more things to dowhat our guests say
this month i stayed at this place for the third time. it is clean, comfortable, and very friendly. the large fireplace and the leather couches in the common room are inviting. i love having my morning coffee on the deck with a great view of the bay.
~ jette thomassen, google review
guest reviews



 
 





 motel inverness: 12718 sir francis drake blvd. – inverness, ca 94937
415.236.1967  ||  info@motelinverness.com  ||  motelinverness.com

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025 | website design & photography: innlight marketing 



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link
































































































 


go to top






