



smart games | many faces of go | igowin










strategy games should be fun!


home |
        many faces of go |
        igowin |
        arimaa |
        support-faq |
        contact






smart games llc

        free update to version 12.024 fixes windows registration code issues.
    


smart games llc is a computer game software development and publishing 
company wholly owned by david
fotland.
our expertise is in turn based strategy games with strong engines and
easy-to-use interfaces.  our focus is on the game of go, because it is
by far the most difficult strategy game for computers.



products:


the many faces
of go 12.0  this free download
	with a purchased registration key
	has calibrated levels from 1 dan
    kyu to 18 kyu to track your strength.  it combines the new monte carlo tree search algorithm with the tradional knowledge-intensive techniques
    for a go player that is stronger than either.  besides the strong engine, it has joseki and fuseki tutors, commented professional games, and go problems.  compatible with windows xp, 2000, nt, vista, 
    windows 7, windows 8, windows 10. for apple mac users, it is compatible with wine, crossover, and parallels.
    
    2011 tcga world champion, 2010 icga word champion 13x13, 2008 ing cup champion 19x19 and 9x9, 
    2002 21st cntury cup winner, 1998 ing cup world champion 
        (competition results).  
    


arimaa was the games magazine 2010 best strategy game. visit http://arimaa.com/arimaa to learn the rules and try it out. our arimaa program won the
    arimaa computer world championship 5 times, and gives you an adjustable opponent to help you learn and improve your game. 
    


    ipod, iphone, and ipad go-playing and training apps were sold under the igowin name from 2010 to 2020.  apple made incompatible changes 
    to their software and removed them from the app store. they are no longer available.
    

free downloads:


a free evaluation copy of many faces of go version 12.  download it here..  after evaluation, you can buy a version 12 license to get
registration keys to unlock the full version on all of your computers.


a free 9x9 go player and tutorial for windows-xp through windows 10.  this program adjusts
to your strength as you learn, and never repeats a game.
download it here.
a free 9x9 go player with tutorial for ipod/iphone/ipad.  search for igowin in the apple app store.


a free supercomputer implementation of many faces of go, for use on microsoft windows server 2008 clusters using mpi.
download it here.


the world champion arimaa program.  arimaa is a fun new two player strategy game.
download it here.

a program that creates mazes for you to solve or print.
download it here.

a program to help you solve sudoku puzzles.
download it here.


    support:

if you find a bug or anything you don't like about version 12, please e-mail fotland@smart-games.com.
    
use menu internet|check for upgrades to see if there is an improved version available.  upgrades are free.

answers to frequent support questions.  read it here.

    ask questions or get information on facebook at www.facebook.com/smartgames.
    


ai engine licensing and contract gamedevelopment:




we have licensed go and chess playing engines.
    

other ai engines we have developed include bridge, othello, 
checkers, arimaa, domineering, world war chess, and a real time, multiplayer space battle game with intelligent
aliens.

we do contract software development for artifical intelligence game
engines.
since we already have working code for many games, developing new
engines
can be fast and inexpensive.




home |
top |
privacy policy |
contact us












