







mybirthchart




















































              home & horoscopes
            



              sideral astrology faqs
            















              home & horoscopes
            



              sideral astrology faqs
            





















 

search by the stars

  

week ahead feb14-21, 2025check dates carefully. they are based on 2024-25 sun sign changes.pisces- march 14-april 13: llc 15,16,17  eat right and get enough rest. silver linings can be found in the darkest cloud.fresh opportunities may tempt. sample if it doesn’t take you away from your core plans or your plate is already full.aries - april 13- may 14: make it a point to do all things as completely and correctly as possible. it will save time later. llc 7,8,9 eat right and get enough rest. communicate what’s been on your mind. disagree without being disagreeable.taurus - may 14-june 12: finish what you can. don’t cut corners when dealing with authority figures. you’ll have to redo it if you do. llc 20,21,22 eat right and get some rest. work your current goals. don’t be distracted by the shiny new thing.gemini - june 12-july 16:don’t give into pressure. make changes from the inside out. work your goals daily. look before you leap.stay focused on the task at hand while you do you. re-do what needs to be redone. practice makes perfect.cancer- july 16 -aug 16: think about it before you respond or commit. make small adjustments for big results. get ready for a second or possibly third chance. prove to yourself first that you can succeed.llc 24,25,26 eat right. leo- aug 16- sep 16: slow down one of the tracks you are on before you go off the rails. better to get to where you want to go safely, securely a little later. consider alternative methods. speak their language or find a way to connect first.virgo - sep 16-oct 16:  hc 15,16,27 have a bit of fun. make adjustments according to what you have learned. treat opportunities responsibly. it’s okay to turn them down if you don’t have time, interest , etc. desires should inspire, not trap us.libra - oct 17- nov 15:  ask the decision makers. when they do, get details and a firm commitment. hc 17,18,19 use energy and inner strength well. prepare for the worst while expecting the best. fortune favors the prepared.scorpio- nov 15 - dec 15: emotions may be more honest than thoughts or words. observe the obvious in yourself and others. hc 20,21,22  have very good reasons if you want to break rules. and accept there may be consequences any way.sagittarius- dec 16- jan 14: do your best. dress for success! people want you to do well. give them something to admire. observe actions and reactions. act accordingly. be spontaneous as the winds change. hc 22,23,24 do a bit more.capricorn - jan 14-feb 13: difficult people show their hand this week. play to win. as circumstances change, be ready to adapt. get a new perspective. be appreciative of what you have. get ready to present your ideas, plans or abilities. aquarius- feb 13- march 14: follow those rules. get permission for exceptions. stay on top of all communications. prepare and have answers ready. mental gymnastics can be fun. new ideas are a game changer for now or your future.



what’s this? these horoscopes are written for the sidereal sun signs using the stars and not the seasons for calculation. it’s helpful to read your sidereal rising sign if you know it.hc and llc are abbreviations for high cycle and lay low cycle. these days don’t guarantee things will go well or worse, but are more of an indication of your personal  physical and emotional operational levels. back in the day, we used to call these biorhythms.mars retrogrademost men are getting in touch with the yin side of things until feb 24. be gentle with them, as this will scare the heck out of less confident and less self-assured guys. karma will catch up quickly with bullies who start fights. it’s the song of “give & take” the universe is playing now.mars in gemini           jan 21- april 3if you regularly read this, you may notice mars transiting gemini is lasting a little longer than the usually 6-7 weeks. it’s becasue mars is slowing and retrograde,  the energy shift in some area of your life will be much stronger and prolonged. where gemini is in your chart there will be new beginnings and hopefully a separation from what you don’t need anymore. or it may be ripped away in a most unpleasant way. if your sun, moon or ascendant are in gemini stay focused around machines and sharp objects! sun or mars in gemini folks are revamping a new energy cycle started last year late summer to early autumn. choose the direction or it’s chosen for you.




    learn more
  
























back to top


powered by squarespace








