






ucla american indian studies center



	<!--
<div id="site-wrapper">
    






















click on the bold links below to hear the audio files for the pronunciation for the tongva-language words.

ais and aisc at ucla acknowledge the tongva peoples as the traditional land caretakers of tovaangar (los angeles basin, so. channel islands) and are grateful to have the opportunity to work for the taraaxatom (indigenous peoples) in this place. as a land grant institution, we pay our respects to honuukvetam (ancestors), 'ahiihirom (elders), and 'eyoohiinkem (our relatives/relations) past, present and emerging.


have questions about creating your own land acknowledgment? check out the guidelines or visit the special advisor to the chancellor on native american and indigenous affairs website for other resources.

the ucla american indian studies center plans to implement a hybrid work schedule starting september 20, 2021. currently all staff at aisc is still working remotely and accessible through email. schedules and hours will be posted when the time comes closer. we appreciate your understanding.
for the most up to date information about covid-19 and its impact on ucla, please visit http://ucla.in/coronavirus.                    
prospective or current students who have questions about the american indian studies interdepartmental program, please contact sao@amindian.ucla.edu.
native american centers in la/orange country services during covid-19
view a list of resources for the los angeles county


welcome to the ucla american indian studies center















	<!--
                        <p>the ucla american indian studies center (aisc) was founded in 1969 as a  research institute dedicated to addressing american indian issues and  supporting native communities. the aisc serves as a hub of activities for indigenous  students, staff, faculty, alumni, and community, as well as serving as a bridge between the academy and indigenous peoples  locally, nationally, and internationally. we foster innovative academic  research by students and faculty, publish leading scholarship in the field of  american indian studies, and support events and programming focused on  indigenous issues.
the center also works in collaboration with some of the  country's most influential and respected scholars writing and teaching in  american indian studies today, who have made ucla one of the highest ranked and  most respected universities in the field. we invite you to explore our website to learn more about us.
 shannon speed
            director, american indian studies center
            professor, department of gender studies and anthropology




learn how you can support the center →


funding/sponsorship request form →






give now




upcoming events

[11/03] book talk with dr. cliff trafzer, 4 pm, virtual event



news

native bruin highlight: elizbeth fasthorse
congratulations to peter nabokov!!
congratulations to joy holland on promotion to full librarian!!
los angeles unified school district board of education votes to dedicate $10 million to native and indigenous student education
ucla aisc june 2021 enewsletter

re-appointment of american indian studies center director shannon speed
safeguard tribal objects of patrimony (stop) act
[prime from the daily bruin] on tovaangar
"missed opportunities to understand racism in the covid-19 era" by randy akee and kj ward
dr. christine samuel-nakamura wins best poster at 2021 win conference
professor nancy marie mithlo receives 2021 chancellor’s arts initiative grant
[ucla newsroom] 8 ucla professors elected to american academy of arts and sciences
honoring the passing of julia bogany
[npr] randy akee interviewed on "relief for native americans will go beyond expanded vaccine distribution"
professor mishuana goeman awarded uc's multicampus research programs and initiatives
la social science book series about incarcerated indigenous women migrants with professor shannon speed
[the guardian] exclusive: indigenous americans dying from covid at twice the rate of white americans 
[ucla newsroom] interactive map will crowdsource hate crime reports



outside events and job opportunities






              american indian studies center
                3220 campbell hall, box 951548
                los angeles, ca 90095-1548
          

phone: (310) 825-7315
					fax: (310) 206-7060
                    email: aisc@ucla.edu


aisconnect →

























contact us • 
       	  site map • 
terms of use











<!--
</body>

