



about ramoji groups  | eenaduinfo.com



































about us


ramoji group
eenadu



print


circulation 
readership 





tv


etv telugu
etv telangana
etv andhra pradesh
etv plus
etv abhiruchi
etv life
etv cinema
etv contact



digital
csr policy

annual return

2022 - 2023


contact us 

















                                about ramoji group
                            









people's
                                    voice - speaking with every sunrise



                                    before eenadu, after eenadu, the two phases in telugu language news publishing.
                                    eenadu was born out of an inherent need of telugus for a newspaper in their own
                                    language - best reflecting their nuances, their concerns, their views. today the
                                    newspaper of the telugu’s is eenadu.
                                    

                                    more households in the states of andhra pradesh & telangana wake up to the eenadu
                                    than any other news daily. the heart and soul of telugu people in india, it enjoys
                                    a circulation of 16,14,105 copies (abc july -dec 2019) per day and is published
                                    simultaneously from 21 printing centers, making it one of the largest circulated
                                    newspapers in the country.

                                    eenadu complex, 
                                    somajiguda, hyderabad - 500 082.
                                    ph: 040-23318181.
                                    fax: 040-23392530 







                                        eenadu website
www.eenadu.net









                                        etv bharat – national news platform with widest network in all major indian languages









                                        etv bharat – is a national news platform with extensive news gathering set-up
                                        with a path-breaking portfolio capturing and delivering news as it breaks.




                                        envisioned to build seamless news services on a nationwide canvas, it will be in
                                        all major languages of india using contemporary digital platforms of video centric 
                                            mobile
                                         apps and web portals. etv bharat promises to anchor the
                                        experience for millions of news seekers. its objective is driven by
                                        well-entrenched network with formidable bureaus, synergies and citizen
                                        journalism. this strong foundation for consistent and organized news gathering
                                        will facilitate comprehensive and updated news, views and infotainment
                                        deliverance to subscribers. 




                                        etv bharat blends the legacy of its strong national presence adding new
                                        dimensions through special engagement with new age users.




                                        etv bharat of ramoji group has a very strong lineage of most trusted eenadu and
                                        etv with over decades of flawless track record of news dissemination and
                                        fearless editorial stance.  



in all major indian languages



                                        in line with the philosophy to serve patrons in the choice language, etv bharat
                                        operates news services in 12 major indian languages i.e
                                    

                                        hindi, urdu, telugu, tamil, kannada, malayalam, gujarati, marathi, bengali,
                                        punjabi, assamese, odiya and english
                                    .


india’s largest news network



                                        etv bharat is going to have 
india
’s largest network of news
                                    
                                        reporters and contributors;
                                    
                                        especially the
                                    
                                        digital
                                        reporters, mobile journalists in every district and extensive network of citizen
                                        journalists.



mobile app and mobile journalism



                                        etv bharat will be a mobile app based digital channel with
                                        live audio streaming feature enabling continuous stream of audio reports,
                                        features and entertainment programs, indicating breaking news, a new story, new
                                        video or a new photo posted on the mobile application and website.
                                    



                                        with
                                        unique features that are highly interactive and user friendly,
                                    

                                        etv bharat
                                        will use
                                    

                                        inventive visual storytelling methods, as the content format and navigation will be exclusively
                                        optimized for the hand-held devices (mobile phone, tablet), smart tv and the
                                        web.



empowered by technology



                                        etv bharat will
                                        leverage “adaptive bitrate streaming” technology to
                                        deliver an interactive tv-like experience, asthis advanced heuristics technology will ensure the
                                        optimum playback quality based as changing bandwidth conditions.



virtual news desk technology



                                        etv bharat will be adopting integrated

                                        virtual news desk (ivnd) which is
                                        one of its kind in the country.  it
                                        will power etv bharat to report news at greater speeds. 



dynamic web portal 



                                    etv bharat will have web portals.  


                                    each language portal will be offering
                                    content with diversity and depth and un-putdown-able round-the-clock updates.
                                











      
                                    quality, wholesome 
                                        entertainment
sunrise to 
sunrise





etv network 





                                        established in 1995, the network has been a pioneer in
                                        regional television space with a host of exclusive satellite language channels
                                        i.e., etv telugu, etv bangla, etv marathi, etv kannada, etv urdu, etv gujarati,
                                        etv oriya, etv madhya pradesh/chhattisgarh, etv rajasthan, etv bihar/jharkhand
                                        and etv up/uttarakhand.
                                    



                                        etv network now has a bouquet of 7 channels operating in
                                        telugu -- etv (general entertainment) etv andhra pradesh and etv telangana (news
                                        & infotainment) and the niche channels like etvblack">
                                    
                                        plus - dedicated to comedy genre, etv life
                                        with rich content on health and well-being, etv abhiruchi – the food and cookery
                                        channel and etv cinema - telugu cinema & entertainment channel. 




                                        etv channels cater to the regional requirements and have
                                        gained tremendous popularity among the telugu language speaking population
                                        across the world. etv andhra pradesh and etv telangana, the exclusive news and
                                        information channels for andhra pradesh and telangana, take a holistic approach
                                        towards news with features that aim to inform and educate. they provide
                                        comprehensive, in-depth news with a regional focus. the channels are known for
                                        responsible and objective reporting, with a comprehensive news-garnering network
                                        across the country with dedicated correspondents.
                                    



                                        the niche channels dispense with
                                        differentiated content, dose of information and entertainment, as etv plus with
                                        the finest of comedic shows enthrall the audience with humour and is an absolute
                                        stress-buster, etv life motives viewers for healthy living. etv abhiruchi keeps
                                        tabs on the trends in food and culinary practices, while etv cinema brings the
                                        best of telugu filmy entertainment and infuses the glorious traditions of telugu
                                        cinema. 








                                        etv network
www.etv.co.in












sunny days
                                    and a spectacular experience
                                        for
                                    tourists





                                        ramoji film city, spread across a sprawling 2000-acres, set up by ramoji group in
                                        1996, located in the outskirts of hyderabad in india, is a dreamy celluloid journey.
                                        certified by the guinness world records as the world’s largest ‘film studio complex’,
                                        at ramoji film city, a filmmaker can walk with a script and walk out with film.
                                        a magical realm filled with excitement and wonderful surprises at every turn. as
                                        the world’s largest integrated film city and india’s only thematic holiday destination
                                        with magic of cinema, there’s something special for you here.

                                        ramoji film city is an unrivalled tourist delight. natural beauty blending, with
                                        man -made grandeur make it an unforgettable holiday experience. exotic landscapes,
                                        alluring gardens, unique set creations transport the tourist into a virtual paradise,
                                        a feast for their eyes. every year, more than 1.5 million tourists visit ‘rfc’,
                                        a wonderland flung open for tourists, and build memories of their life time.

                                        ramoji film city
                                        anajpur village,
                                        
                                        hayathnagar mandal,
                                        
                                        r.r.dist, telangana.
                                        
                                        ph: 08415-246555
                                        925-246555 (hyd local)









                                            www.ramojifilmcity.com
                                        












be our guest, we'll 
                                        warm your hearts
                                    








                                        we, dolphin group of hotel's belonged to the ramoji group serve more than just a
                                        smile with our friendly chain of hotels. dolphin caters across a cross-section of
                                        needs, right from the discerning businessman, the seasoned traveler to the fun -
                                        loving tourist.

                                        the dolphin group of hotels at visakhapatnam, and ramoji film city in hyderabad
                                        provide exceptional hospitality services and unique lodging products to our valued
                                        guests. with the luxury hotel ‘sitara’, and the economy hotel ‘tara’, dolphin offers
                                        tailor-made packages for corporates, honeymooners besides holiday seekers..

                                        dolphin hotels
                                        vizag: 0891-2567000
                                        fax: 0891-2567555.
                                        hyderabad:
                                        
                                        std code (08415), local (925)
                                        ph: 246666,246555
                                        fax: 246234








www.dolphinhotelsvizag.com







throwing light on 
                                        india's treasures -
                                    






                                        a virtual treasure trove of indian arts, crafts and textiles, ‘kalanjali’, where
                                        fine art meets real life, is an exclusive showroom that showcases india. a haven
                                        for connoisseurs of fine living, the merchandise at kalanjali is handpicked from
                                        master craftsmen and weavers. the collection of textiles and garments available
                                        at the complex pay tribute to our rich legacy of intricate craftsmanship.
                                    


                                        kalanjali is a journey of discovery into centuries old traditions.
                                        it’s the sacred place to find the secrets of india’s most beautiful works of art
                                        like rare and exquisite pottery, unique metal ware, woodcraft, paintings, textiles
                                        and more. kalanjali is an enriching experience into rich indian tradition and cultural
                                        heritage. it’s much more than just a purchasing experience.
                                    


                                        it offers a vast number of products that are perfect for gifting
                                        for every occasion and festival including corporate gifts, and for everyone, including
                                        your friends, family members and sweetheart. kalanjali, through its india’s first
                                        fully functional e-commerce site, www.kalanjali.com, offer exclusive indian artefacts,
                                        handlooms and ethnic textiles for purchase.
                                        

                                        kalanjali
                                        margadarsi house,
                                        5-10-195, fathemaidan road,
                                        
                                        opp: police control room,
                                        
                                        nampally, hyderabad.
                                        ph: 040-23231147/23297196/23297197
                                        fax: 040-23233204









                                            www.kalanjali.com
                                        












sunshinewhen u need itwith finance
                                        and hope





                                        margadarsi, the flagship company of the ramoji group made its humble beginning in
                                        october, 1962, in a small office with just two people working. today it is the leader,
                                        most trusted chit fund (financial instrument) companies, spread across the states
                                        of andhra pradesh, telangana, tamil nadu and karnataka with 103 branches. it employs
                                        4,300 employees, has 8,000 agents, over 3, 88,000 subscribers and a turnover of
                                        over rs. 7600 crores.
                                    


                                     
                                

                                        making the concept of the chit fund (a co - operative investment
                                        and finance option) more popular, margadarsi chit fund showed the people, the way
                                        for a happier life. margadarsi’s unchanging values like honesty of performance,
                                        professional integrity, high quality of service, absolute financial discipline,
                                        complete transparency in dealings and its highly efficient workforce of hundreds
                                        of experienced professionals made it the no.1 chit fund company. it has become a
                                        household name in the two telugu speaking states of andhra pradesh and telangana.
                                        

                                        margadarsi chits ltd.
                                        
                                        margadarsi house,
                                        
                                        5-10-195, fathemaidan road,
                                        
                                        opp: police control room,
                                        
                                        nampally, hyderabad.
                                        
                                        ph: 040-23212673/74/76
                                        









                                            www.margadarsi.com
                                        












films in
                                    all their entertaining hues






                                        with mayuri film distributors came in a scientific approach to the film distribution.
                                        

                                        after studying the nature of the movie - what type of audience it will attract,
                                        where are such audiences located, how to inform them effectively are all part of
                                        mayuri's methodology. with a reputation for fair deals, mayuri provides integrated
                                        movie distribution solutions. mayuri has been distributing quality films for over
                                        two decades now.

                                        mayuri film distributors
                                        fair-field, 
                                        hyderabad - 16.
                                        ph: 040-27768611/27768655/27764833
                                        fax: 040-27762798
                                    











as the sun travels, the 
                                        taste lingers on...
                                    




                                                                     
                                        in 1980, the visionary chairman of ramoji group, sri ramoji rao created priya. true
                                        to its tradition of ramoji group, priya foods is committed to provide you with the
                                        best flavors of india
                                    



                                        priya launched its exploration of the world of taste with six
                                        flavors of pickles. now it has been grown to about thirty six varieties of pickles,
                                        ten varieties of pastes, four varieties of spice powders, six varieties of masala
                                        powders, five varieties of curry masala powders, seven varieties of traditional
                                        powders, twelve varieties of instant mixes, ten varieties of papads and has recently
                                        introduced twenty nine varieties of ready to eat, and nine varieties of convenient
                                        mixes, twelve varieties of snacks!
                                    



                                        priya’s making your favorite pickle was an arduous ritual: picking
                                        ingredients, washing, cutting, pounding, grinding, preventing contamination and
                                        ensuring long life etc…. this made pickle lovers across the world choose priya for
                                        authentic taste of india, tickling taste buds with varieties of pickles.
                                    



                                        ‘priya’ transformed an ancient technique into a contemporary
                                        process supported by technology and management.
                                    



                                        priya is like india: rich, varied, now spicy, now sweet...
                                    



                                        today priya is a global brand. it is the preferred choice of
                                        millions across the world, taking india to nations and continents. indeed, india
                                        and priya are the darlings of the world!
                                    



                                        priya foods
                                        ushodaya enterprises ltd,
                                        eenadu complex, 
                                        somajiguda,
                                        hyderabad - 82.
                                        ph: 040-23323717/23324727
                                        fax: 040-23393640/23325444
                                    








                                            www.priyafoods.com
                                        













shining
                                    bright on the 
big screen




                                                           
                                        a film production company, ushakiron movies, of ramoji group founded in 1983, has
                                        produced over 80 films in all major indian languages such as telugu, hindi, tamil,
                                        malayalam, kannada, marathi, bengali.
                                        

                                        with several blockbusters to its credit, movies produced by ushakiron are distinctly
                                        different in their approach, and provide wholesome entertainment. the company also
                                        provides television software to etv - telugu.
                                    




                                        our screen presence has gone international with ushakiron movies
                                        international. it is our latest foray and is already making a mark on the international
                                        scene. with over two decades of experience in making films and a world class film
                                        making infrastructure we are confident of becoming a star attraction for the tinsel
                                        world.
                                    




                                        ushakiron movies
                                        ramoji film city
                                        anajpur village,
                                        
                                        hayathnagar mandal,
                                        
                                        r.r.dist.
                                        ph: 08415-246555
                                        925-246555 (local)
                                        fax: 08415-246401






                                 
                            

























                    copyright © 2025 ushodaya enterprises pvt. ltd., all rights reserved. for digital advertisements contact: 040 23318181 












