













strategic energy institute (sei) | research


















    skip to main navigation


    skip to main content















menu









research










subsei


research home


sei home


about


about sei


sei brochures


carbon neutral energy solutions building


sei 20th anniversary




research


energy research


energy publications


energy labs & centers


doe lab partnerships


funding opportunities


tech transfer


epicenter


circular carbon fuels economy working group




education and outreach


georgia tech students


energy faculty fellow program


general public & high school students


atl cleantech connect




people


sei team


initiative leads


external advisory board


faculty council


energy research community




news & events


news


events




contact us











search


search






















strategic energy institute

















breadcrumb


home


                                                    strategic energy institute (sei)
                                            










 
















 




marta hatzell appointed interim deputy director of the strategic energy institute
associate professor marta hatzell has been appointed interim deputy director of the strategic energy institute (sei).hatzell currently leads the industrial decarbonization and clean catalysis initiative at sei and holds joint appointments in the george w. woodruff school of mechanical engineering and the school of chemical and biomolecular engineering. most recently, she led the materials for carbon-neutral fuel production track at this year’s energy materials day, which attracted over 400 participants from academia and industry. “marta has been an outstanding addition to sei’s initiative lead program, where her contributions have already made a significant impact. i am excited to see her further engage with the georgia tech energy community in this role,” said christine conwell, sei interim executive director.


full story












the georgia tech strategic energy institute
is one of georgia tech's ten interdisciplinary research institutes. sei integrates energy activities across the nation's largest technology university – from generation, to distribution, to use. whether it’s commercializing a technology to address a specific challenge or designing a roadmap for focusing resources, we understand the systems, technologies, and context of the ever-evolving nature of energy production and use.
learn more


 










featured publication








georgia tech hydrogen activities
the georgia institute of technology has a broad range of testbeds, industry partnerships, and federal programs across the hydrogen value chain, including hydrogen production, storage/transport, and utilization. georgia tech is also focused on developing diverse stem talent for such industries.georgia tech hydrogen energy activitieshydrogen strategic research initiative webpage


hydrogen combustion page





featured center








direct air capture center (diracc)

the direct air capture center (diracc) is the culmination of more than a decade of research at georgia tech to develop materials and processes that extract carbon dioxide (co2) directly from the atmosphere. climate models suggest that negative emissions technologies (nets) will need to be developed and deployed in order to stabilize the climate. with several recent awards, georgia tech researchers have launched the direct air capture center (diracc). diracc will create a forum for collaborative research on nets and dac, bringing together researchers from across the institute working in energy, sustainability, policy, and related fields.
visit the diracc site


energy centers page







signature initiatives








research








energy 101







funding opportunities









technology transfer








epicenter








education









 blank space (medium)(text and background only visible when logged in)







news






 

georgia tech research targets ‘forever chemicals’ in drinking watersomeday, your drinking water could be completely free of toxic “forever chemicals.” these chemicals, called pfas (per- and polyfluoroalkyl…


 

unearthing climate solutionsdecreasing carbon dioxide in the air can start with dirt on the ground. school of earth and atmospheric sciences associate professor chris reinhard…


 

tech square microgrid workshop sparks ideas for energy resiliency assetson jan. 13, the georgia tech strategic energy institute (sei), southern company, and georgia power hosted a workshop aimed at imparting new…




 more news » 







events






thursday
february
27
georgia tech 2025 sustainability showcase - day 1sponsored by brook byers institute for sustainable systems, this event will be an opportunity for georgia tech academics, researchers, students, and institute programs to share their work in


thursday
february
27
research town hall - feb. 27, 2025the georgia tech research community is invited to the virtual research town hall hosted by interim evpr tim lieuwen on thursday, february 27, 2025 at 11 a.m.agenda includes a discussion led by tim


friday
february
28
georgia tech 2025 sustainability showcase - day 2the theme for this year’s showcase is ecosystem, community, and infrastructure resilience, as well as resilience in the curriculum. this is an exciting opportunity to learn about this critical work


friday
february
28
2025 southeastern energy conference - day 12025 conference vision: energy is at the root of almost everything we do, and it only makes sense that such a vital resource plays a central role in international politics. whether it is the


















sign up for the sei newsletter
sei sends out a weekly newsletter featuring energy news, events, jobs, and research funding opportunities. click the button below to sign up in mailchimp.


sei newsletter signup



















  
























georgia institute of technology
north avenueatlanta, ga 30332
                    
+1 404.894.2000

campus map









general


directory


employment


emergency information










legal


equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and anti-harassment policy


legal & privacy information


human trafficking notice


title ix/sexual misconduct


hazing public disclosures


accessibility


accountability


accreditation


report free speech and censorship concern














© 2025 georgia institute of
      technology



gt login






 


  



this website uses cookies. 
                for more information, review our  
                privacy & 
                    legal notice questions? please email privacy@gatech.edu. 
more info

accept










