





efort — welcome






























































 

efortwelcome















search








 

home
about us

mission & vision
statutes
efort history
constituency

board & excom
honorary members
committees


annual report 2022
ethics in o&t
investor relations
efort nore


membership

membership network
individual membership


congress

the efort congress
lyon 2025
past congresses
congress awards
awards winners


event calendar

o&t event calendar
submit your event
efort events
approved events

application process
online submission


efort abroad


education & research

eotep framework
eotep road map

educational courses
efort exmex fora
the ebot exam
basic science course
fellowships
efort e-learning
publications

efort open reviews
efort textbook
efort il books


efort fora


endorsed research
efort e-learning

efort webinars
basic science course


efort open reviews
e-resources

efort e-library
efort e-science
eorn interactive map
nore interactive map


online surveys
educational courses
the ebot exam
the efort fora
european curricula
efort past courses
useful links


fellowships

visiting fellowship
robotic fellowship


eu activities

efort involvement
cobalt working group
core-md project
ipssi initiative
european funding


news

efort today
efort mobile app
campaigns
press releases
statements
announcements
interviews
social media
fraud warning






4

00_lxyon25_registration
  

01 – lyon25 website
  

02 – current month webinar
  

03 – app
  

04 – replay webinar
  

05 – ils eor 2024
  




     efort congress lyon 2025open reviewswebinarsefort todayefort consensus
efort annual congress 2025lyon, france | 11-13 june 2025
the online registration for the 26th efort annual congress 2025 is now open!
 
join us in lyon, france from 11-13 june 2025, for europe’s leading orthopaedic and trauma congress! this year’s theme, “modern technologies in orthopaedics: challenging ethics & outcomes“, will explore cutting-edge innovations and the ethical challenges they pose. 
 
the efort executive committee invites you to submit your abstract(s) for the 26th efort annual congress where the orthopaedic and trauma professionals from europe and around the world will shape our community platform to engage in meaningful discussions, share diverse perspectives, and critically assess the impact of technological advancements.
 
abstract submission is now closed and all abstracts received for the efort congress lyon 2025 scientific programme are currently under review by our efort science committee appointed topic experts through our online platform. 
 
abstract acceptance/rejection notifications will be sent on friday 31 january 2025.
 
more information



efort annual congress lyon 2025 | welcome message & main theme
online registration | fees | general conditions
abstracts review information




high quality instructional review articles on all aspects of orthopaedics and traumatology. 
efort open reviews (eor), the official journal of the european federation of national associations of orthopaedics and traumatology (efort) provides high quality instructional review articles on all aspects of orthopaedics and traumatology. efort open reviews is indexed in pubmed with full-text provided in pubmedcentral (pmc). 
more information

efort open reviews | volume 10 | issue 02 | eor archives
instructional lectures eor efort annual congress 2024
efort open reviews website | submit your article
get the eor email alerts!

https://www.efort.org/eor/


efort webinar | innovation in periprosthetic fracturesmonday 24 february 2025 | 19:00-20:00 cet | free-of-charge online registration
this efort educational webinar will focus on advances and challenges in managing periprosthetic fractures.
the objectives of this webinar are:

define periprosthetic fractures and their clinical challenges.
explore management strategies for upper extremity periprosthetic fractures.
understand diagnosis and treatment innovations for femoral interprosthetic fractures.
discuss the impact of infections on outcomes and their management in periprosthetic fractures.

this webinar is organised by efort independent of any commercial educational support.
more information

scientific programme & faculty | pdf document | 1 page | 180 kb
free-of-charge online registration
more information about the efort webinars.


efort webinar replays
efort webinar | anterior shoulder instability in professional athletes | webinar replay available

more information

scientific programme & faculty | pdf document | 1 page | 210 kb
more information about the efort webinars.



have you read the february 2025 issue of efort today?
efort today is the official newsletter of the european federation of national associations of orthopaedics and traumatology (efort). efort today is released twice a month. it aims at keeping you up-to-date with the latest efort orthopaedic & traumatology related news in europe.
more information
efort today | volume 5 | number 02 | 20 february 2025more information & sing-up form

orthopaedic and traumatology innovations have improved care for musculoskeletal disorders and injuries, with new implants, techniques, and research improving patient outcomes. 
the 1st efort european consensus on “medical & scientific research requirements for the clinical introduction of artificial joint arthroplasty devices” aims to maintain innovation and optimize orthopaedic products while respecting mdr boundaries.
more information | pdf publication | 247 pages | 8 mb
 
upcoming efort events



date/time
event
category




		24 february 2025
	

efort webinar | innovation in periprosthetic fractures



arthroplasty
efort eotep event
efort eotep general traumatology
efort webinar
eotep event
traumatology








		31 march 2025
	

efort webinar | next-generation approaches to periprosthetic joint infections



arthroplasty
bone and joint infection
efort eotep event
eotep event
implants, biomaterials & registry study
musculoskeletal infections
webinar








		28 april 2025
	

efort webinar | thoracolumbar vertebral fractures



efort eotep event
efort eotep general traumatology
efort eotep spine
efort webinar
eotep event
spine (incl. trauma)
traumatology








		26 may 2025
	

efort webinar | contemporary concepts in ankle fracture surgical management



efort eotep event
efort eotep general traumatology
efort webinar
eotep event
foot and ankle trauma
traumatology








		11 june 2025 - 13 june 2025
	

26th efort congress lyon 2025
lyon, france



congress
efort congress
efort eotep event
eotep event
general orthopaedics
traumatology








		29 september 2025
	

efort webinar | bone loss management in revision hip replacement



arthroplasty
efort eotep event
efort eotep hip and pelvis
efort webinar
eotep event
pelvis, hip & femur








		27 october 2025
	

efort webinar | distal femur fractures. retrograde nailing versus locking plate



efort eotep event
efort eotep general traumatology
efort eotep hip and pelvis
eotep event
pelvic and hip trauma
traumatology







visit the efort orthopaedic event calendar
 back to top


 



 






































efort news
efort webinars replays
check all the efort webinars replays and efort congress webcasts in efort e-science.

news from the network
efort today, released twice a month, is the official newsletter of efort.
more information & subscription

societies news
launched in 2009, the efort foundation primary goal is to promote science & research in the fields of orthopaedics & traumatology.


contact us │ 
imprint │ 
disclaimer │ 
privacy policy │ 
terms of use │ 
jobs │ 
the efort foundation │ 

follow us:
	




© 1997-2025 efort european federation of national associations of orthopaedics and traumatology. all rights reserved.



 the efort website uses cookies to improve its functionality and performance, some of these cookies are needed to provide visitors related statistics to efort, while others are essential to making the efort website function properly and improve the user experience. by accessing and navigating in this website, you are giving implied consent to the use of cookies on this website.
 consult our data privacy policy for more information.

 accept 














