





christian radio station - dewsbury west yorkshire uk - branch fm























































now on air:
loading ...



follow us

 facebook
 twitter
 instagram
























home
events
donate
contact us

branch fm

presenters
schedule
listen again
win
prayer request
testimonies
feedback


























live from dewsbury...



branch fm is west yorkshire's christian community radio station broadcasting from dewsbury on 101.8 fm and online through the internet.
the station is run by volunteers from across dewsbury, west yorkshire and further afield. we partner with local schools, colleges and universities to facilitate where possible work placements for their students as well as working with and supporting young men and women with special needs.
if you would like more information on the ministry of branch fm and its team then why not get in contact with us today. we would love to hear from you and also while you are with us have a look at the branch fm latest newsletter for a quick update on what is happening at the station.









address
dewsbury revival centre,
											west park street,
											dewsbury,
											wf13 4la


text us
07906 820278











branch fm newsletter
have a look at our latest newsletter and see what we have been up to
branch fm spring & summer 2023






















inspirational quote


do you have any favourite bible verses or inspirational quotes? let us know what they are
contact us 








sponsored walk


barnabas childs completed a 10 mile walk to raise over £1750 for branch fm back in may
donate 








competition


win alistair begg's truth for life 365 daily devotions book in our latest competition
enter now 


















view verse of the day









the branch fm team











steve hodgson
weekdays: 4pm - 7pm
listen to steve's drive time show on branch fm christian radio











barney childs
weekdays: 7am - 10am
why not start the morning listening to barney's breakfast show









michael booth
interviewer
listen to michael interviewing people from the region and around the world





view all








testimonies









i was driving on ilkley moors while scanning for radio stations and came across branch fm. i am a born again christian and this station grabbed my attention. the radio started speaking to me. i am so glad that branch fm found me.



anonymousdewsbury






i was browsing the internet and having my time with god. as i was looking for some inspiring music i found branch fm and started listening to the radio station online.



anonymousdewsbury

view more






whilst driving back home from london i was driving up the m1 changing frequencies from a secular radio station. as the scanner landed on 101.8 fm i found myself listening to branch fm from sheffield to leeds. from that day i am a keen regular listener to branch fm.



anonymoushalifax

















20 the countdown magazine



catch william ryan for some of the best christian music on 20 the countdown magazine every saturday at 10am - 12noon and repeated every sunday at 12noon - 2pm on branch fm. check out the latest news, reviews, and interviews with some of the biggest names in christian music.



1 this is our god - phil wickham
2 cornerstone - tobymac ft. zach williams
3 running home - cochren & co.




4 first things first - consumed by fire
5 anxious heart - jeremy camp
6 thank god i do - lauren daigle
















address
dewsbury revival centre, west park street, dewsbury, wf13 4la





contact us
07906 820278





follow us

 facebook
 twitter
 instagram














events
win
donate
prayer request




â© copyright 2023 | all rights reserved | branch fm



































