






group therapy – nancy wesson, phd – palo alto & mountain view, ca – counseling & psychotherapy ~~ 650–965–7332  ~~ 
































 







detailed info


therapy groupsmore about group therapyindividual counselingsocial anxietyblog▼individual counselingsocial anxietybio▼about dr. wessonwhy counseling?nancy wesson ph.d. curriculum vitaefaq▼frequently asked questionsformsfinding a relationshipgood faith estimateslearn more 





nancy wesson ph.d.counseling & psychotherapy ~~ 650--965--7332  ~~ therapy groups
more about group therapy
individual counseling
social anxiety
blog

individual counseling
social anxiety


bio

about dr. wesson
why counseling?
nancy wesson ph.d. curriculum vitae


faq

frequently asked questions


forms
finding a relationship
good faith estimates
learn more
 

follow me:



for a consultation or appointment:call, text (650) 965-7332


therapy groups


are you seeking support as you work on relationship issues and rebuild self-esteem ?
 group therapy:
– become more at ease around others 
 – enjoy more relationships 
– increase your social skills and self esteem
 
how group therapy gives you support and insight:
do you have a hard time connecting with your partner, family, friends or coworkers?

have difficulties building a social network or failed romantic relationships left you feeling isolated and unsure about how to interact with potential friends and partners?
are you constantly on edge during conversations or anxious about upcoming social events?
maybe you have difficulty relaxing around other people, worried that you will be judged or criticized. or perhaps you’re struggling with conflict and ineffective communication in a current relationship and can’t figure out how to reconnect with your partner.
you may have trouble being assertive about your needs or try too hard to please the person you are with.
do you wish you could increase confidence in yourself and feel closer and more comfortable with the people in your life?
struggling with relationship issues, social anxiety and low self-esteem or self-confidence can leave you feeling alone in the world.
try as you may to connect with others and meet new people, relationships of all kinds may be difficult for you. if this sounds familiar, you are not alone. almost everyone experiences difficulties in relationships at some point in their lives.
thankfully, there is help. the support and insight you can receive – and give – from others in group therapy can help you learn how to make meaningful connections and feel more confident and self-assured in your relationships.
if you are ready to understand and address your personal or relationship challenges , i encourage you to call:
(650) 965-7332
or if you have additional questions about group therapy, setup a complimentary, commitment-free 30-minute phone consultation. you may also set up this consultation via email: drn.wesson@sbcglobal.net
groups meet tue and wed nights from 6:30-8:00 p.m. a screening process is required before joining a group to ensure there is a good fit between you and the group which you join. $90 per weekly session (some sliding scale fee slots are available).
read more on the following page: more about therapy groups



recent articles


benefits of a therapy group for relationship and self-esteem issues


how group therapy can help you become less socially anxious


understanding emotional intimacy


handling rejection


how can counseling help me change my social anxiety?


group psychotherapy and relationships



 go to top  

 


about our counseling services
nancy wesson, ph.d. offers a friendly, private counseling setting in mountain view, ca. she has over 25 years of individual and group counseling experience in topics such as:

relationship issues
self-esteem
relationship patterns
commitment issues
depression
social anxiety
psychotherapy for codependency
and other life change issues





contact dr. wesson
for a consultation or appointment call or text:
 (650) 965-7332

first time client?

please visit our new client page for information and forms to complete before your 1st visit. 
download new client forms




office locations
mountain view office

2672 bayshore parkway, suite 618
mountain view, california 94043 


please be aware that i am out of network for all insurance companies.  i would be happy to help you determine how to process your claim.





copyright © 2025 · nancy wesson, ph. d. · all rights reserved







