




























staffsource | nw indiana & metro detroit premiere staffing agency




















































northern indiana & chicago: 1-219-989-9675





metro detroit offices: 1-248-565-8704



info@staffsourceusa.com





view candidate list


candidate login


apply online




apply online





facebook
twitter
linkedin


about us
employers
candidates
service areas
contact
apply online
 










staffing 


recruitment 


r.p.o. 


hr services 


one company.
four unique services.


staff source is a multi-faceted staffing and recruitment firm
serving northwest indiana & metro detroit.


contact hammond office 


contact detroit office 










best of northwest indiana business


since 2013


read more







best place to work.  


best employment agency.









contact us at (219) 989-9675 or (248) 565-8704 for job listings. 











services foremployers



we develop customized search, screening and testing programs to vet the best possible candidate for each position we fill.  during start-ups, program or project launches, we develop a complete hiring plan to be executed and manage the entire process.                        
go to employer services







services forcandidates



our team of employment specialists work hard with every applicant that demonstrates a good work ethic.  our goal is to assist you in finding a part-time job, a temporary assignment or a career that meets your personal goals and objectives.                        
go to candidate services










two locations, one great service
hammond in
since 1997 we have helped people find jobs or advance their careers while helping our client companies with meeting their hiring needs. in 2014 we opened a branch office in michigan to service the metro detroit area.
we view ourselves as more than just a staffing company, but a support system and a resource to help you achieve your personal or business objectives.
staff source partners with our client companies in order to deliver the widest range of personnel services. our staffing and recruitment services provide fully vetted candidates for hiring companies while our professional employment services provides cutting edge hr consultation utilizing both proprietary and world class best practices.
view available jobs in northwest in & chicago












detroit mi
in 2014 staff source expanded and opened a branch office in warren, michigan to service the metro detroit area. we provide staffing services to the greater detroit region including, but not limited to fraser, southfield, livonia, sterling heights, westland and all municipalities within a 50 mile radius of warren.
our expertise in servicing the manufacturing and automotive sectors made this region a perfect fit. through disciplined growth targets and our ability to serve on a 24/7 basis, has allowed us to become the company we are today. not only have we grown year after year, but have become the “go-to” staffing company in the detroit region for immediate industrial, manufacturing & clerical placements.
staff source partners with our client companies in order to deliver the widest range of personnel services. our staffing and recruitment services provide fully vetted candidates for hiring companies while our professional employment services provides cutting edge hr consultation utilizing both proprietary and world class best practices.
view available jobs in detroit region











why staff source?

 northwest indiana times best of the region 2024







nw indiana business quarterly best of the region and best places to work 2024














"great place to work!! just started and they've been super accommodating for my schedule and have a great energy in the office!
" ‐ h. a. bengtson

"i love the organization and communication when working for staff source. they are great to work with for seasonal work. hopefully i will have a chance to expand my skills and work full time for the company.
" ‐ l. catron

"stopped in yesterday after checking out their website.  the girls at the office were all extremely nice.  i did not have an appointment, but they took me in for an interview.  luckily i had my resume and ids; otherwise i would've had to come back.  there was actually an opening that met my qualifications and i was offered a job on the spot.  i start tomorrow morning.  super excited.  thank you!  i'll report back on my experience.
" ‐ j. mika









our trusted partners




 
  
  
  
 









latest blog posts






11 oct


a few more months before job growth speeds up: the conference board


as published by staffing industry analyst:
it may be a bit before job growth gets back up to speed, and a continuation of severe labor [...].
read more 






08 oct


a record 51% of small business owners surveyed can’t find qualified workers


as published by the nfib.
washington, d.c. (oct. 7, 2021) – fifty-one percent (seasonally adjusted) of small business owners reported job [...].
read more 



 


30 sep


press room general floor worker-- taylor, mi


digital printing and bindery company  in taylor, mi  seeking pressroom general floor worker to assist with duties associated with production jobs [...].
read more 






16 sep


rising wages set to drive new opportunities—and uncertainties—over the next decade


rising wages set to drive new opportunities—and uncertainties—over the next decade    
 thus far in 2021, wages in the us have grown at the [...].
read more 









latest video















indiana / illinois

 address: 7205 indianapolis blvd, hammond in 46324
 phone: 1-219-989-9675
 email: info@staffsourceusa.com
 online: contact hammond office online





michigan

 address: 29498 dequindre road, warren, mi 48092
 phone: 1-248-565-8704
 email: nikki@contractservicegroup.com
 online: contact metro detroit office online












staff source © copyright 1997 - 2025. all rights reserved.  design by elegrit.



















