 














home - clancey


























































 






















 phone: (800) 747-7405 email: info@clancey.com

 











     

 


 
welcome to clancey, america’s
premier “design distributor”
of mechanical components.









 




 

 












search for:search button


about us
line card
electronic access
monitor mounts
latches
locks
hingesdocument canister
quick access fastener
panel fastener
gas springs/door assist
drawer slides
knobs
leveling mounts
wire management
work holding solutions
clamps
hydraulic hose and adapters
bofa distributor
terms and conditions of sale
iso:9001 2015 certiciate 
download entire catalog










imagine the industry’s best design distributor of mechanical components, taking your calls, getting your order right the first time and solving big challenges and minor irks.
hardware is hardware. until you need an expert who can suggest the perfect mechanical component, confirm a size or mechanism, or answer your question with 100% certainty.
some say, “it’s just a gas spring… a latch… a hinge… a drawer slide.” but those people who purchase from clancey know better. other companies might sell mechanical components, but none of them make it as easy as clancey does.
for the fastest service in the industry please send requests for technical service, samples, quotes, and orders to:
kansas city headquarters, sales office and warehouse
8081 flint lenexa, ks 66214
phone: (800) 747-7405
email: info@clancey.com

 








new southco ah-bifold constant torque hinges

holds a table flap open in any position along 180 degrees
flush mount design prevents trapped fingers and pinch points
customizable torque to fit the needs of most applications
small design footprint
high strength performance & long cycle life reduces maintenance costs

download trade drawing
download cad file

  

















































 








































































































