



kusak crystal trophies and awards
 
 


























skip to main content








free shipping & free custom etching | 











menu
0 items
my account




live chat



1-800-426-9347call us 9am-5pm pst






























corporate awards
golf awards
championship trophies
art glass
barware
vases & bowls
successories
swag & promo
awards.com
signaturepens.com
[x] close menu



 

 





























kusak crystal awards & gifts
kusak has been the premiere destination for quality
crystal awards and gifts for over 100 years. our european heritage and craftmanship was
born in handcut crystal vase and stemware. then we decided to bring that same quality and care
to the awards and recognition industry. we have been sand-carving crystal for 105 years, and
continue to supply the best personalized awards available.
you have seen our handiwork everywhere, and for the past few decades kusak crystal has been
providing all the crystal golf trophies for
the wsga and pnga championships, awards for hall of fame inductees and players of the year and
volunteers of the year, as well as mementos for players and staff throughout the industry.
the business was started by chuck kusak’s grandfather, anton kusak, in 1914. chuck has worked for
the company since he was 13. other employees have been here for 50 years. chuck became heavily
involved with the golf community, and still serves as director for the western golf
association which administers the evans caddie scholarship program. we are working
tirelessly to continue the kusak legacy for another 100 years.



crystal golf trophies
our exclusive line of golf awards feature the finest crystal and etching in the industry. used to
recognize the most prestigious pga tournaments.














































corporate awards & trophies »
recognize and award the achievers in your organization with prestigious corporate awards from
kusak crystal.














































custom sandcarved vases & bowl »

commemorate and reward your champions with unique awards such as a vase or bowl that can be held
high and proudly.














































custom sandcarved barware »
cheers to the winners and all those who contributed to your organization's success. our fine
etched bareware gifts become prized possessions.





















































+

shop by category


corporate awards
championship trophies
golf awards and trophies
art glass awards & gifts



a cut above | est 1914
it all started with a dream on june 14, 1914. a young moravian glass cutter, anton c. kusak, chose
the small coastal city of seattle, washington to begin his life long dream of building the finest
crystal house in america. anton believed that with good quality and great design, coupled with a
drive and passion for excellence in both product and service, he could build a new and happy life
for his young family that would prosper and grow.



 celebrating 111 years
we are honored to be celebrating our 105th anniversary as a third generation, family owned,
independent american business. our dream continues because of our loyal friends and customers.

proud associations
western golf association
pacific northwest golf association

wisconsin state golf association















sign up for free shipping:












about kusak crystal:
family owned and operated since 1914.

kusak has been the premiere destination for quality crystal gifts for four generations. our european
heritage and craftsmanship was born in hand-cut crystal vase and stemware. then we decided to bring
that same quality and care to the awards and recognition industry. we have been sand-carving crystal
for over 100 years, and continue to supply the best personalized awards available.


powered by paypal.


customer service:

contact us
1-800-426-9347
kusak@kusak.com


ordering information:

ordering &
shipping
returns &
exchanges
100% satisfaction guarantee

art & logo
requirements





account information:

sign in
create an account
track my order
manage subscriptions
manage cookies


kusak crystal awards & gifts:

corporate awards
championship trophies
golf awards and trophies
art glass awards & gifts
view digital catalog
site map





local seattle business for over 100 years
schedule an appt to review samples and meet us.
7605 se 27th st, mercer island, wa 98040





terms & conditions: free ups ground shipping to one contiguous us and canada (excluding yukon, northwest territories, and nunavut) shipping address. limited to us & canadian orders. other exclusions may apply. desired shipping promotion must be selected at time of checkout. promotions and discounts must be requested via phone, email, or fax if placing an order through these channels. minimum merchandise purchase may apply. offer does not apply to previous purchases, taxes, or other shipping methods. subject to adjustment due to returns, cancellations and exchanges. valid only at kusak.com	
© copyright 2025, successories inc. dba kusak crystal all rights
reserved | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility




  


our site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. by
using kusak crystal, you accept our privacy & cookie policy.
accept all cookies

manage
cookies



[ close ]
required:


 functional
these cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. these include
cookies that allow your visit to be remembered as you explore the site within a single session or from
session to session. they help make the shopping cart and checkout process possible as well as assist in
security issues and conforming to regulations. example: remembering your settings and preferences for
cookies.





optional:


 email
analytics to track visits entering and leaving our site from email communications to determine
effectiveness of the communications and to ensure we do not send unnecessary and irrelevant
communications.



 marketing
analytics to better generate, target, and deliver relevant marketing communications via digital ads and
content. online advertising that comes in several forms, including banner ads, rich media, and more.
these cookies may be set by third party websites.



 statistics
analytics solutions are used to identify visitor interaction with this website for the purpose of
improving the site experience or fixing potential issues with the site. these cookies may be set by
third party websites.





update cookies & close
accept all cookies










chat with us



