








siesta key hotels | captiva beach resort on siesta key |


























skip to main content
skip to footer
go to accessibility page


captiva beach resort on siesta key



accommodations

suites
efficiency
about the resort
faqs
guest reviews


amenities
beach guide
captiva beach resort on siesta key
area guide
gallery
offers

directions

contact us






facebook
twitter
tripadvisor


6772 sara sea circle • siesta key, fl 34242



live beach cam | ada & web accessibility | subscribe to our newsletter | book direct and save! (941) 349-4131













book now!













xbest direct ratescall us directly & save up to 20% off!
     941.349.4131







welcome to siesta key
america's #1 beach as rated by tripadvisor!


we are open!!! book your 2025 stay today!

each room features fully equipped kitchens with microwaves, individually controlled air conditioning and heat, separate baths equipped with an array of bath amenities and hair dryers available upon request, color television with cable service, private telephone lines, and bbq grills.
all of our rooms are modern, extremely clean, non-smoking, and have free wi-fi!

 


the resort offers a go-at-your-own pace tropical paradise that provides easy access to dining, shopping, nightlife and outdoor recreation in the crescent beach community on siesta key. captiva beach resort offers 19 rooms and guest suites with private baths, full equipped kitchens and living areas, all nestled in a tropical setting, just steps from one of the world's top rated beaches – crescent beach on siesta key in sarasota, fla., known for its sugary white sand and aqua marine colored water.


make a reservation



rooms & suites

 


amenities

 





 


special offers
booking.com/expedia match save 20%
				time to head to the beach! save 20%!
aaa/aarp discount
florida resident's special
explore special offers




siesta key fl resort beach guide
explore some of the best beaches in the world!


the blue-ribbon winner in the area, siesta beach earned its bragging rights in from its 99% pure-quartz sand and dr. beach has ranked it no. 1 on his annual list of america's best beaches previously! siesta earned additional accolades when national geographic ranked the beach no. 6 on its list of top u.s. family beaches. 


					you'll find more of this famous sand at siesta key's crescent beach, rated #10 on travelocity's  top 25 beaches in the united states. once you dig your toes into the powdery soft sand you'll understand why folks come from all over the world to relax and play on these shores. siesta beach earned trip advisor's 2024 traveler's choice award.
				

explore beach guide


 



 

siesta key fl resort area guide
sarasota, florida is home to some of the best attractions, shopping and dining in the world! the captiva beach resort is minutes to downtown sarasota, st. armand's circle and venice main street shopping and dining. 
 
check out our sister property attractions free ride share frog hop siesta & crescent club siesta key.
 
explore siesta key
























		join our mailing list for news & offers:
	







captiva beach resort on siesta key

				6772 sara sea circle • siesta key, fl 34242
				phone: (941) 349-4131
			

© 2025 website by l.e.t. group | site map | ada & web accessibility




				siesta key beach
				named #1 in u.s. by tripadvisor!
			

























