     dodge ram dealership monroeville pa | pittsburgh | penn hills                         




                                                




















monroeville dodge ram





   




3633 william penn hwy
monroeville, pa 15146
                            



sales
412-816-9420

service
412-547-3299

parts
412-816-8446












service










contact










map







 get directions 
 contact us 





















monroeville dodge ram

   







412-816-9420 

 directions

 service





                 new   new   value your trade   explore electric vehicles   custom order     used   shop used vehicles   certified pre-owned inventory   value your trade   used specials   vehicles under $25k     specials   new specials   used specials   manufacturer incentives    special programs   service & parts specials     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   service & parts specials   mopar coupons   free recall check   tire finder     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   lease returns at monroeville dodge ram   driveplus mastercard    value your trade   leasing vs. buying for your next car     about us   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers   about us   contact us   testimonials     research   research   view new ram models   view new dodge models   view used ram models   view used dodge models                      home   new   new   value your trade   explore electric vehicles   custom order     used   shop used vehicles   certified pre-owned inventory   value your trade   used specials   vehicles under $25k     specials   new specials   used specials   manufacturer incentives    special programs   service & parts specials     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   service & parts specials   mopar coupons   free recall check   tire finder     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   lease returns at monroeville dodge ram   driveplus mastercard    value your trade   leasing vs. buying for your next car     about us   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers   about us   contact us   testimonials     research   research   view new ram models   view new dodge models   view used ram models   view used dodge models                  
















    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         











      disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                            disclaimer          disclaimer                                                         
     search new inventory     search used inventory        




current specials

view current specials 









certified pre-owned

view cpo inventory 









schedule service

make an appointment 









get pre-approved

apply now 






     




shop by brand
























charger





challenger





durango









all-new 1500





1500 classic





ram 2500





ram 3500





ram chassis cab










     


welcome to your dodge ram dealer in monroeville, pa

monroeville dodge ram understands the car-buying process can be difficult, which is why we’ve modeled our entire business around making the experience as easy as possible for the customer. when you come to our dealership, you can rest assured knowing you’re in good hands.
we have a large inventory of new dodge ram cars for sale, including the ram 1500, ram 2500, and dodge challenger. if you’re searching for something more budget-friendly, you can also check out the selection at our used car dealership.
dodge and ram finance and service in monroeville, pa
in order to simplify the car-buying process for you, we have a fully staffed finance center with knowledgeable experts who can work with you to find the best deals possible. already a dodge ram owner? come by our service center, and take advantage of our regular service center coupons to ensure your car is properly maintained at an affordable and fair price.
ready to get into your new dodge or ram today? stop by our dodge ram dealership in monroeville, pennsylvania, right off william penn highway, or give us a call to speak with one of our friendly sales associates. we’re also just a short drive from both pittsburgh and north huntingdon.
learn more



      

service hours     monday 8:00am - 5:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 7:00pm    friday 8:00am - 5:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 2:00pm     sunday closed    

dodge ram service center
our monroeville dodge ram dealership in the monroeville area offers a large inventory of vehicles as well as the services needed to care for your vehicle. service center technicians are certified with expertise in the dodge and ram brands. the service department offers the parts and accessories your dodge or ram needs to stay safe on the road for many more years to come. plus, our techs are knowledgeable, fast, and friendly.
schedule service 

 
      


follow us


                            

     
          

monroeville dodge ram proudly works with car buyers from monroeville, irwin, greensburg, pittsburgh, and penn hills, and our staff is ready and waiting to help you find your perfect automobile. whether you want a new or pre-owned model, we know that you'll be impressed by our inventory, and our services are second to none. here are some of the things we think you should know about us if you're getting ready to shop for your next vehicle.


your go-to ram dealer
if you're interested in driving around town in a ram pickup truck, there is no better place to visit than monroeville dodge ram. we are the no. 1 dodge ram dealer in the pittsburgh area, and our employees have several years of experience dealing with these vehicles, meaning they'll be able to help you pick the new model that best fit your needs.
for customers who need a truck ready to get to work, we offer the ram 1500, ram 2500, and ram 3500. our inventory also features exciting suvs such as the dodge grand caravan and dodge durango, not to mention the dodge charger, one of the top sports cars on the road today.
if you're shopping on a tight budget, we also offer a great used inventory that will meet your needs. one of our knowledgeable sales consultants is standing by to show you the best vehicles we have in stock.
great trade-in values and financing services
we understand that cost is a big factor for most car buyers, which is why we offer the highest trade-in values in the area. we typically offer $1,000 above the trade-in value that you'd find at other dealers, and when you combine that with our great regular pricing, purchasing the quality vehicle you deserve will be a lot more cost effective.
we can also help you find an auto loan with an enticing rate thanks to our expert financing department. one of our team members will reach out to area lenders and help you with your application so that you get the loan you need.


work with certified technicians
every automobile needs maintenance occasionally, and when it's time to schedule maintenance or repairs for your car, there's no better option than visiting our service and parts department. the chrysler certified techs in our team have advanced maintenance and repair skills and can keep your automobile running optimally.
when your vehicle needs a repair, we use only genuine mopar parts so that your vehicle runs the way that it should. with regular maintenance from your team, you won't have to worry about being without reliable transportation.
shop with us today
when it's time for you to invest in your next car, the best dealership to visit is monroeville dodge ram. not only are we your top resource for dodge and ram automobiles, but we also offer a wide range of services that will make purchasing your next vehicle considerably easier. whether you're a resident of penn hills, pittsburgh, greensburg, irwin, or monroeville, our team can help you find the automobile that fits your needs.


                 copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | monroeville dodge ram | 3633 william penn hwy, monroeville, pa 15146 | sales: 412-816-9420             




















   


                 