 usher audio          
homeaudio tips & newsdesktop pc systemshome theaterbrandscomparisonsreviewscar audiotechnologyblogaudiophile rantsdedicated audio room setupmyths about us, audiophiles!about mecontact me

✕







sounds great
with usher bradon
trust my techniques and knowledge
in hifi audio.

 


this is me
my passion  with technology

 


do you have your passion?
share it.
 

  my featured expertise in audio technologytips from an audiophilecar stereo systemscomputer sound cardsmyths about audiophilesfavorite equipment of last months



denon

yamaha

pioneer

onkyo

asus

creativehere are my topics want to convert your home to a movie theatre?hi-fi systems from denon and pioneer.wondering about the general sound.are you a car-shopping audiophile?looking to upgrade your desktop pc's audio?brands that i trust for sound systems.i dream about a dedicated audio room. do you?top myths about audiophiles. my blogs01/25/2023size and brand – buying the right speakers for your home studioread more04/29/2019a review of the best wireless sound barsread more06/29/2018top 6 best speakers for your living room spaceread more03/12/2018sonos steps up the competition with voice-controlled sound systemread more11/09/2017want to convert your home to a movie theater? here are some tips from an audiophileread morefavorite audio brandsprojects we've been involved inmy family piesthis project has been very special for us. providing the proper audio equipment for adult projects is tricky. with projects of family pies, we had to carefully set up the microphones over the whole house, for proper user experience!caught fappingawkward and embarrassing moments turning very sexual way. it's fantasy series of adult time and it just launched. be the very first to experience the intimate moments of being busted. what happens next? you can probably predict already!fun size boysbody size difference fun entertainment - it's fun size boys series where tall guys are set together with tiny boys. their bodies might have a huge difference but their desire is about the same. watch this very niche project and enjoy the exclusive videos for free.idlefantasies.org - when your secret, creepy fantasies need to become reality. this series features real-life fantasy scenarios where all creeps do what they do best - create awkward moments leading to doubtful situations. asmrfantasy.net - it's finally here - the visual and sound content you always wanted to experience. with growing popularity of asmr entertainment adult time brings you the adults-only version. ready for something to tickle both your eyes and ears?sinfamilies.com - the most sensual taboo fantasies within step family members. want to know those secrets relations between step siblings and their step parents. family sinners is here to show you exactly this!czechgays.com - explore the world of czech republic and its straight guys who are totally broke. due to economical circumstances they are up for anything to earn a coin. and we exploit it!sexempires.com - the home to your true gonzo content on the web. watch all the finest episodes from unique series of darkx, hardx and different various x-branded series!dfartz.com - watch the finest interracial fun from dogfart in its new home. all the iconic series are here and guess what - it's still updated on weekly basis!sean cody - we have the most authentic american-based gay fun experience for you. since 2001 we have explored 1000's of the hottest talents!
© 2017 usher audio. all rights reserved.          



