








greatfailure.com



























greatfailure.com

search


primary menu
skip to content

about steve
contacts
demanding compassion
in singapore
seminars
steve in ink
steve’s childrens books
the larry david code







search for:



 








turning failure into success

stickyjanuary 1, 2019 steve young 


life not working out the way you want? are you constantly disappointed in the choices you make? mired in failure? find out how famous personalities like jane goodall, john wooden, erin brockovich, steve allen, betty white, billy idol, garry marshall and many others turned their most devastating failures into triumph and lifetime fulfillment.
steve young, author of “great failures of the extremely successful,” (tallfellow press) will show you just how they did it. sports legends, film, tv and music stars, nobel prize winners, billionaire businessmen and many other celebrated personalities have shared with steve the intimate details of the sometimes tragic losses that played such a great part in making them winners.
whether your failures, mistakes and other sundry obstacles to happiness have hindered personal relationships, career, academics or just plain enjoyment of your life, steve young, aka dr. failure, can show you strategies for turning life’s roadblocks into a road map to success.

leadership excellence magazine named steve young one of the country’s top minds in personal development! 
————————————–
here’s what they’re saying about 
great failures of the 
extremely successful
(tallfellow press)
“great book. i love it! it is fabulous. when you finish reading this amazing book, you will never let failure or fear of failure stand in your way again.” jack canfield (co-creator of “chicken soup for the soul” series) 
“i believe that the difference between an ordinary person and an extraordinary one is how one sees oneself.  if you believe in yourself, anything is possible. and if you doubt that, read this book!” jody williams (nobel laureate for peace) 
“advice is cheap, but life experience is invaluable, and that’s what this book offers.  i started reading about some of the people i admire, and found i couldn’t stop.” leonard maltin (author/film critic)
“steve young has penned a remarkable book that will inspire, move and lift the spirit of all who read it.  this book is a must read for parents, educators, counselors and clergy, anyone to whom children turn for support and direction.  realizing that failures or setbacks are not dead ends but merely roadblocks to navigate is akin to getting a lifetime of ‘get out of jail free’ cards. this is a book that will be recommended by good friends to each other simply because that’s what friends are suppose to do. those who have struggled to persevere have a new champion in mr. young.” david katzner (president, the national parenting center) 
“if any book about failure can succeed, it’s this one. i’ve seen steve work, and believe me, he knows what he’s talking about.” paul reiser (actor/comedian) 
“young’s book is good medicine for people down in the dumps about their own lack of success.” steve powers (book review, dallas morning news)
“what a terrific book for this particular time.” connie martinson(tv book reviewer )

get a personally signed copy of great failures
direct from the author






delivery options


us delivery (free shipping) $16.00int’l delivery (add $15) $31.00



  


“men succeed when they realize that their failures are the preparation for their victories.” — ralph waldo emerson 







important cell phone note: turn horizontal! 




proudly powered by wordpress





