




welcome to pendletonoregon.com
















	  




 









 




 
...your directory to the city of pendleton for both visitors 

	and residents...
 












home
attractions
banks
beauty
churches
food and drink
media
parks
pendleton round-up
pendleton websites
history of pendleton
contact us
about us






© copyright 2011










welcome to pendletonoregon.com, your 

			locally owned and operated directory to the city of pendleton for 

			both visitors and residents..
 

  use the navigation on the left as your guide

















a little about pendleton



			pendleton, oregon 

			is a city of 16,612 in eastern oregon located in the foothills of 

			the blue mountains, pendleton is the county seat of umatilla county 

			and one of the largest communities in oregon located east of the 

			cascade mountains. recently named as the best place in oregon to 

			raise a family by bloomberg businessweek, the city contains 21 

			beautiful parks that offer several activities such as biking, 

			tennis, swimming, ice skating and horseshoeing. 


			pendleton is well known for its wild west culture, as evidenced in 

			2011 by true west magazine naming it the “top true western town.” 

			the event that pendleton is best known for is the pendleton 

			round-up. every september, about 50,000 people visit the city and 

			happy canyon arena to enjoy this rodeo that has been held annually 

			since 1910. other events such as a children’s rodeo and a parade 

			accompany this prestigious event.


			the pendleton round-up and happy canyon hall of fame is also well 

			worth a visit with exhibits available for viewing that detail the 

			more than 100 years of round-up history. inductions are made 

			annually for special honorees.


			the umatilla county historical museum is a great place to learn more 

			about the history of the region. the children’s museum of eastern 

			oregon offers educational exhibits and activities aimed for the 

			younger ones of the group. the pendleton center for the arts allows 

			visitors to enjoy local artistic performances and exhibits. 

			pendleton woolen mills, an international apparel-manufacturing 

			company, still operates an original plant in pendleton.


			pendleton underground tours is a popular year-round tourist 

			attraction that offers a fascinating tour of the city’s red-light 

			district and the area’s old west heritage. those who want to 

			experience the old west lifestyle in the present day do not have to 

			go far, as the wildhorse resort & casino calls pendleton home. 

			visitors may also enjoy a trip to the tamástslikt cultural institute 

			located here where the history of local native americans that have 

			lived in the area for more than 10,000 years may be learned.

there are 21 unique 

			parks in pendleton that offer a variety of 

			activities including walkways and bike paths, tennis courts, 

			horseshoes, disc golf, swimming, wading pool,

			 ice skating, softball and 

			baseball fields, skateboarding, basketball courts,

			 playground equipment, 

			restrooms, reserveable park shelters, picnic tables and bbq grills, 

			and a grass amphitheater. for more detailed park information please 

			go to our parks and recreation section.


			pendleton is easy to access, as it is located less than four hours 

			driving time from both portland, oregon, and boise, idaho. air 

			travel via seaport airlines is also available. a number of greyhound 

			buses stop in pendleton on a daily basis. 


              if you are a pendleton business owner or resident who has 

			  useful information you would like us to consider adding please 

			  fill out the form on the about us 

			  page.







 

			
 

			

















 





 
 
 


 


home | history 

      | attractions | about us 

      | links | support
contact





