


switchblade: relative




















thursday, january 29, 2009



	 a thousand ears : a new blog
    


introducing "a thousand ears" : a new music blog for the semi-masses... my friend daniel wanted to release some of his thoughts on music in a new forum, so i teamed up with him to present "a thousand ears" a new site for music musings... so most of my new thoughts will post there. so, check it out if you want.http://athousandears.wordpress.com/



posted by cg @ 12:44 pm  
      
         1 comments






monday, december 22, 2008



	 best albums of 2008
    


everyone always has their lists of favorites. i spend a great deal of time dedicated to listening and sampling new music, if almost to an obsession. the basis for my top albums of 2008 is the number of times i went back to these albums to listen, re-listen, and listen to some more.so, without further ado, my top albums of 2008.1. glasvegas, "glasvegas" (columbia uk)            fuzzy guitars create a thick wall of sound,                                                 scottish brogue infused vocals,        and some buddy holly and 60's                                         doo-wop sentiments makes this glasgow four piece's debut my #1                                          go-to album for         2008.2. the botticellis, "old home movies" (antenna farm)a great pop album from this california quintet! sweet                             melodies  torn from the pages of           the beach boys & big star, with                     vocal harmonies with the charm of fleet foxes. 3. the dodos, "visiter" (french kiss)4. department of eagles, "in ear park" (4ad records)5. fujiya & miyagi, "lightbulbs" (deaf dumb & blind)6. the morning benders, "talking through tin cans" (+1 records)7. vampire weekend, "vampire weekend" (xl recordings)8. ra ra riot, "the rhumb line" (barsuk)9. lykke li, "youth novels" (atlantic)10. xx teens, "welcome to goon island" (mute)11. titus andronicus, "the airing of grievances" (troubleman unlimited)12. port o'brien, "all we could do was sing" (self released)13. fleet foxes, "fleet foxes" (subpop)14. the republic tigers, "keep color" (chop shop records)15. hawksley workman, "between the beautifuls" (universal)honorable mentions:frightened rabbit, "the midnight organ fight" (fat cat)



posted by cg @ 11:54 am  
      
         0 comments






monday, december 15, 2008



	 top ten concerts of 2008
    


the best shows i attended in 2008...1. jarvis cocker @ pitchfork music festival2. the swell season @ chicago theatre3. fujiya + miyagi @ mercury lounge4. the veils @ lakeshore theater5. the rumble strips @ redbull space (cmj)6. monotonix @ hideout block party7. the dodos @ bottom lounge8. eagle*seagull @ pianos (cmj)9. rufus wainwright @ the venue10. unicycle loves you @ hideout



posted by cg @ 1:31 pm  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, may 16, 2007



	 only son @ riviera 5/13/2007
    


jack dishel's biography reads like a great treatment for an indie film, from his family's migration from russia, to the adoption of the name jack from his childhood nickname of "jack the ripper", his adoration for heavy metal giving way to rap giving way to indie rock, to his residency playing guitar with cult icons the moldy peaches. this former graffiti artist turned musician, has been making noise by himself for the past few years under the moniker of only son.  his debut album the drop to the top was released last fall on cassette recordings, and he landed himself a top notch gig opening for regina spektor on her uk and american tours, which stopped off at the riviera this past sunday.i have to admit i was looking forward to his set on sunday, after listening to the drop to the top, this bender of an album clocking in at just over 34 minutes, is filled with some really great pop tunes, that skip from the upbeat to the melancholic, layered over drum machine/synth symphonies, with an acoustic guitar riffing right along. his lyrics are at times creative and funny, yet maintain a very elementary subtext and structure. overall, there is a great sense of creativity and self awareness, which proves for a very fine debut album.on stage: only son kept his set short and to the point, bringing to life his songs with the help of his ipod backing band, pre-recorded backing tracks that were pumped through the riv's sound system, as he sings and strums his acoustic guitar. in theory, the idea of being able to reproduce fuller sound without the weight of other band members and the mobility of pre-recorded mp3 tracks serving as accompaniment is definitely enticing, but in practice the majority of these attempts do the music an injustice. such is the case with only son, on cd dishel creates these little pop gems, but onstage this past sunday, it was somewhat disappointing. the audio levels sounded a bit off, causing the backing tracks to overpower dishel's guitar playing and causing him to push vocally as well. it made me wonder if only son, would benefit from the help a few friends backing him up instead or even a smaller venue. it was a valiant effort, but seemed out of place on the massive stage of the riv; this solo artist jamming out on an acoustic guitar with an ipod on a stool and an elaborate light show happening all around him. it was almost comical, perhaps this is the future of low maintance indie rock, technology is making it easier to ditch the full band. despite these minor qualms, dishel proved to be an interesting performer and showing a bit of his sense of humor, ending his set with an advertisement promoting the sale of his record after the show, in a creepy voice-over announcer voice. next time, he comes through let's hope he'll hit up one of our fine club venues and be sure check out the drop to the top it's worth a dedicated listen. check out the video for only son's "my museum"!you can sample more only son music on his myspace page.



posted by cg @ 11:08 am  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, may 08, 2007



	 video: fujiya & miyagi - "ankle injuries"
    


taking (a lot of) inspiration from michel gondry's white stripes video for "fell in love with a girl", fujiya & miyagi, the new wave 70's krautrock duo have released the video for their own personal anthem "ankle injuries", proving that is possible to create a catchy hook comprised of the chanting repetition of your band name. preview more music on their myspace page.



posted by cg @ 11:12 am  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, may 01, 2007



	 check 'em out: cake bake betty
    


there is a inescapable beauty and attraction to the sweet, bizarre music created by lindsay powell as cake bake betty. this multi-instrumentalist originally from new jersey, now resides in chicago via nashville and is part of the infinity cat collective, the micro-label created by jake and jamin orrall, who also now live in chicago and perform as jeff. (factoid: jamin was the original drummer of be your own pet.) if we're lucky, the boys will be backing up lindsay for her set at subterranean this saturday, when she peforms as a part of bandwidth.  lindsay is currently working on recording the follow-up album to her 2006 release songs about teeth,which not only delivers what it promises "teeth songs", it is also filledwith sad and delightful tracks about desperation, hope, spines, and cannibals. at the heart and soul of this album is lindsay's pianoplaying and elegant voice (think regina spektor), which she is notafraid of pushing to the limits, but with the help of some friends on cello, violin, mandolin, and drums the captivating sound of songs about teeth is achieved. she is armed to the teeth with an arsenal of quirky pop songs chock full of imaginative lyrics that we surely make you smile and squirm.here's the disturbingly, hilarious video for the catchy as hell song "64 little white things" enjoy!download: cake bake betty - "samo & grace"      -from songs about teeth (buy here)



posted by cg @ 11:18 am  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, april 03, 2007



	 video: bedroom walls - do the buildings and cops make you smile?
    


do the buildings and cops make you smile?an instructional video for the bedroom walls song "do the buildings and cops make you smile?" directed by christopher wilcha."sometimes you can feel sad but also feel a little happy, that's how this song makes me feel..." 



posted by cg @ 10:59 am  
      
         0 comments






monday, april 02, 2007



	 lineup announced for bandwidth | may 5th @ subt
    


radiofreechicago.org is proud to announce the lineup for the may edition of bandwidth, which will go down may 5th at subterranean! show information:may 5th, 2007subterranean | 2011 w. north ave. - chicago, ildoors at 9:30pm | show at 10pm18+ | tickets only $7 !!!www.subt.netthis exciting night will include performances by eagle*seagull, cake bake betty, the modern temper, & stiletto attack!so, mark your calendars and stay tuned for more announcements!the lineup:eagle*seagull (lincoln, nebraska)www.eagleseagull.com | myspace"headed by eli mardock, eagle*seagull comes across like a composite of numerous indie sounds – perhaps most directly a unique mixture of the cache of sub pop's canadian bands ( e.g, wolf parade, constantines) and saddle creek's more chilled outfits. yet, no band on either of those labels has much on es. it is fairly amazing that more hasn't been heard about this phenomenal act for lincoln. that should all change quite soon." -exoduster"i've already proclaimed that these swinging lincolnites as being nebraska's version of red-hot canadian "it" band the arcade fire. why? could be because eli mardock's breathy moan resembles af's win butler's, or that both bands have a penchant for jaunty non-traditional arrangements on a grand scale ("your beauty is a knife i turn on my throat" sounds like it came straight off funeral). still, the comparison ain't fair. too often e*s's debut veers headily away from af's bowie worship, especially on tracks like the momentous "lock and key," with its late-song waltz that creates a majesty uniquely its own. ambitious, and good too." - omaha readercake bake betty (chicago via nashville)cake bake betty myspaceyou'd have to get up pretty early in the morning to find an album of more alluring songs based around unusual themes than "songs about teeth". the musical vehicle of multi-instrumental new jersey songwriter lindsay powell, cake bake betty's album is an exercise in both the beautiful and the bizarre. inspired predominantly by old mariner songs, folk classics and blues standards amongst many other influences, the tracks have an off-kilter appeal and energy which most artists would struggle to replicate. as promised in the title, the record does indeed contain songs about teeth, as well as tackling issues of cannibalism, robots and pirates and comes from the lyrical left-field in a unique and sometimes disturbing way. the songs themselves are fragile, ethereal piano-led ballads and the record also utilises mournful strings and electronic flourishes, transporting the listener to strange new worlds with a lullaby-esque appeal. - supersweet ukthe modern temper (chicago, il)www.themoderntemper.com | myspace"here's a good example of a band -- in this case, chicago's modern temper -- displaying an influence without sounding anything like it. they're taking clear cues from the dismemberment plan, but making the source their own: the drums' pauses and gaps inject air into the track, which is dense with incandescent synth but never feels crowded, and the guitar chimes in to answer joel ebner's clear-eyed tenor vocal (full disclosure: ebner is a former p-fork staffer). the arson committed by the song's protagonist amounts to the literal destruction of a faltering relationship's physical vestiges, a would-be cleansing blaze that only causes more pain. this all adds up to a relaxed, mechanized breeze of a pop song about arson that feels earthier than it probably should." - pitchforkmedia.comthe modern temper - "started a fire"stiletto attack! (chicago, il)stiletto attack! myspace"aptly named, stiletto attack vocalist pj stiletto has one of those voices that cuts like a blade through the guitar and backing vocals of her bandmates, clear and precise, perhaps a little deadly. the mechanics of how these three ladies came together, they say, defies explanation. sa's bluesy, slightly southern-influenced rock and roll takes cues from cultural icons — they name jonbenet ramsey and matt dillion specifically — as well as other musical influences so diverse it's like they threw darts at the billboard chart. with stiletto attack enabling all of their members to write music with a unique collage of styles, they have the talent to take their act beyond chicago and the midwest. i'd like to see them do something less acoustic — just to see the turnout when pj ramps up the power and passion behind her voice." - chicago innerview



posted by cg @ 3:30 pm  
      
         0 comments






thursday, march 15, 2007



	 sxsw blues
    


feeling left out of the fun? everyone you know down in austin and you're stuck in chicago? these can be trying times. luckily, if you're up for the challenge there is plethora of good shows happening between now and by the time your friends get back to keep you busy and afoot. don't let your friends have all the bragging rights.here's your schedule (my preferences in bold):thursday, march 15: of montreal w/ walter meego and grand buffet at the metrodean and britta at schubasfriday, march 16: dean and britta at schubasthe slip w/ brighton, ma at the double doorsaturday, march 17: baby teeth w/ baby dayliner and the bitter tears at schubascasiotone for the painfully alone w/ barr at beat kitchensunday, march 18: the panda band w/ dave fischoff and slings & arrows at martyr'sloney, dear w/doleful lions at schubasmonday, march 19: booka shade at the funky buddhaall smiles w/ dappled cities fly at schubasdatarock at the empty bottletuesday, march 20: palomar w/ satellite 66 and winterpills at schubasmenomena w/ field music and land of talk at the empty bottlesee you on the floor!one more thing to keep you in the loop, check out this massive sxsw torrent (3 gigs of showcasing artists.)



posted by cg @ 10:22 am  
      
         3 comments






wednesday, march 14, 2007



	 the panda band @ martyrs' march 18th
    


 on sunday, march 18th, the panda band will make their way from sxsw to chicago to headline a show at martyrs' curated by the mary-arrchie theatre co. this will be the panda band's first chicago stop before heading to ny and then on to an australian tour with gomez. they have drawn comparisons to the flaming lips, arcade fire, the beatles and their music is quite infectious. also, playing will be chicago's own slings & arrows, whose recent ep animal grammar includes some of best songs of the year. solo artist, dave fischoff, the electronic cut and paste mastermind akin to the postal service will open up the night backed by a full band! all this for only $10! show starts at 9pm and is a 21 and over event.mary-arrchie theatre co is a non-profit theatre that has been a staple of the chicago theater scene since 1986, best known for their gritty, stellar ensemble acting and daring staging. each year they celebrate the spirit of woodstock with their annual abbie hoffman died for our sins festival, a three-day virtually non-stop marathon of theatre, music, performance art, and spontaneity.the panda band:  "a surreal, swirling and eclectic mix of instrumentation and melodies. flaming lips and modest mouse eccentricity blended with the classic harmonies and quirk of sgt peppers-era beatles". (rolling stone magazine named as #1 in top 10 artists to watch)rfc interview with the panda band!download: the panda band - "eyelashes"slings & arrows: "weaving sweeping dramatic gestures with quiet, delicately composed moments of tranquility, there's something stately and mannered about their precision. warped, blurry guitars nestle in a dreamy, psychedelic haze, and the layered instruments swirl together with henry brown's low-slung drawl." (ie)rfc podcast with slings & arrows here!download: slings & arrows - "my amelia"dave fischoff: "indie solo acts tossing around electronica samples can seem like a dime a dozen, but thankfully, chicago's dave fischoff reels in a fresh catch on the crawl. fischoff fashions a hefty musical composite, drawing upon the likes of the beach boys and burt bacharach, whose bouncy '60s pop sounds fuel fischoff's imagination into fluttering melodies. add a splash of some of the postal service's chunkier electronica elements, and you've found yourself in fischoff's whimsical world." - (spin.com)preview dave fischoff's the crawl heredownload: dave fischoff - "landscape skin" 



posted by cg @ 3:57 pm  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, march 13, 2007



	 video: the veils - advice for young mothers to be
    


this song is spectacular.find out what happens when metaphorically birthed babies take over your video set. is it nap time yet?



posted by cg @ 3:53 pm  
      
         1 comments






monday, march 12, 2007



	 check 'em out: baby teeth
    


 chicago's friendly melody makers, baby teeth are releasing a new album tomorrow, march 13th on lujo records. they have an upcoming cd release party at schubas on march 17th.  in the spirit of this celebration, they are giving away a free mp3 only ep entitled we live here. check it out in it's entirety:download:1. baby teeth - bad weather [featuring kelly hogan]2. baby teeth - saint james infirmary/six foot one3. baby teeth - fool for you4. baby teeth - sarah [featuring bobby conn]



posted by cg @ 9:42 am  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, march 06, 2007



	 video: i was a cub scout - "pink squares"
    


fun with construction paper.



posted by cg @ 8:09 am  
      
         0 comments






monday, march 05, 2007



	 check 'em out: dave fischoff
    


dave fischoff is an immensely creative composer of electronic, hip hop fused pop symphonies, armed with an arsenal of various audio clips culled from the chicago public library. his inventive compositions pull influences from boards of canada, postal service with the pop sensibilities of the beach boys and the girl talk cut-n-paste method of sonic layering. his recent release the crawl has received much deserved praise and is available now on secretly canadian.  you can stream his whole album on his  website. you can check him out live at martyrs' on march 18th. download: dave fischoff - "landscape skin"download: dave fischoff -"ghost of an afternoon"



posted by cg @ 10:51 am  
      
         0 comments






thursday, february 22, 2007



	 interview: let's get out of this terrible sandwich shop
    


finally, in our series of bandwidth previews, we have an interview with thea lux of let's get out of this terrible sandwich shop, a band whose name is definitely a mouthful has seen the best and worst band name lists. but, it is their quirky sense of humor and musical sensibilities that have garnered them much praise on the local scene, including a recent critic's choice nod in the chicago reader as well as a guarantee from alan of the bitter tears, that they will "take over chicago." there is no band in chicago that can compose witty and entertaining songs about bike lanes, hatchets, and sandwiches quite like let's get out of this terrible sandwich shop.can you introduce the band? how did you all get together? i see there's a new "employee", would you like to introduce him?that's the manager of the shop, tony mendoza, on drums/farfisa. part-time employee joanna buese on bass over there.  and tom vale, the new guy, handles the hot sandwich hot line and any instrument that needs playing.  my name is thea.  i mop.tony opened up his establishment asked joanna and me to help out around the shop in april of 2005.  before that, he played farfisa and drums simultaneously and was truly a one-man-band.  with joanna and i lending our skills and hot legs, the three-piece became chicago's one-man-band-with-people. tom applied for employment over the summer of 2006, and we forged ahead as chicago's premiere band-with-people.so, what's the deal with the sandwich shop? how did the idea get going and where did the name come from?what's the deal with the sandwich shop?  on tuesday we sell the bootleg beef for half-price and the mountain melt is generally only $2.99 (providing the mountain mutton is in season.)  other than that, we tend to meld scary comedy and rock n' roll in our performances. the songs aren't necessarily intended to be big brew-ha-ha humor ha ha's, but we all have extensive backgrounds in comedy, so there's bound to be a smirk in the song here and there.  we do the occasional bit between songs, emote child-like energy, and just try to have fun about it.and thank you for mentioning the van.  the name was created in one of those kind of vehicles while tony and joanna were in their former band, los shut up with chris churchill.  brainstorming album names, "let's get out of this terrible sandwich shop" was mentioned.  it got a laugh but wasn't used, so tony pocketed the name in his his brain for later adventures.how's the cat today?he's a little under the weather, but thank you for asking.for the most part, you are all active in the theatre/improv community, how do you spend your time outside the shop?tony is a teacher and ensemble member at the annoyance, and just opened a new show called "arm soup," which he musically directed with music.  joanna is an artist and draws wonderful sketches and performs the improvised-funny with sirens improv.  tom composes music with stephanie from local chicago band, jupiter.  i write things and play some tunes of my own under the name "sometimes you're pretty," and perform at the annoyance.where do you find inspirations for your song? how do approach the songwriting process?tony and i are the main songwriters in the band. i generally pull from heartbreak and just pile on a shit ton (different from metric) of harmony so it doesn't come off as just another heartbreak song. lyrics and music come out all at once for me. tony's songwriting process starts as chord structures with lyrics to follow later.  and change.  and evolve, and change some more, until about a year later the lyrics are solidified. tony gets his inspiration from his creative brain that tends to look at things wonderfully sideways.  i don't know what that means, but his song topics range from road trips to sports stars to personal loves and hates.  oh, he writes songs about the desert a lot.  a few years living in palm springs will have quite an effect on one's writing.i like talking about another person's songwriting.  i feel like i could say that tony gets all his inspiration from spaghetti if i wanted to, but i worry he'd make me make me do an extra round of the mopping.who influences you musically or otherwise?"thrill cam"-era david letterman, beach boys, elvis, danzig/the misfits, steve martin, the breeders...i'm sure we listed something on dumb myspace that answers this question.what are the future plans for the sandwich shop? anything you'd like to accomplish this year?we're mixing our new, full-length album that's being recorded by the wonderful greg norman.  we'll be putting that out this summer-ish as well as doing a few weekend invasions of rock to neighboring cities. we'd also like to put out a split 7"  this year with our label mates, the bitter tears.  we'll be on the a side.  or the b side.  it depends on which side you listen to first.what can the bandwidth audience expect from your set on thursday?energy, a guitar solo, some stupid comedy, and colorful costumes.what is you favorite part about chicago?artistic freedom in comedy?  summer street fests?   bike lanes?  wings at the horseshoe?  i don't know.  i'll just say "spaghetti" again.who are you listening to right now?i'd say the bitter tears is a staple in all of our lives and musical practices.download: let's get out of this terrible sandwich shop - "hatchet"download: let's get out of this terrible sandwich shop - "bye you" 



posted by cg @ 9:17 am  
      
         0 comments






monday, february 19, 2007



	 interview: rivulets
    


there is an enchanting elegance to the dark, delicate compositions that nathan amundson weaves together as singer/songwriter of rivulets. his most recent record, you are my home (important), which was recorded in chicago by bob weston (shellac, mission of burma) features a plethora of guest collaborators and is the perfect soundtrack for a winter "l" ride around the loop or a midnight walk down the street where your ex resides. nathan experiments with a gamut of emotions in both lyric and orchestration from the drifting melacholy stemming from the torment of a broken heart to the subtle, uplifting instrumentation that is almost filmic in its arrangement. we had a chance to catch up with nathan before he heads up to chicago for a headlining spot at subt on thursday, february 22nd, as a part of bandwidth.so, rivulets is basically your solo creations with guest artists, who areyou playing with these days? what will be your upcoming setup on the 22nd?it varies on where we're playing or what kind of record i want tomake, but on the 22nd it will be me on vocals and acoustic guitar, michaelanderson (drekka, turn pale) on electric guitar, and nathan vollmar (vollmar, half-handed cloud) on drums.you've worked with many different people in the past, have there beenany collaborations that you found especially fruitful?i know it sounds corny, but all of them.  i choose collaboratorsbecause i already have an admiration and respect for what they'redoing, so getting to work with them and learn from how they approachmy songs is fruitful.how do you spend the better half of your days when you are not playing music?i watch a lot of movies.  i walk a few miles a day.you are my home is wonderful collection of moving and somber compositions for the forlorn. did any thing inpsire you in making this album?yes.  it's all in the songs. (listen to samples from you are my home)on the record, i enjoy hearing the sound of your fingers sliding on the strings between chords, especially prevalent on the opening track "glass houses", was it's presence intentional?i really don't know how people mic acoustic guitars without gettingthat sound.  i guess they don't, they have a pickup installed and plugit in.  that's just how it sounds when someone plays a guitar.  maybeother people would try to clean it up, but it never seemed to me likea sound to be avoided.i think that's why it stood out me, the fact that some artists try to clean it up or use a pick up, when playing acoustic. hearing it on your recording added another dimension for me, it felt visceral and appropriate to your sound.how was it recording with bob weston?recording with bob was one of the best weeks of my life.  he's just agreat guy, and he knows his stuff.  he would continually come up withthese parts "oh yeah, last night after you left i put down this bassline..." that would be exactly what i had in mind, but he'd be therebefore i ever said it.how do you approach the songwriting process?i don't really think i approach it.  it just sort of jumps on me and needs to be done.who influences you musically and otherwise?man, everybody and everything...  there's no way to answer this question.what's in store for rivulets this year?we're touring europe in may and i'm hoping to gain entry withouthassle.  that's pretty much my main worry at this point.  not being detained in customs again.what can the bandwidth audience expect from your set on thursday?some rivulets songs.  we'll be happy to be there.you've spent some quality time in chicago. what is you favorite partabout chicago? anything you miss?there are so many vegetarian food options.  i miss rogers park, where it wasquieter but still the city.  actually, the area around the subterraneantoo, i lived there while recording "you are my home" and it's crazybut was a good distraction at the time.finally, who are you listening to these days?the complete verve studio master takes by billie holiday.  it's thelater years.  i like her voice best then, and they were giving hergood songs to sing.  it's 6 cds of the best singer singing the bestsongs with the best musicians.  it's flawless.i have that box set as well, it is perfection. thanks for your time, nathan!also, be sure to tune into a special radio preview of rivulets when they hit the wnur studio for a live on-air "airplay" session on 2/22 at 4pm! tune into 89.3fm or listen on the web at www.wnur.org!!download: rivulets - "cutter"  (debridement lp)



posted by cg @ 1:36 am  
      
         0 comments














audio stream

(thanks,streampad!)

links to music blogs

 radio-free chicago
kirstiecat
skint
rory o'connor
perfect face for radio
are you familiar?
brooklyn vegan
cable & tweed
chromewaves
ghostmedia
gorilla vs. bear
the hype machine
loose record
more cowbell
the owl & the bear
rock.paper.pixels.
said the gramophone
scenestars
stereogum
theft liable to prosecution
tiny mix tapes
(((withoutsound)))
you aint no picasso

flickr archives


links to radio
futureperfectradio
woxy
wluw
kexp




links to chicago music venues
beat kitchen
subterranean
schubas
empty bottle
metro
double door
logan square auditorium
abbey pub
martyr's
elbo room
south union arts
kinetic playground

links to other music sites
chicago innerview
daytrotter
pitchfork media
pop matters
drowned in sound
outer sound
fab channel
sound opinions
insound
now on tour
pollstar

links to other souls
mary-arrchie theatre
 lost in absentia
stray dog collective
k-jackson 5
consum-a-tron
chicagoist
gapers block






previous posts

a thousand ears : a new blog
best albums of 2008
top ten concerts of 2008
only son @ riviera 5/13/2007
video: fujiya & miyagi - "ankle injuries"
check 'em out: cake bake betty
video: bedroom walls - do the buildings and cops m...
lineup announced for bandwidth | may 5th @ subt
sxsw blues
the panda band @ martyrs' march 18th

archives

december 2002
january 2003
july 2003
december 2003
april 2004
may 2004
october 2004
january 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
december 2008
january 2009

recommended albums

















 





