

 earth friendly products - green shopping






companies & productsair purificationaromatherapybabiesbeddingbirdingbody carebooksbusiness opportunitiesbusiness-to-businesscampingcataloguesclassifiedscleaning productsclothingcomputer productsconstructionconsultantscraftseco kidseco traveleducationenergy conservationenergy efficient homesengineeringfitness/yogaflowersfoodsfootwearfurnituregardengiftshardwarehempherbshouseholdindustryinvestmentsjewelrylightingmagazinesmusicnatural healthnatural pest controlnew ageofficeoutdoorspaperpetspromotional resourcesrecycledsafe environmentsseeking capitalshelterssolar/windtoystransportationvideosvitaminswaterweatherwholesalewoodhow to advertisein-house resourceswhat's newactivism alertsdaily eco newsgreen living magazinelocal resources databaseask the expertseco chatroomeco forumsarticleseco quotesinterviews and speechesnon-profit groupseco linkseco cartoonskids linksrenewable energygovernment/educationveggie restaurantseco audio/videoeventscommunicationswhat people are sayingaccoladesawardse-mailmailing list   air  purification  aromatherapy  babies  bedding  birding  body  care books  business  opportunities  business to-business  camping  catalogues  classifieds  cleaning  products clothing  computer  products construction consultants  crafts  eco  kids  eco  travel  education  energy conservation energy  efficient  homes  engineering  fitness yoga  flowers  foods  footwear  furniture  garden  gifts  hardware hemp  herbs  household  industry  investments  jewelry  lighting magazines  music  natural  health   pest  control  new age  office  outdoors  paper  pets  promotional recycled  safe  environments  seeking  capital  shelters  solar wind  toys  transportation  videos  vitamins  water  weather wholesale wood  advertise  updated daily! what's  newactivism  alerts eco  newsresourcesask  the  experts chatforumsarticleseco  quotesinterviews non-profiteco  linkskids  linksrenewable  energygovernmentveggie  restaurantsvideoeventscommunicationswhat  people  are sayingaccoladesawardse-mailmailing list 
to be featured at the ecomall, 

click here. we will work with you to customize a program that suits your budget and needs.


 
 
ecomall taking green shopping mainstream  
shop-cruelty-free
 

 shopping green  is the "right" thing to do
 

we all have to do our part to save the planet because it’s our home

 
eco-conscious shoppers - support a healthier, more sustainable, and earth-friendly future by shopping at the ecomall
 
ecomall promotes environmental health for people and the planet

 put your money where your heart is feel good and do good with what you buy standing up for the planet  environmentally-conscious consumersshopping has a enormous impact on the environment! ecomall: savvy eco-shoppers - shopping for a sustainable world



 
promoting ecological civilization
founded in 1994 by a diverse team of professionals committed to protecting the environment, the ecomall is dedicated to educating and helping consumers achieve power over their online spending dollars. passionately committed to integrating environmental awareness into daily decision-making at all levels, personal, professional and public, the ecomall seeks to help consumers exercise their pocketbooks to contribute to a healthier, more sustainable and earth-friendly future.since its launch 30 years ago, the ecomall has provided educational articles, a comprehensive selection of environmental companies, products and services, exclusive interviews with celebrities and more. the ecomall offers a voice to america's sustainable business industry, featuring over 200 retailers and wholesalers in over 70 shopping categories, links to government education, non-profit groups, environmental news, activism alerts, as well as the ecomall's popular "green living magazine".conscious consumers can find the natural and organic products they desire at the ecomall. "green" has become "mainstream". the national marketing institute estimates that consumers with environmental concerns represent more than $230 billion in spending power. today green living is more important than ever. help reduce your eco footprint on our planet. we all have an impact on the earth - an ecological footprint left behind by our activities and consumption habits. shopping with the planet in mind can make a big difference in many ways. collectively, we can reward environmentally responsible practices, discourage waste, help close the recycling loop and reduce the amount of toxic materials entering our ecosystems. 
 "climate change does not respect borders: it does not respect who you are - rich and poor, small and big."  - ban ki-moon, former un secretary-general


“the ethical consumer”buying products and services that don't harm the environment is one of the most powerful choices a consumer can make.organic, natural products promote the health and wellness of our body and world.  help reduce our environmental footprint eco-shopping support a more sustainable futureenvironmentally preferable products are generally:• less toxic• minimally polluting• more energy efficient• safer and healthier for patients, workers, and the environment• higher in recycled content• packed in less packaging material buying online has been demonstrated to have a smaller environmental footprint.  we are proud to be part of the effort to keep our environment safer and greener. thank you for supporting a kinder, healthier, and more sustainable world. "it's up to us to save the world for tomorrow: it's up to you and me." - jane goodall
 
ecomall for a sustainable future   disclaimerthe ecomalltm name and logo are registered trademarks of ecology america, inc. no portion of this publication may be distributed, printed, or otherwise reproduced without permission. ©1994-2025. all rights reserved. ecomall, solar , hemp, organic, naturalenvironment, environmental natural. 
