




  






home - bay area chamber of commerce, mi

































































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events
































member login









contact us









join!




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events
































member login









contact us









join!














home

award nominations

2025 award nominations



chamber

about us
board of directors
chamber news
hey, bay city rfp
policy positions
ribbon cutting ceremony application
staff



bay city bridges

bridge information
timeline of events
tolls


directory

events

chamber events
member events
submit an event



live & work

hey, bay city! 
demographics
economic development
history
about bay county
live, work & play



members

hot deals
join
member benefits
member directory
member login
member map
member news



programs 

ambassador club
energize ypn
leadership bay county
lunch & learn
minority business partnership
national civics bee
noon networking



sponsorship 

2025 sponsorship sourcebook



what's new

newsletter archive
job postings
newsletter signup


contact us










































                                                    join us
                                                

                                                    discover why over 700 organizations have joined and become a part of the moving force to improve the economic climate, business environment and quality of living in the bay area and great lakes bay region.
                                                

become a member

























welcome to the bay area chamber!
since 1882, the bay area chamber of commerce has been the premier business leadership organization providing cutting-edge, value-added services to all members of the bay area business community, including the great lakes bay region.  we serve as an ambassador and a liaison between business and other sectors of the bay area.












directory







events







jobs







news







hot deals



























mark your calendar



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.














view all events »












































learn more


















join the chamber




discover why nearly 800 organizations have joined and become a part of the moving force to improve the economic climate, business environment and quality of living in the bay area and great lakes bay region.
read more »















live, work & play here




bay county is located 100 miles north of detroit, at the south end of saginaw bay on lake huron and is an integral part of the great lakes bay region of the lower peninsula of michigan close to the city, the country, the woods and the lakes.
read more »














get involved



membership in the bay area chamber of commerce doesn't cost...it pays!
take advantage of everything the chamber has to offer. attend events so you are able to be a referral and make referrals to consumers in your professional and personal life. building quality relationships is key to the success of your business.
numerous volunteer opportunities exist for interested chamber members to serve on committees and work groups.
for more information on how you can get involved contact the bay area chamber of commerce at (989) 893-4567.




































newsletter sign-up




 





























































 
 
thank you to our sponsors: 























































































people. partnerships. progress.








































 bay area chamber of commerce

  812 n. water street, bay city, mi 48708

  989. 893.4567

  chamber@baycityarea.com













































© copyright 2025 bay area chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.

















 


