






farm-proven corn & soybean products | latham hi-tech seeds








































































































































































							(641) 692-3258
						




search for:

















search

homeproductscornsoybeansalfalfacorn silageseed guideperformancefind a repmediablogvideospodcastsnewsletterabout uscompany historyour missioncareersbecome a repsowing seeds of hopecontact us













latham hi‑tech seeds

family-owned service.farm-proven products.
since 1947, the latham family name has stood for the latest genetics and highest quality seed. committed to helping farmers grow their legacies while keeping rural communities strong, latham seeds markets its products through a local farmer-dealer network.








products
our seed products are designed for you.
latham seeds has one of the broadest portfolios in the industry. we offer the best options for your acres — right where you need them.









explore
corn 









explore
soybeans 









explore
alfalfa 









explore
corn silage 









our performance
proof is in the performance. our products are engineered just for you. see how they perform in your area.

view trial results 







connect with a latham seed rep
give us a call today
 641-900-6278



send us a message
interested in a personalized consultation with a latham seed representative? fill out the form, and we’ll be in touch with you!


first name:(required)last name:(required)phone (optional)email(required)

address(required)


city


state



(this will help us match you to the nearest latham sales representative for follow up)
messagecaptchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 confirm


















about latham hi‑tech seeds
we build our business on the foundation willard latham started more than 75 years ago, with a commitment to personal service, tailored solutions, and the same spirit of families helping families.

who we are






read what our customers are saying


“we have a lot of favorite products, but 4450 is one that can get you where you need to be. even if you have a variable field with good acres or poor acres, it gives you the best of both worlds. it’s not your flashiest corn, but you don’t have to worry about it because it’s so flexible.”
jake rinkewheaton, minnesota


“as a third-generation latham® dealer, we have a lot of history and mutual respect between our families. latham’s maturities fit perfectly in the sweet spot of where we grow. the varieties have always been super robust, with excellent quality, and always perform well on our farms — which is why we started a dealership and have remained long-term partners with latham over the years. i don’t think there are more honest or approachable people to work with than the lathams.”
landon aldingeriowa falls, iowa


“i’m old school. i like working with family-owned companies where i can walk straight up to the top executives if i have a question – and they’ll not only answer me, they know me.
having an experienced product team right there for me to talk to is huge, too. they’re selecting hybrids and varieties that fit my area, and that’s important for my business.”
ramon kuntzgrafton, iowa








we’re your trusted agronomy advisor
explore articles from the agronomy experts at latham seeds.

read more 







sowing seeds of hope
latham seeds to raise $75,000 for the american cancer society.

support cancer research 





become a part of latham
latham seeds is hiring! find your fit with us.

work at latham 









let’s talk!

reach out to us 












latham hi‑tech seeds



131 180th street | alexander, ia 50420
(641) 692-3258
























signup for our newsletter 





contact
legal
dealer center
seedware login
latham gear




© 2024 latham hi‑tech seeds. all rights reserved. | iowa web design by webspec | privacy policy

        latham® hi-tech seeds is a trademark of m.s. technologies, l.l.c., 103 avenue d, west point, ia 52656.
    





















