




impeach george bush!!






just venting

















 



recent posts
long time no write
it's been a while
where i've been
hello
hello
fever
i am a student...
sick kid
some wedding pics
scanning


archives 
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
november 2007
march 2008







just venting



monday, march 31, 2008

long time no write
wow its been forever since i was here last.  life is still just as mundane as ever. i didnt get into the nursing program i applied to and i am kind of bummed about that.  but i am looking on the bright side and seeing it as a well deserved break from school until next year when i can apply again. (and to more schools). work is going well.  i am on days, 1st shift (but not as early as i used to!)  i applied for my certification (for phlebotomy) so maybe that may pay off one day.  school is almost over, thank god.  i need that break pretty bad.  i am getting pretty burned out.i am also sick again.  this would be the 4th time in 4 months i have strep thoat/tonsilitus.  it sucks.  i  am thinking of having my doctor refer me to an ent to check out my tonsils.  i hate being sick with this crap - its extra sucky.  anyway, thats all i got.  i think i am going to bed.thank god i have tomorrow off.

 kristie ::
	10:26 pm ::
 
         11 comments






   post a comment

---------------ooo---------------
sunday, november 04, 2007

it's been a while
wow, its been a little while since i was last here huh?  of course, besides my uncle bob i dont think anyone really reads this anymore... (hi uncle bob! -hey see that link that says "comment" - click it and leave me a comment!!!)anyway.  so much is going on.  my sister anna got married, i went on my cruise with the boyfriend, i am moving out this month...i wish i had time for details, but i just dont.  i can tell you that the wedding was super fun and went off with out a hitch.  my cruise was awesome.  me and joe had a spectacular time and got alot talked about regarding our relationship and the direction it is going to be going in.  i found  a little house to rent and am moving out sometime this month.  i am so excited about that! well, i have more homework to do, so that is all for now.

 kristie ::
	3:34 pm ::
 
         1 comments






   post a comment

---------------ooo---------------
wednesday, september 05, 2007

where i've been
hello.  i know, i know, i keep saying i am going to start writing again, but lets face it...i'm not.  i want to, i really do, i just don't have the time anymore.  or rather, i can't justify the time anymore.  i need to be spending most of my available free time on my studies or with my kid.  those are the 2 more important things right now and i dont want to jeopardize them in any way. so, when i have had time lately, instead of logging on to blogger, i have been logging on to my classes website and reading the supplemental information, or doing the homework that is assigned, but not turned in, or reviewing the last few days of lecture notes...you get it. anyway, things are going good, so thats nice.  anna's wedding is coming up and that means my cruise is coming up and i cant wait!!  that's gonna rock.  of course, it will suck missing a full week of school, but i somehow feel it will be well worth the extra work when i return.  ;)well, it's off to shower and get ready for bed.  i've got class in the am.  night night.

 kristie ::
	9:53 pm ::
 
         2 comments






   post a comment

---------------ooo---------------
thursday, august 09, 2007

hello
how is it going?  i am never here anymore, i know.  i wonder who the few readers are who still stop by...  it's funny, i have more time, technically, to write this, but it's during the day when my very active 3 year old is home.  and he just doesnt understand when mommy says she cant play because she has to blog.  blog? what is that? does it involve trucks or dirt or dinosaurs?   and since it doesnt involve any of those things nor will i let him type (i am still missing my "shift" key) he has no patience for me on the computer.  and when a 3 year old loses his patience it is a very noisy ordeal. and now that my dad works from home and is always on the phone and his office is right off the kitchen, we cant be having that.  so usually i dont even try. besides, i really dont have much to write about.  just the same ole same ole.  nothing very exciting.  i am getting ready for school to start in 2 weeks, adjusting to my new work schedule and trying to figure out the meaning of life.  not much really to say.  although, next week i am taking a mini-vacation to tampa so i can see a concert so that should be fun.  the 2 1/2 hour drive wont be, but everything else will be.  i am looking forward to it.  i find it amazing all the fees and crap ticketmaster tacks on to the price of a ticket tho.  unreal.  2 $10 lawn tickets turned into a total of $45 with everything.  ugh. my son has begun to really sing along to his laurie berkner band dvd (and cd) and it is so cute.  i love it.  he wont do it always if i am in the room with him, but as long as he doesnt think i am watching he will really get into it.  if he sees me watching, he will tell me to go and sit down somewhere else or tell me to read or color or something so that i am otherwise occupied.  it's adorable.  of course its not adorable when he wont eat his lunch or be pleasant in anyway like he is  today.  argh.  he has started doing this whiny-the-world-is-ending freak out thing and it is very much not cool. well, i have to go pick up the dog from the groomers, we just shaved off all his courage.  (the shorter his hair, the wimpier he is!)

 kristie ::
	1:41 pm ::
 
         1 comments






   post a comment

---------------ooo---------------



author


name::kristie
from::

view my complete profile

email me!

just.venting@gmail.com




my reads

because i'm your father
the blogfathers
blurbomat
buon appetito!
child's play x2
dooce
dad gone mad
dadcentric
enter the laughter
fallenmonk
feministe
the hygeine chronicles
impeach bush coalition
laid-off dad
metrodad
molly saves the day
morphing into mama
old horsetail snake
pen and sword
post secret
the reign of ellen
rockstar mommy
rude cactus
saurly yours
so the fish said
tan lucy pez
waiter rant
weilding a sword

read marti's book online! (marti's the funny author of enter the laughter)


 spare



this work is licensed under a creative commons attribution 2.5 license.











 tags



 blogging chicks
 blogging chicks
click here to join


 links

adagio tea
stuff on my cat

 credits

template by caz
powered by: blogger














