




alaska association of student government











































skip to content

















home
aboutexpand


executive board
advisors
map of regions


photos
 



contact us















membership
conferencesexpand


fall conference
spring conference
nat. & reg. conferences


conference tools
handbook
resolutions
definitions
 





































menu
toggle menu


























 
spring conferenceour 2025 spring conference will be held on april 24-26 in sitka, alaska. learn more »
fall conferenceour 2023 fall conference was held at at west valley high school in fairbanks, alaska. learn more »
national and regional conferencesnational and regional conferences. you could go to nasc next year. learn more »
 







purpose of the association
the purpose of the alaska association of student government (aasg) is to provide leadership training, communication, and a student voice of issues at the local, state and national levels. aasg holds two statewide conferences each year, one in the spring and one in the fall. each are hosted by various member schools. during these three-day conferences, delegates from member schools attend general business meetings where issue related resolutions are introduced, debated and voted on by the delegation. aasg also sends a student delegation to national association of student councils (nasc) conferences each year. 
more about us




conference opportunities





2024 fall conference
the 2024 fall conference was held at on october 11-13 at delta junction h.s.
learn more



2025 spring conference
the 2025 spring conference will be held on april 24-26 in sitka alaska.
learn more



nat. & reg. conferences
the nasc conference showcases outstanding international speakers.
learn more







executive board
the aasg executive board is entirely made up of students from all over alaska. officers are either elected by the general assembly or by their region, or selected by an interview process. many positions are eagerly contested at both the fall and spring conferences. all aasg executive board members are required to maintain tad and grade eligibility in accordance with asaa guidelines.
executive board information











future conferences
we are looking for conference hosts for fall 2025 & spring 2026!
past conference hosts karli rauchenstein and robin lockwood (wasilla high), danielle lewis (eagle river high), elizabeth bender and lindsey glenn (kodiak high), barbara jackson (mat-su career tech), vivian meyer (skagway) and kassandra mirosh (tri-valley) are available to lend support and guidance in your decision to become a conference host school. host schools will also have the support of the aasg executive board and our parent organization, the alaska school activities association. please go to the conference tools page for the application forms to host an aasg statewide conference.
host a conference application






general info
homeabout usmembershipphotoscontact us


conference info
fall conferencespring conferencenat. & reg. conferenceconference toolseligibility


documents
handbookconstitution & bylawscode of conductonline code of conductresolutions


forms & applications
travel scholarshipstudent council of excellencestudent council leader of the yearadvisor of the yearmedia release form












copyright © 2025 alaska association of student government. all rights reserved.
supported and sponsored by the alaska school activities association.
 























home
about
photo gallery
membership
conferences
conference tools
handbook
resolutions
definitions
 










