



home










































get in on the fun!


























creating stitching adventuressince 2002!


























home




news roomupdated 9/7/24.












new label:


                                                    upcoming retreats:spool of stitches class featuring dawn fisher of morning glory needleworks!
update: class is rescheduled to february 17 & 18,  2025  in sturbridge, ma.  this class will be held monday & tuesday in tandem with winter escape 2025.registration is open making memories in mystic 2024!december 5, 6,  & 7, 2024mystic hampton inn & suites, mystic, ctthree days and nights of stitching delight!  a special holiday treat! registration is open!!
winter escape 2025!february 17-21, 2025  in sturbridge, ma. two to five days and nights of stitching delight! registration is now open!!




complimentary charts




fun reportsread about past retreats!




our favorite links




paypal instructions




shelter project




contact information






 
 






















you just never know who’ll show up at astitcher’s hideaway retreat!!
stitcher's hideaway needlework retreats are fun-filled events held in new england locations.  we bring in nationally known designers who will challenge you with their projects, provide tips for better stitching, and share their knowledge of needlework history.  
some retreats, such as the annual winter escape, have no instructor, but instead are an opportunity to get together with other stitchers to work on the projects of their own choosing while enjoying wonderful meals, stash enhancement, and great company!
stitcher’s hideaway retreats offer a cozy, fun, laid back environment where all stitchers are together throughout the event.   they are so welcoming that a stitcher can come to a retreat alone, feel comfortable, and leave with new-found friends. 
stitcher’s hideaway was created by sue donnelly, a completely addicted stitcher who just couldn’t get enough of stitching and hanging out with other stitchers!  sue  longed for stitching retreats in her area.  one day it occurred to her that she could run them herself and bring the designers to new england.   she also recognized a fantastic opportunity to support needlework shops by inviting them to set up shop at the retreats.  that gave the stitchers and shop owners a wonderful environment to enjoy getting to know each other.  the retreats have been ideal for providing extended time with the designers, too.  it’s fun getting to know the designers personally, hearing how they began designing, and learning from them.
after 16 years of running these fun-filled retreats and approaching retirement age, sue has now taken on a partner in jen cane, who will eventually run the retreats herself!  jen has been assisting sue for years behind the scenes, but one day sue will be assisting her!
follow the links to your left to catch up on the latest developments in the news room, and visit each retreat link for all the details pertaining to that retreat.  be sure to visit the fun reports to read about past retreats, including comments from the participants.   our favorite links has a list of featured needlework shops and our wonderful donors.
if you’d like to be notified by e-mail of future retreats, contact stitcher’s hideaway and ask to be added to the mailing list.      
 






xx
get in on the fun!    
















stitcher’s hideaway®, 9 edith road, vernon, ct 06066©2002-2020 stitcher's hideaway, l.l.c./ all rights reserved 






