










upc barcode tutorial: process overview - us barcode authority














































 













 skip to main content skip to primary sidebar skip to footerapply for barcodes
gs1 upc faq’s
gs1
bar code graphics
contact us
us barcode authoritysupport@barcode-us.com888.540.6885
upc barcode tutorial: process overview


 
this tutorial website will help you understand the significance of a brand-licensed u.p.c. company prefix (gtins)  and how to create upc barcodes.
obtaining and implementing upc barcodes is an easy five-step process:













































at the end of this overview tutorial, you will be automatically directed to begin the process of obtaining upc barcodes correctly licensed to your company. 
 
go to step 1: estimate how many barcodes
 
with your company’s success on the line, it is important to properly identify your products. upc barcode errors can be quite costly if not correctly implemented.  
barcode us is the authority on upc implementation and barcode creation. the gs1 global standards organization solely licenses prefixes/gtins and provides optional paid educational classes. the gs1 barcode service includes precise digital barcode files (.eps) and an assigned certified consultant to assist with every step. please contact us at 888.540.6885 or chat with us online.
we are here to help. if you would like to set up a call with a consultant for assistance, please use the button below.

click here to schedule a complimentary 15 minute call



why barcode us?

















enbable your products for success
gtins and upc barcodes act as digital fingerprints for your items and locations, providing trading partners the assurance that your products are uniquely identified across the supply chain. barcode us enables you to identify your products correctly the first time!
the power of upc barcodes
since the early 1970s, upc barcodes have been used in brick-and-mortar establishments for various transactions. from supermarkets to general retail, they are employed in everything. whether your product is being sold in-store or online, a upc barcode is essential given the surge in online e-commerce from major players like amazon and walmart.small and large businesses can sell their products thanks to a upc barcode; barcodes are used on common items including food, coffee, household goods, and clothing. to help companies reach their objectives and scale their growth,  authentic upc barcodes from barcode us enable companies to market their goods internationally.
primary sidebarupc codes
determining number of barcodes needed
gs1 single gtin (upc) barcodes
top barcode misconceptions
discounted upc limitations
gs1 upc tutorial videos
gs1 digital link
barcodes being rejected by amazon
apply for authentic gs1 barcodes

outdated & inaccurate upc product data: what it’s really costing you
navigating gtin changes
the role of upcs in small business success
gs1 us celebrates 50-year barcode ‘scanniversary’ 











footerservices
www.gtin.cloud
www.isbn-us.com
www.barcode-us.com
www.barcode.graphics
www.createbarcodes.com

information
www.gtin.info
www.gs1-128.info
www.databar-barcode.info
www.epc-rfid.info
www.isbn-13.info

 
barcode us

									333 n. michigan avenue
									suite #1114
                   888.540.6885
www.barcode-us.com







© 2025
 bar code graphics, inc. | privacy policy
bar code graphics, inc. is not affiliated, sponsored, or endorsed by gs1 us.

 





 

























