










rj stuart computer services






 
rj stuart computer services












we will never 
			forget
			9/11/01


we are 
			americans.  
			we do not retreat, 
			we reload...




proud to be an american
			always proud of america





*** what a 
			true leader looks like ***
			 




"they that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little 
			temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."  -- benjamin 
			franklin, historical review of pennsylvania [1759] 





thank you governor desantis
			for protecting our 
homeowner's
			rights in florida











			the second amendment doesn't say rifles or shotguns or handguns.  it 
			says arms.  you get to choose what you want, what you can afford, 
			and what fits you best.

			the second amendment is not about hunting.  never, at any time in 
			our history, has it ever been about hunting.  it is and always 
			has been about protection from tyranny.  it is and always has been 
			about protecting your right to defend yourself and your freedom.

			the second amendment doesn't say the need to keep and bear arms – it 
			says the right to keep and bear arms.


"no free man shall ever be debarred the 
			use of arms. the strongest reason for the people to retain the right 
			to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves 
			against tyranny in government" -- thomas jefferson, 1 thomas 
			jefferson papers, 334"the best we can hope for concerning the 
			people at large is that they be properly armed."
			-- alexander hamilton, the federalist papers at 184-188
 
			"government is not reason, it is not eloquence, it is force; like 
			fire, a troublesome servant and a fearful master. never for a moment 
			should it be left to irresponsible action." 
			-- george washington, in a speech of january 7, 1790
"to disarm the people... was the best and most effectual way 
			to enslave them." -- george mason, speech of june 14, 1788
that the said constitution shall never be construed to authorize 
			congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of 
			conscience; or to prevent the people of the united states who are 
			peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms... 
			-- samuel adams, in "phila. independent gazetteer", august 20, 1789
 



































cardinal center 100 straight handicap scores 
			updated to include 2024
 


score sheets are now back in stock
 

 



if you are 
			having problems placing your pre-squad order -
			please read this






 







links



















 
















 


   
			








 




			 

 

			 
 






our privacy 
	policy
 

