






malfunct's home


































malfunct's home









						
							featured					

welcome



welcome to my website. browse the categories to find the content.… 


				posted in writing






april 28, 2020  by  malfunct 

something to share



one might think, and experienced hardware creators would know one would be wrong, that when the pcbs come in you can populate them and everything will work just fine.
the pcbs i ordered were exactly what i had requested but … 


				posted in usb to coco gaming adapter






april 14, 2020  by  malfunct 

“buttoning” up the prototype



update: there are some major errors in all 3 pcb designs that were found after testing so i would not use them. i removed the links to help remove temptation.
after getting the potentiometers to work as expected i was … 


				posted in usb to coco gaming adapter






april 5, 2020  by  malfunct 

so many broken things but now fixed.



it has been quite a while since the last post and the reason is that i just could not get two chips working on the same spi bus until now. i had the basics right but a few different things … 


				posted in usb to coco gaming adapter






march 13, 2020  by  malfunct 

and the numbers go up and down, or testing a voltage divider.



one of the steps of building the hardware and software solution is to learn how to drive the ic you want to use from an arduino. the first piece i worked on was the mcp41010 digital potentiometer.when learning to … 


				posted in usb to coco gaming adapter






march 7, 2020  by  malfunct 

a pcb was needed



i had been planning to use a din 6 pigtail to connect the bread boarded adapter to my coco but then i noticed i had a din 6 to din 6 cable and the din 6 sockets i planned to … 


				posted in usb to coco gaming adapter






march 2, 2020  by  malfunct 

kicking off project and planning



i’ve had a project in the back of my mind for a while now and with the coco crew holding a cocofest contest it was the perfect time to start it. joysticks for the coco may not be rare now … 


				posted in usb to coco gaming adapter






february 16, 2018  by  malfunct 

eamon porting – some really ugly basic



in my ongoing adventures in porting eamon adventures i stumbled on some truely ugly basic code:

110 hd = fn a(8):ag = fn a(8):ch = fn a(8)
120 print " hardiness--";hd: print " agility --";ag: print " charisma --";ch;"'": print 
…			


				posted in eamon adventures






february 6, 2018  by  malfunct 

porting eamon adventures – first challenges, characters.



in unraveling the code for eamon the first thing i looked at was the startup procedure which did character selection. there is a bunch of text to give a great flavor which i have so far skipped over, as it … 


				posted in eamon adventures






february 6, 2018  by  malfunct 

porting eamon adventures to .net



in my youth i had some spare money to spend and a public domain software catalog for the apple ii and so i bought a few software titles. among those titles was the eamon adventures master and a handful of … 


				posted in eamon adventures






august 23, 2017  by  malfunct 

blackjack



blackjack was my attempt at “real” graphics on the ti-82.
blackjack.zip
blackjac:
\start82\
\comment=program file dated 01/20/80, 00:00
\name=blackjac
\file=blackjac.82p
clrhome
disp “+————-+”
disp “! you are !”
disp “! playing !”
disp “! video 21 !”
disp “! version … 


				posted in retro computing, ti calculator




post navigation
← older posts




categories

coco

eamon adventures

fantasy

music

recipe

retro computing

ti calculator

usb to coco gaming adapter

writing




recent posts


something to share


“buttoning” up the prototype


so many broken things but now fixed.


and the numbers go up and down, or testing a voltage divider.


a pcb was needed







proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
					theme: dusk to dawn by wordpress.com.				






