












home - aqua source





















































skip to main content









services

all services


products

around the pool

pool covers
deck equipment
ada compliant


in the pool

cleaners
water testing
pool lights
drain covers


the pump room

chemical delivery systems
chlorinator models
pumps
filters
heaters
control systems
chemical feed pumps
variable frequency drives
ultra violet disinfection




resources

cpo® certification training
endorsements
events
gallery


about
contact us
search






search


submit








powerful solutions for big water


at aqua source, we utilize the newest technologies from the most reputable manufacturers, supported by a factory trained professional service team to provide the most powerful solutions for commercial aquatic facilities throughout the state of california.
dive in to discover why so many commercial aquatic facility managers throughout california make aqua source their first call.


find a powerful solution services


aqua source has been synonymous with quality service for over 20 years, providing our customers with consistently effective and powerful solutions both in the pump room and in the water.


design coordinationsite surveysinstallationscpo® certification trainingpreventative maintenanceemergency repairsproducts


from pump room equipment to pool covers, our products from the industry’s most reputable manufacturers work to power your pool, making us the primary source of quality products for many facilities throughout california.


the pump roomlearn morein the poollearn morearound the poollearn moreresources


stay up to date on the latest news in the aquatics industry and take a visual tour of everything happening at aqua source.





the knowledge pool
the knowledge pool is both an educational tool on aquatic trending topics, as well as a roadmap to maintaining a successful aquatic facility.
gallery
we’re proud to service some of california’s most beautiful commercial aquatic facilities. take a look for yourself!
aqua source endorsements
hear what others are saying about us!


about


aqua source provides a wide spectrum of powerful products and services for commercial aquatic facilities throughout the state of california. from mechanical equipment in the pump room to virtually anything on the deck, we offer only products from the most reputable manufacturers in the industry. since the company was founded in 1995, honesty, integrity and unsurpassed reliability have been the cornerstones of our business.
never in our industry’s history have we been challenged by more pressure from so many directions. aquatic facilities scramble to understand and comply with new federal laws like the virginia graeme baker act. as if dealing with tightening budgets wasn’t difficult enough, facility managers are now challenged by the rising threat of recreational water illnesses such as cryptosporidiosis and giardia. at the same time the need to find more environmentally friendly and energy efficient methods of operation has never been greater. with cutting edge technology and steadfast reliability, aqua source stands ready to meet those challenges head on with you.
so, whether your challenge is cutting energy consumption and operating costs or simply looking for a certified pool/spa operator® certification (cpo®) class, let our team show you why so many commercial swimming pool operators and aquatic facility managers throughout california make aqua source their first call. we are your source for solutions…we are aqua source.


contact us


address: p.o. box 1146, galt, ca 95632
phone: 209-745-6401 – toll free: 800-574-8081 – fax: 209-745-7179
email address: info@aquasource.com




 










 your name (required)
 



 your email (required)
 



 your phone
 



 subject
 



 your message
 

















	copyright 2025 aquasource  - all rights reserved 











back to top×





















