

















welcome to ridgway colorado







































   











accessibility tools
























invert colors














monochrome







dark contrast


















light contrast











low saturation











high saturation








highlight links















highlight headings











screen reader













read mode




content scaling

100%



















font size

100%



















line height

100%



















letter spacing

100%






















skip to main content























 




 

    
        
                    things to do        
    




                    outdoor adventure        
    




                    arts & entertainment        
    




                    history & heritage        
    




                    health & wellness        
    




                    culinary experiences        
    




                    upcoming events        
    



    
        
                    plan your visit        
    




                    place to stay        
    




                    dining out        
    




                    shopping & retail        
    




                    online visitor guide        
    




                    download the guide        
    



    
        
                    events        
    




                    stay up to date        
    



    
        
                    about the chamber        
    



    
        
                    community news        
    





    
        join today    
    




 















join
about the chamber
shop local
creatives directory
community news



 

























 



things to do



 

 


 
                outdoor adventure                hike, bike, explore & more 




 


 
                arts & entertainment                music, arts, education & more 




 


 
                history & heritage                explore western colorado history 




 


 
                health & wellness                find balance, stay fit enjoy life 




 


 
                culinary experiences                enjoy the finest food around 






come and explore all that ridgway has to offer!

 


                    seasonal guides        
    




                    winter guide        
    


more guides coming soon!

plan your trip



 


                    accommodations        
    




                    dining out        
    




                    shopping & retail        
    




                    professional services        
    




                    popular itineraries        
    




                    responsible travel        
    













2023
        visitor guide    
comprehensive guide on all things ridgway, available online, via a flipbook and in pdf download.
get the guide




        visitor information & resources    ridgway area chamber of commerce has prepared a visitor information and resource guide to help you travel like a local throughout our community. please be sure to review our region's covid practices and policies.

local businesses







 


                    accommodations & lodging        
    




                    amenities & services        
    




                    arts & entertainment        
    




                    spiritual practice        
    




                    dining        
    




                    medical, health & wellness        
    




 


                    museums and nonprofits        
    




                    professional services        
    




                    real estate        
    




                    recreation        
    




                    shopping & retail        
    













    
        map ridgway businesses    
    





events



 


                    ridgway area events        
    




                    ouray county events        
    


















        think outside    



 welcome to ridgway colorado gateway to the san juan mountains of southwestern coloradoa certified dark sky community


















 stay up to date on all things ridgway
we periodically send out news and updates about ridgway and the western slope. for visitors, this can be an invaluable resource to receive notice of news and happenings that may offer opportunities or impact your stay. use the form below to subscribe to receive updates. you can unsubscribe at any time.
 




































get the visitors guide






 
 
 











check out local businesses








        stay a while    visit for the amazing scenary, world-class adventure, rich heritage. stay for the fine dining, relaxing amenities and rich historical cultural.
 













 











07 february 2025 | ashley perkins | news
 steps tavern is racc february 2025 member of the month 
read more















05 december 2024 | ashley perkins | news
 bella vino restaurant is racc december 2024 member of the month 
read more















02 january 2025 | ashley perkins | news
 cora fitness is racc january 2025 member of the month 
read more




ridgway, colorado is a welcoming, community-minded rural town situated in a beautiful mountain valley. we support learning, creativity and culture. we share a deep connection to the outdoors. we are a thriving business community that is committed to being economically sustainable and ecologically responsible.
 get to know us


 













                        rocky mountain cannabis                    
explore...



















                        clearnetworx llc                    
explore...



















                        rigs fly shop & guide service                    
explore...








                        dragonfly creative                    
explore...
















                        heather l smith, cpa & western slope business solutions                    
explore...



















                        white buffalo                    
explore...









    
        view all local businesses    
    




the ridgway area chamber of commerce is supported by generous members. together, the chamber and its member base help create a vibrant and thriving business environment. support our efforts by becoming a member today!






    
        become a member    
    




    
        contact us    
    




learn more about ridgway




























ridgway is proud to be a part of the colorado creative corridor. the creative corridor travels 331 miles through a handful of state-certified creative district destinations, connecting ridgway to four towns for a collective cultural experience. our unique event programming and activities are featured alongside mountain town eclecticism, majestic vistas, outdoor recreation, and authentic colorado mountain culture.



  
learn more about the colorado creative corridor 


 

  
discover the ridgway creative district 


 

  
check out our recommended creative corridor itinerary 







 







expand
 







expand
 







expand
 







expand
 







expand
 







expand
 












  



        visitors center & ridgway area chamber    the ridgway area chamber of commerce promotes business and community development in the town of ridgway and the surrounding area. the ridgway visitor center, located at 150 racecourse road, ridgway, colorado 81432 (across from citizens bank off of hwy 62), the visitor center is closed as of october 8th and will reopen memorial day weekend.p.o. box 544ridgway, colorado 81432




  
800.220.4959 


 

  
970.626.5181 


 

  
 













  see you in ridgway    adventure, night life and all around easy living await you in ridgway colorado, gateway to the san juan mountains.
 













copyright 2025 ridgway area chamber of commerce. view sitemap




 



