



christ the servant catholic church 











©divine servant by max greiner  


8700 havens
            woodridge, il 60517
            630-910-0770







 home

staff

parish council

administration/finance

christian
                    service

worship

religious
                    formation

parish
                    life

sacraments

bulletins

calendars/events

faq

links

contact
                    us

photos  



religious 
        formation registration form
 





father bob duda, pastor
 
 
 

 
look at what's happening at christ the servant!
 


girl scout cookie sales  
in the narthex  
february 8th and 9th 


please support our young members 
who are selling girl scout cookies. 

 


adult study: luke: the story of salvation fulfilled

please join us for this 8-part study and video series on
the gospel of luke. we will meet every other
thursday at 7:00-8:15 pm. more information can be found on page 4 in the bulletin.

 


diocese of joliet phase 3 of targeted restructuring

two years ago, the diocese of joliet launched a three-year targeted restructuring process to better organize parishes, schools and other catholic institutions. the third and final phase of targeted restructuring began in march of 2024. this phase includes christ the servant parish.  

you can view the letter which explains the restructuring here. 
as part of phase 3 of the targeted restructuring process for the diocese of joliet, two parish listening
sessions were scheduled. session one was held on september 30; session 2 on november 4.

eighty-six small group responses were received form the first session.  information was condensed into bullet point statements for ease of reading by the catholic leadership institute, and potentially the diocese of joliet target restructuring committee.
the four feedback questions and responses are:
#1: what are the small groups key takeaways?  responses
#2: are there other data points or information that you feel are necessary to consider? responses
#3: in what ways does our parish serve the community? responses
#4: what are the gifts of your parish? responses

bishop hicks has recorded a message for all of the parishioners of the phase 3 parishes with an update on the targeted restructuring efforts. it is posted on youtube and can be accessed at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpyu5upc52c
.

 


 



sunday liturgy

christ the servant continues to post the saturday mass by fr. bob on facebook and youtube (@christtheservant) at about 4:30 pm on saturday. 
  https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucl4cvb_eub4ts51dxkyoiag
the plan is to continue providing a mass each week
as long as necessary. the mass will be posted at
4:30 pm saturday, and remain available during the
rest of the week.

 


radio broadcast of mass

even with the precautions being taken at mass, you may still feel it best to participate by listening to mass while being in your car.  when mass is going on, you can listen to the audio on 88.3 fm. we found that the reception is best on the northern end of the original parking lot. (that's the side of the building the transmitter is on.) a communion minister will come outside the entrance doors for radio listeners to come receive communion. you must still observe use of face masks and social distancing. hand sanitizer will be available for your use as well. 

 








weekly mass schedule
saturday:
    4:45pm
sunday: 
                  8:30, 10:00 am
daily mass schedule
 monday - thursday: 8:30am
communion service: friday at 8:30am



holy days:
consult bulletin
                or call.
reconciliation:
saturday: 4:00 - 4:30pm. or by appointment 




© 2025 christ the  servant  








