child's play




















    
	child's play
	

toys 'n stuff i find on flickr. it's all good. thanks for stopping by! :d
wednesday, may 31, 2006
 


babw
this is dimples teddy from the build-a-bear worshop toys in mcdonald's happy meals. unfortunately, poor dimples ate too many happy meals and therefore gained too many... er... dimples.the crtc requires that a portion of this photo include canadian content, so i threw in the tim horton's bag for good measure. whether timmy's is actually canadian anymore is up for debate.inspired by the twisted antics of professional recreationalist's faux set. 
   
   ¶ 1:35 am 1 comments  

wednesday, april 19, 2006
 


stewie!
i don't think his nose translates too well into stuffed toy. he's a daily reminder to swear more often. :) 
   
   ¶ 3:11 am 0 comments  

wednesday, september 21, 2005
 


eeyore outtahere!
    mia and her new boyfriend eyeore   originally uploaded by rcactus. i need some alone time now. so beat it. and take your eeyore with you. 
   
   ¶ 5:01 pm 0 comments  

sunday, september 18, 2005
 


the incredible hulk pinata
    rawr!   originally uploaded by debbey. oodles and oodles of fun, you too can rush out and get a big green scary man to whack around at your next birthday party. great stress reliever and *way* cheaper than professional therapy. 
   
   ¶ 3:49 pm 0 comments  

thursday, september 15, 2005
 


pez elvis
    pez elvis   originally uploaded by tomeppy. wul thunk ya. thunk ya vury mutch. 
   
   ¶ 2:19 am 0 comments  

thursday, september 08, 2005
 


personality board game
    tv board games: personality game   originally uploaded by o2b. i don't think i've ever played this milton bradley board game, but it sure looks vintage. i was more a "twister" or "operation" fan myself. 
   
   ¶ 12:31 am 1 comments  

 


corvette!
    corvette   originally uploaded by fybix. mattel's hot wheels, what's not to like? you could haul your whole collection over to your friend's house in that convenient red suitcase. no messy wires, no batteries, no ac outlets and no weak wi-fi signals to worry about. :) 
   
   ¶ 12:28 am 0 comments  

 


pichakoo...? god bless you.
    i said 2 orders of cheddar fries   originally uploaded by scuzzi. maybe i'm too old now, but i never understood the whole pokemon craze. i can barely pronounce the names, let alone distinguish them apart. 
   
   ¶ 12:24 am 0 comments  

 


heman
    heman   originally uploaded by mactiste ipons. here's another 80s classic. heman and the masters of the universe. i owned castle greyskull and my brother had snake mountain. ah, those were the days. when a hunk of molded plastic brought so much joy. 
   
   ¶ 12:20 am 0 comments  

sunday, september 04, 2005
 


barbie gnome
    barbie paris   originally uploaded by alimoni. hey! didn't the garden gnome do this first? i think i'm getting deja-vu (which would be most appropriate in paris). 
   
   ¶ 3:24 am 0 comments  

 


legoland
    legoland   originally uploaded by jreljac. ah legoland...never been there. i drove by it from sea world in san diego, but didn't stop. apparently if you're an adult and you show up without a child aged 8 or younger, the fbi opens up a file on you. 
   
   ¶ 3:08 am 0 comments  

 


optimus prime
    optimus prime - 20th anniversary convoy   originally uploaded by gkyc. the leader of the transformers, optimus prime was super cool. if he was running for president, i'd vote for him in a heartbeat! 
   
   ¶ 2:52 am 0 comments  

 


bumblebee
    bumblebee   originally uploaded by gkyc. if you were a boy growing up in the 80s, you idolized transformers. i know i did! 
   
   ¶ 2:49 am 0 comments  

 


sesame street?
    sesame street?   originally uploaded by taranrampersad. ok, that's bizarre. definitely not the way i remember bert and ernie growing up as a kid! 
   
   ¶ 2:45 am 1 comments  

 


kinder surprise!
    kinder surprise!   originally uploaded by blankartist. lookie what i found in my kinder egg! when you lift his arm, his mouth displays the gas price. too bad real gas prices aren't child's play. :( 
   
   ¶ 2:41 am 0 comments  





























archives
september 2005 /

    april 2006 /

    may 2006 /

			


blankartist
child's play
grand canyon holiday
my nintendogs


