






ministry of helps international: empowering churches to fulfill their mission



















































 
















help@mohi.org



0 items
 












home

schedule a meeting
are you ready for growth?
faquestions
mohi articles
media kit


donations
new technology
it’s free
podcasts
live broadcast

free boxcast 14 day trial live streaming


school of helps

online school of helps courses

my courses


cursos school of helps en línea

mis cursos




online training

online bible schools
workshops
coaching


store

my account
all dr. bell’s books
all digital downloads
all usher resources
bkind t-shirts and hats


contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 















welcome to ministry of helps international websitefor over four decades, the ministry of helps international (dr. buddy bell ministries) has been instrumental in equipping and empowering churches worldwide. founded by dr. buddy bell, the ministry has had a profound impact on more than 3,000 churches across 50 countries, emphasizing the biblical significance of serving within the local church. dr. bell holds a distinguished position as a prominent instructor with the international school of ministry (isom), where his teachings are disseminated to over 35,000 bible schools in 150 nations and translated into 80 languages. notably, he is the author of five books dedicated to the ministry of helps and effective church service.








a ministry that helps the local churchdr. bell focuses on helps, which means having enough loving people serving. through the serve workshop, he has trained thousands of ushers and greeters and conducted hundreds of team workshops worldwide. with the aid of live broadcasts, videos, and audio online, dr. bell works to connect with church staff across the globe, presenting the ministry of helps with joy, enthusiasm, and divine inspiration. his impactful teachings encourage congregations to recognize the power and purpose of the holy spirit, empowering every believer to engage in ministry work.














empowering churches with essential tools and training
unlock your church's potential with our resources
discover a world of resources: books, cds, dvds, training albums, audio books, ebooks, usher and greeter training, leadership courses, and much more! take advantage of special prices for downloads. access our mobile training center courses available in english and spanish, complete with notes, quizzes, and a certificate of completion. buddy bell ministries is here to provide you with the tools you need to grow. click on the image to explore our offerings.
explore resources





























dr. bell's books








usher and greeter resources








church growth resources








mobile training center classes








all spanish resources








leadership resources








do you have questions?let us help you with your questions about your volunteers and leadership concerning the ministry of helps.
contact



 








contact info ministry of helps international
dr. buddy bell ministries
p.o. box 1998
sand springs, oklahoma 74063
help@mohi.org










subscribe to ministry of helps newsletter
* indicates required

email address  *




first name 



last name 


view previous campaigns.



 





all rights reserved all content appearing on this web site is the property of ministry of helps international tulsa, ok copyright © 2005-2016. all rights reserved. as a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents on this web site so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: copyright ®2005 ministry of helps international. all rights reserved.

 



home
donations
new technology
it’s free
podcasts
live broadcast
school of helps
online training
store
contact us
 








we ship to usa and canada but all other countries must contact us for shipping details help@mohi.org . everyone can purchase downloads. dismiss 





























