










































































 




skip to content





 203-562-1487
 400 humphrey st, new haven, ct 06511



 stjnewhaven@gmail.com			        	












 

 












menu

home
about

what we believe
racial healing, justice, & reconciliation
history
clergy & staff
vestry & ministry leaders


worship

sunday service
children’s church & nursery
weddings, baptisms, & funerals
holiday services


grow

small groups
going deeper theologically initiatives
campus opportunities


connect

kitchen table series
toddler tunes
esol classes
outings & get togethers


serve

volunteer opportunities


give
contact
clergy search
 










welcome to st. john’sepiscopal | evangelical | ecumenicalhybrid sunday servicesjoin us on sunday at 10:30 am over zoom or in person



welcome! we are st. john’s episcopal church, located on 400 humphrey street in the heart of new haven, connecticut. join us in person or online for our 10:30 a.m. sunday service. all are welcome!
request zoom link for sunday service








we’re hiring!st. john’s is currently seeking a part-time priest-in-charge.
learn more



our commitments




the good news
we are committed to living the biblical message of god’s redeeming love for humanity in christ and by the power of the holy spirit.




community
we are committed to being a welcoming, obedient, and flourishing church that loves and serves god and one another.




justice and mercy
we are committed to acting in accordance with our core belief that all human beings are created in god’s image, have infinite value, and are dearly beloved of god (see micah 6:8 commitment).






prayer
we are committed to being a community of prayer, both as individuals and in our common life, seeking healing and repair in our relationships and broader community.




creation care
we are committed to being faithful stewards of god’s creation.




children and youth
we are committed to nurturing our children and youth in the knowledge and love of god (see programs for children and youth).





recent sermons at st. john’s, we firmly believe in sharing the gift of preaching. check out past sermons from our members!
visit sermon archive



connecting with community
small groupsjoining a small group is a great way to stay connected with the st. john’s family and to grow in faith. small groups meet at various times and places throughout the week.read morevolunteeringat st. john’s, we love building community! if you are looking for a way to grow deeper into the community and your faith, consider volunteering with one of our ministries.volunteer opportunitiesgiving giving to st. john’s is an opportunity to take part in the incredible work god is doing through us in the new haven area. giving can be done online, by mail, or through your bank.donate online
recent photos







 2024 st. johns episcopal church 	        	
theme: guten by kaira 



home
about
worship
grow
connect
serve
give
contact
clergy search


 stjnewhaven@gmail.com				





















