



academy of traumatology (india)













academy of traumatology (india)   is the premier academic organisation offering and promoting education and training in acute trauma 
management for the first time in india. the flagship programme of the 
organisation is the national trauma management course (ntmc™) which is held periodically 
across the country. 
this activity is supported by various national and 
international organisations involved in acute trauma care around the world.


our mission
"academy
of traumatology (india)" is an organisation dedicated to improvement in
trauma and emergency care in india through creating awareness and promoting
trauma and emergency medicine as  medical specialties. it seeks to
accomplish this through national trauma management course (ntmc™), cardiac
life support, disaster preparedness course., other educational programmes,
consultation, research and training  for doctors and health care
professionals in india with national and global perspective."

organisation profile
academy of traumatology (india)   is a registered body with 
national representation in its governing council. 
the supporting medical organisation from india include wide 
spectrum of specialties like orthopaedics, anaesthesiology, critical care , 
general surgery and emergency medicine. 

future course
bls / acls course


bls
            - acls 
20-21-22
            february 2025
nhl
            medical college, ellisbridge, ahmedabad


 
 
for "acls instructor course" interested candidates may apply with their
      latest resume and scanned copy of current bls/acls
cards to contactaot@gmail.com. we will inform
them when date will announce.















you can
          received all update on facebook and twitter.  
 
           
 



copyright
      ©2020 
        academy of traumatology (india). all rights reserved. unauthorized use
      prohibited. ahmedabad jurisdiction. website updated on 18-12-2024 10:15:05 +0530
 




