










keyframe :: find animation worth watching





















success
fail


























may
jul
oct




19




2013
2014
2015








476 captures
23 aug 2001 - 08 jun 2019













 about this capture



collected by



		organization: archive team


 formed in 2009, the archive team (not to be confused with the archive.org archive-it team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. the group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history.

history is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. with the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. archive team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations.

the main site for archive team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs.

this collection contains the output of many archive team projects, both ongoing and completed. thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the internet archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the wayback machine, providing a path back to lost websites and work. 

our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. if you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the wayback machine is the best first stop. otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find.

the archive team panic downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. 





collection: archivebot: the archive team crowdsourced crawler


	  archivebot is an irc bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand urls). you give it a url to start at, and it grabs all content under that url, records it in a warc, and then uploads that warc to archiveteam servers for eventual injection into the internet archive (or other archive sites).

to use archivebot, drop by #archivebot on efnet. to interact with archivebot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. the dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently.

there is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com.

archivebot's source code can be found at https://github.com/archiveteam/archivebot.
	


timestamps








home
loginregister




keyframe - the animation resource








coming soon
feature films
direct-to-video
part live-action
tv series
short films
theatrical shorts
animated specials
web animation




animation news
link library







search: 








 since 1999, keyframe and its users have been separating the best from the worst in animation. with 1643 profilies of animation and 3665 user-written reviews, you are bound to find your favourite (or not-so-favourite) animated film, tv series, short film and much more.





fine feathered friendchased by tom, jerry hides from his feline antagonist in the nest of a chicken; which subsequently thinks that tom is after her eggs - a notion she's none too please with. after several attempts by the cat to find...
the bowling alley-catjerry goes ice-skating on the slick surface of a bowling lane and is soon confronted with tom, both of which quickly discover that the cat cannot stand up on the slippery floor and jerry takes refuge with the pins. unable...
puss n' tootstom has trapped jerry in a fishing bowl, enjoying his struggle to get out, only stopping to file him away under m when someone comes to the door so he can eavesdrop. much to tom's delight, the someone leaves a...




more new
    animation profiles:
dog troubles, fraidy cat, the night before christmas, the cat above and the mouse below, pent-house mouse, hook, line and stinker, ernest & celestine, the tale of princess kaguya, pound puppies (2010)




 
learn how to become a partner site
 








review for fraidy cat by starlac
rated it: 
2 stars

well this is a bit of a tedious cartoon.

before tex avery came along, mgm's cartoon output had been just dragged through productions with the help of hugh harman and rudolf ising, with especially the former thinking himself at a level ... read the latest featured reviews







recent posts in forum topics:bob hoskinslast post by lupercal"the lion guard" - the lion king's legacy on disney juniorlast post by starlacmad scribbler making his debut in threadless contestlast post by starlacalpha & omega... sequels? [yes, more than one]last post by juuchan17somewhat belated...last post by athena









 
 


about keyframe
legal & privacy
contact


 

keyframe 8.0  ©1999 - 2014.frengky.

 