


crab creek review - crab creek review home page


























































				home
			



				about
			



				purchase or donate
			



				contest & submissions
			



				blog
			





			interviews
		







				the spring crab
			





			the spring crab: vol 1
		





			the spring crab: vol 2
		



























poetry prize judge announcement

we are thrilled to announce this year’s crab creek review poetry prize judge will be rena priest!rena priest is an enrolled member of the lhaq’temish (lummi) nation. she served as the 6th washington state poet laureate (2021-2023) and, most recently, as a judge for the 2024 national book award. she is the editor of the anthology i sing the salmon home, which won the 2024 washington state book award. priest’s other honors include an american book award, an allied arts professional poets award, and residencies and fellowships from hedgebrook, storyknife, indigenous nations poets, the academy of american poets, the vadon foundation, and the university of washington libraries. her work appears widely online and in print. she holds an mfa from sarah lawrence college (2008) and lives in bellingham, washington. learn more at renapriest.comthe poetry prize will open february 15. there is a $16 submission fee, submissions will only be accepted on submittable. see our full guidelines here.









fall/winter issue is here!
 
pushcart prize nominees
 








with winter settling in quickly in the pacific northwest, we are all eyes on our fall/winter issue. this issue will be our biggest yet with creative nonfiction and poetry, as well as a special fiction section guest edited by lana spendl. you'll also get a chance to read the dawn dupler’s winning poem and the finalist poems of 2024 crab creek review poetry prize, judged by kelli russell agodon. ​cover art: “above the cottonwoods” by linde husk.
 
we are honored to nominate the below works for the 2024 pushcart prize and wish the best of luck to the writers.poetry“sacrament” by dawn dupler“after” by amy smith"translation, by hand, across a river” by susan leary​“ghazal with difficult music” by emily rose colecreative nonfiction“merla: the river and the goddess” by viktoriia grivina​“swamp lessons” by josephine ensign
 





order here



 

subscribe to ​crab creek review
crab creek review is a print journal based out of the pacific northwest and dedicated publishing some of the best prose and poetry. printing twice a year, and with an online summer issue, we are always looking for new voices to share with you. subscribe today to find your next favorite read!



book reviews
what lasts​flying: trapeze poems



from the archives
in this series, crab creek brings back old favorites from past issues, republishing work and sharing interviews on where the contributors are now. past features:rachel mehljennifer stewart millercarlos andrés gómezdonna miscoltaanastacia-reneechristina lloydjosé angel araguzolatunde osinaikekait heacockelisávet makridisjax ntperica charis-mollingdavid greenspan​lois rosen
 










(c) crab creek review 2024






