







maple bay marina


























skip to content






primary menu






home
marina centre
moorage
fuel dock and seaplanes
boatyard
things to do
who we are
 







home
marina centre
moorage
fuel dock and seaplanes
boatyard
things to do
who we are
 






welcome to
maple bay marina
request visitor moorage

scroll down







what’s new
at the marina
so much has been accomplished at the marina this year. highlights include; improved centre marina access and parking lot drainage, extensive hydro upgrades to the north marina, and a complete rebuild of e dock. there are many more projects planned for the coming year as we continue to create the best boaters community in the pacific northwest.

follow on social






new docks in the works









marina centre
a community hub
welcome to the heart of our community! grab a coffee or a cold one, walk your dog, or enjoy a picnic along the water. our open spaces and gardens dotted with marine artifacts offer a quiet place to unwind.

learn more








everything you might need
whether you spend the day on your boat relaxing or exploring the area, we’re here to help. our amenities will make your time at the marina comfortable and stress free.




moorage



boatyard



things to do



seaplane



groceries



chandlery



fuel dock



washrooms + laundry








long term and visitor moorage options
we’ve been providing a safe and secure harbour to recreational boaters since 1945. located in the heart of the world-famous gulf islands, we offer year-round moorage for short visits and long-term stays. long-term moorage options include; open moorage, boat sheds, yacht enclosures and even float homes.

learn more












quality marine service & repair
let us take care of your boat maintenance and repair work so that you can get back out on the water! we offer licensed mechanics and shipwrights, fair rates, and a clean, well-equipped boatyard with a 5-anchor rating from clean marine bc. we feature an eco-friendly bottom washing system and a new 50-ton travelift for repair haulouts. do-it-yourself owners and approved trades are welcome.

learn more













our commitment to the future
our goal is to create a marina environment where both people and wildlife can thrive. we are committed to continually rethinking and reducing the impacts on our delicate marine ecosystems for future generations.
learn more






certified by
clean marine bc



no dump marina–
on site sewage treatment facility



environmentally responsible bottom washing system












contact
phone: (1) 250.746.8482
toll free: (1) 866.746.8482
fax: (1) 250.746.8490
boatyard: (1) 250.252.3232
vhf channel: 66a
info@maplebaymarina.com


address
6145 genoa bay road
maple bay (duncan), bc
canada, v9l 5t7


location
chart 3462 | sansum narrows
chart 3442-01 | south end of maple bay
chart 3478-02 | south end of bird’s eye cove
latitude: 48.8167 longitude: -123.6000


conditions

tide charts
weather
marine weather



follow us

facebook
twitter
youtube




maple bay marina | copyright 2025
















