












south african optometric association | saoa








































membership login



home

welcome
eye care stakeholders
links to groups in special interest
order from us



cpd events


about

saoa in a nutshell
team

directors
staff
regional reps
ombudsman

committees



patients & public

basic info & questions
eye health info
types of eye-care professionals



news & gallery


membership

membership benefits
membership fees
application process
order from us
covid



members area


contact us

membership contact
address











membership login





















equipping the industry
since 1924










making each member count
through dedication to optometry professionals










connecting & representing
optometry professionals nationwide










empowering & representing those who serve in
the prevention of blindness



















welcome to the saoa

south african optometric association

the south african optometric association is a professional association, registered as a non-profit company, which represents the professions of optometry and dispensing opticianry in south africa.






1600+
registered members





benefits



news







centennial celebrations feedback




congratulations to you and your team for an incredible centennial celebration!the office staff wore their broad smiles all the time and welcomed delegates warmly at the saoa stand and at every nook and cranny of emperor’s palace. i was extremely impressed how adept they were about the centennial celebration and at directing us in the venue. prelina and i made use of the staff when we were lost (most of the time). they were well trained and loved what they were doing.the directors were easily visible and mingled with exhibitors and colleagues, exuding an abundance of hospitality and collegiality. it was sheer pleasure being with your team. looking forward to the next time…
paul & prelina ramkissoon





congratulations to you and the saoa team on a successful and memorable centennial conference!thank you for allowing me to visit the exhibition area on the thursday - much appreciated.
shannon de klerk: vision magazine





congratulations to the profession of optometry on its fitting and successful celebration of the first 100 years. i am well aware of your personal contribution and recognised many of my colleagues who have added much over the years. their wise minds and steady hands will ensure a future for the eye care profession.
denny mofatt





thank you for affording intras the opportunity to exhibit at the association’s recent centennial celebration conference at emperors palace. your careful planning and diligent organisation were evident in this well-run conference. it is heartwarming to know the association’s historic reputation is in such good hands. congratulations on this memorable event, 
marianne birkholtz, company representative, intras (pty) ltd





i attended last week's centennial celebration in johannesburg.i should congratulate you on such an interesting and well-organized event.would like to know when you are planning to organize the next edition?
alvaro arias. mei 





thank you so much for your really special letter, it really means so much to me and i am truly to blessed to have been a part of this amazingly memorable event, we really appreciate your support so much and it was an absolute pleasure to work with you and your team, you are so professional and so well organised and really so good at what you do.
amanda janse van rensburg groups & conventions events co-ordinator, emperors palace hotels, casino, and convention resort





it was indeed an amazing experience.  we look forward to bigger and better such conferences in the near future. thank you for your endless support. you are the best.
tsietsi suzan nkhumishe (nkambule), md & founder





i think this was the best arranged conference i have been to, and i have been to a couple. thank you very much for including eyeonic in the centennial celebration. we were overwhelmed by the interest in eyeonic and look forward to working with the team at saoa in future.
nico myburgh, eyeonic south africa





thanks for a conference that was exceptional in all respects. team health focus eminance looks forward to the next one.
paul t. cooper, health focus





i have heard such great reports of the recent saoa congress! i want to congratulate you both, and all who helped you, on what appears to have been a truly special event.well done! knowing our profession, i now know you are not only capable leaders, you're also great tightrope walkers, jugglers, diplomats, peacekeepers, etc! thank you for all you do for us.
peter swanepoel





on behalf of retina south africa, i would like to compliment you on an outstanding conference – one of the best i have attended in years. the networking, quality, and general atmosphere are a tribute to saoa management team and the dedication and care that contributed to a resounding success that will be spoken about for the next 100 years. (a very high bar for the next!)
karen denton | head of education and advocacy





please will you convey my congratulations to the entire saoa team for a conference that was world class from beginning to end. i’m sure that there were many challenges along the way, and even during the conference itself. however, everybody i spoke to, from delegates to exhibitors, gave only positive feedback.saoa team, i salute you!
john stein





congratulations on a successful conference! your hard work has definitely paid off.thank you for everything, we thoroughly enjoyed it.
ingrid newcombe, gio





the cpd allocation was very seamless and the turnaround time for allocation was excellent. so, again another success story of the centennial celebration conference.
patrick mawila

















eye care stakeholders





















































































finally, on the 17th of dec 2024 we received the outstanding payment. thanks for all the effort you and the saoa put into resolving the issue. without your input i doubt if i would have ever received the payment.
avron goldstein





i hope this message finds you well. i would like to express my sincere appreciation to the south african optometric association for the invaluable support and guidance provided to our practice.recently, we encountered a challenging situation involving an employee whose conduct posed a significant risk to our practice. as the optometrist and director, i found myself in uncharted territory, unsure of how to navigate the issue while adhering to human resources protocols. it was at this critical juncture that i turned to harry rosen, the ceo of the association, for assistance.i am immensely grateful for harry's professional intervention and decisive handling of the matter. not only did he demonstrate empathy towards my situation, but he also instilled the confidence i needed to address the issue effectively. this support was instrumental in bringing the matter to a resolution.i must also acknowledge that the saoa has been a reliable source of assistance and support in the past, consistently providing me with the guidance and resources necessary to address important matters.i am truly honoured to be a member of the saoa and deeply appreciate the value it brings. i am committed to sharing my positive experiences with colleagues and encouraging them to join the association, recognizing its role in fostering a unified and influential voice within our industry.once again, thank you, saoa, for your unwavering support. i look forward to continuing our partnership and witnessing the association's ongoing success for many years to come.





“i am in awe of the sincere selfless efforts, absolute dedication & support i have received from the saoa. they enabled legal representation that facilitated a favourable result which i am sure will have a ripple effect for all optometrists. thank you for your relentless efforts, you are inspiring.”
m. arbee





“i am grateful to the saoa, for assisting me in the most efficient, professional and meticulous manner with regards to my recent issue of staff dismissal.”
m govender





“my practice had claims reversed by discovery health. after many calls to discovery and receiving no luck, i contacted the saoa. within 24 hours the matter was resolved.please support the saoa. they are the only association protecting the rights and interests of independent optometry.” 
b liss





“i want to thank the saoa team for their hard work and sacrifices, from which we all benefit - your dedication is truly admirable. your prompt responses and urgent attention to pressing issues are also much appreciated.” 
steve pulford





“the saoa has been nothing short of outstanding. sandy govender and her team of dedicated colleagues have been keeping their finger on the pulse and walked the entire journey with me - each step of the way, until the matter was finally resolved.”
jacqui j bauer





“it warms my heart to see a burning desire for our profession! i want to praise each member of the saoa for the guidance, assistance and communication offered to us. if a question is asked, it is answered as quickly as possible. thanks for all your effort!”
juanita van tonder





“the saoa is an association that has proven to be for its members, with its members. it has given all members an efficient platform that reports back on day-to-day activities. the association works hard to ensure that the scope of optometry is kept up to date and that the standard of service is maintained.”
ntombikayise zitha 





“i’d like to express my gratitude for your stellar service. your swiftness in response to emails and delivery requests is also highly appreciated.”
sp majola eye care





“i hope the optometrists in our saoa realise how valuable you are and what this association does for us. thank you, harry, for always having our backs.”
michelle dateling





“thank you to everyone at the saoa.”
several existing members 





“in today’s world, one needs to dot the i's and cross the t's. i sincerely appreciate your role as the captain that has rightly steered the ship back into its chartered course. i’m proud of our association and for the assistance it has given our industry when moving through choppy waters.”
sj saks















links to groups in special interest







established in 1964 the clssa serves to promote the interchange of contact lenses knowledge & fitting techniques as well as high ethical standards in contact lens practice, to encourage & promote contact lens research...


visit us





the foundations mission is to provide a comprehensive support system for patients living with keratoconus (kc) to ensure that no one is blind or visually impaired because keratoconus is not diagnosed or appropriately treated.   


visit us





assist in improving eyesight even after eye specialists has provided the best possible medical and surgical treatment through low vision devices & eye movement skills learning. 


visit us





the #1 resource for optometry student life! the website, hosts articles, news, videos and clinical pearls, which are all created by optometry student journalists. allowing students to become more involved in optometry and to help move the profession forward. 


visit us











order from us









driver certificates

view here

download order form





patient info leaflet

view here

download order form





eye care posters

view here

download order form












to view this resource / area, please login here or if you are not a member view our more about member benefits here.





home
about
patients & public
news
membership
contact us









popi act
paia compliance notice
outcome of request & fees
request for access to record
internal appeal


send us a message





























© 2023 by the south african optometric association.



branding | g studio















