










home - greater grant county




















































  
















skip to content




























menu 
homeabout us about ggc meet the team join our team member directory business beat info requests news ggc events gathering of gratitude annual golf outing contact usgo greater with us 2024 annual report investment application investor benefits sponsorships investor2investor discounts business directory business locatorcommunity workforce development national civics bee where we landed podcast gcypn links to locals local business resource guide investor to investor discounts jobs explore grant county











facebook





youtube





instagram











 




















welcome to






greater grant county









begin






















directory









directory













calendar









events













join









join now


















learn more:






what we do






for more than a century, various chambers of commerce have successfully supported the development of grant county's business community.
starting in january of 2023, greater grant county undertook a revolutionary, holistic approach to further improve the communities of grant county. former chambers of commerce in the county recognized shared missions and interconnections, and combined forces for a definitive collaborative effort.
with the goal of taking a broad community-minded approach to business development, our member-investors entrust greater grant county to make the best use of all our resources, to expand services, create meaningful relationships, and to foster an environment of equity and harmony across all of the communities in grant county.
our vision is to cultivate a vibrant, inclusive community that stewards communication, mobilizes a thriving local economy, and benefits the overall quality of life for all of grant county. we do this by facilitating shared experiences, presenting information, providing venues for community interaction, and by sharing applications that support the growth of greater grant county  businesses and organizations.







learn more



















































our mission
greater grant county is a catalyst for business growth, convener of leaders and influencers, and a champion for a stronger grant county.



























                                gcypn                            














                                business beat                            














                                investor spotlights                            














                                investor benefits                            














                                relocation guide                            














                                top investors                            























thank you to visionary investor























					directory				








					calendar				








					news				








					login				








					join today				











 












© 2025 greater grant county
 | 
site by growthzone












217 s. adams st. marion, in 46952 | 407 e. main st. gas city, in 46933 | 765-664-5107 | email us









facebook





twitter





youtube








 © 2025 greater grant county.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top
















