



louisiana library association - home









log in

















remember me









forgot password








member login










 




home




membership




about lla



officers




committees




contact us







sections/groups



academic section




godort




lasl




lassal




public library section




subject specialists section




trustees




interest groups







events



lla annual conference







awards & scholarships



scholarships







resources



forms and publications




library jobs




preservation







advocacy



censorship toolkit




legislative day







donate




store







lla & sela 2025 annual conferenceregistration is open!march 20-22, 2025hilton baton rouge capitol center201 lafayette street, baton rouge, la 70801
 




new digital publicationslouisiana libraries journal articleintellectual freedom committee newsletter



public librarian of the yearnominate a talented and dedicated public librarian who excels in their profession. 
public library director of the yearrecognize a public library director who tirelessly improves their library for the staff and community alike. 
 


a message regarding censorship
the louisiana library association denounces censorship of any kind, particularly in libraries. the lla code of ethics, adopted by the membership in 1981 and located in the lla manual, makes clear our stance: librarians must resist all efforts by groups or individuals to censor library materials. the american library association also condemns censorship and clearly states through the library bill of rights that restricting access to library materials is a form of censorship, stating that "attempts to restrict access to library materials violates the basic tenets of the library bill of rights". censorship always has been and always will be antithetical to librarianship. we stand with our colleagues and library users in fighting censorship in all its forms in louisiana libraries. lla manualala library bill of rights

statement by the intellectual freedom committee of the louisiana library association on the decision of the lsu system to terminate tenure for university librarians 
tenure for librarians in the louisiana state university (lsu) system has been terminated.  no longer will lsu’s libraries anywhere in the state be allowed to hire tenure track librarians.  librarians with tenure may keep it if they choose.  alternatively, they may surrender the tenure they have earned, thereby demoting themselves to non-tenured status.  lsu’s provost has gone on record saying that tenure for librarians is “inappropriate” (see inside higher ed 8/22/24).  thus, librarians currently on a tenure track have been left wondering if there is any point continuing on this path. read the full statement.
 


about us | contact uslla@amigos.org1-800-969-656213610 barrett office dr., suite 108, ballwin, mo 63021
 







powered by wild apricot membership software






