


singles events in  connecticut | ct contacts llc

















call us!  203-468-1144


click here for singles event locations

homecomplete calendar
mardi gras partymarch 1st, 2025
st. patrick's partymarch 15th, 2025
easter eve partyapril 19th, 2025
avonthe north house
branfordbill miller's castle
branfordthe woodwinds
danburyanthony's lake club
danburythe amber room colonnade
danburyportuguese cultural center
farmingtonthe farmington club
farmingtonfarmington gardens
monroestone barn at whitney farms golf course
naugatuckthe crystal room
north havenscarlett's fine events at the best western plus hotel
norwalknorwalk inn & conference center
oakvillegrand oak villa
orangerace brook country club
sheltonbrownson country club
sheltoncourtyard by marriott
southburywyndham hotel
southingtonhawk's landing country club
southingtontitanium theatre event hall
stamfordknights of columbus
stratfordblackhawk country club
stratfordvazzano's four seasons
wallingfordwheeler family traditions golf club
waterburyla bella vista at the ponte club
waterburyportuguese sport club
west havencielo
wolcotthigh point gardens
woodbridgebirchwoods at oak lane
photo galleryview images of past dances
email listkeep in touch with contacts


visit our photo gallery




contact us
rob rubin, owner
 p.o. box 3335
milford, ct 06460
203-468-1144
rob@ctcontacts.com





keep up with contacts. click here to sign-up for our email list




sponsoring a singles dance party every saturday night in one of 24 beautiful locations across connecticut!
contacts has been sponsoring dance parties for singles in connecticut for over 38 years now. our events are held every weekend, usually on saturday night, rotating among 24 elegant locations across the state. no reservations are needed. an admission fee (cash only) is collected at the door. whether you’re just coming out to socialize, dance and have fun, or are looking for that special someone, these dances are the place to be!

we have an email list you can sign up for by clicking this link.


all our events feature

over 200 singles in their 30's, 40's, 50's, & 60's
a relaxed, friendly atmosphere conducive to mixing and mingling
dj dancing to the best music from today and yesterday, including the hottest latin and brazilian music. requests always welcome. 
a fun time for all!


click here to sign up for the email list

event calendar
(click on a location for more information)

sat. feb. 22nd, 2025, terrace on the green at wheeler family traditions golf club, wallingford
sat. mar. 1st, 2025, mardi gras party!, knights of columbus, stamford
sat. mar. 8th, 2025, brownson country club, shelton
sat. mar. 15th, 2025, st. patrick's dance!, terrace on the green at wheeler family traditions golf club, wallingford
sat. mar. 22nd, 2025, the stone barn at whitney farms golf course, monroe
sat. mar. 29th, 2025, blackhawk country club, stratford
sat. apr. 5th, 2025, the crystal room, naugatuck
sat. apr. 12th, 2025, anthony's lake club, danbury
sat. apr. 19th, 2025, easter eve party!, blackhawk country club, stratford
sat. apr. 26th, 2025, brownson country club, shelton

sponsoring a singles dance party every saturday night in one of 24 beautiful locations across connecticut!
contacts has been sponsoring dance parties for singles in connecticut for over 38 years now. our events are held every weekend, usually on saturday night, rotating among 24 elegant locations across the state. no reservations are needed. an admission fee (cash only) is collected at the door. whether you’re just coming out to socialize, dance and have fun, or are looking for that special someone, these dances are the place to be!

call us!  203-468-1144

no beverages of any kind, alcoholic or non, may be brought into the event. that includes water bottles.

what people are saying about contacts


i attended a dance at a new connecticut contacts venue last night, oak lane in woodbridge. over the years i had been to many and always enjoyed myself however, oak lane was outstanding for the food they served, which was absolutely delicious, the cleanliness, spotless, lovely surroundings, the staff, warm and friendly. the dances are getting better and better if possible. i highly recommend going to these dances and try oak lane as you definitely will not be disappointed. as a side note the owner of connecticut contacts is wonderful, wanting to ensure that you have a good time, and has a very warm and friendly personality. the crowd is also friendly.
 barbara rosenbaum deitch via facebook 


"always i have a good time, definitely a great place to meet new people and hang out with your friends!!! thank you rob."
 maria dejesus via facebook 

"great music, friendly environment"
 rosa garcia via facebook 

"good food, good music and good time."
 theresa rachwalska via facebook 

"the dj is awesome & the venues bring people together from ny & ct for good food & dancing."
 virginia melendez-capodieci via facebook 

"love it! met a lot of great people! keep up the great dances!"
 kristy zdrodowski nagy  via facebook 










all of contacts events are pay at the door by cash only. no need to pay in advance. reservations are only required for birthday parties.




celebrate your birthday with contacts!
if you come with five or more friends:

 we will reserve a table for you and your friends
you (the birthday boy/girl) will get in free
your table will receive a complimentary bottle of champagne
you bring the cake - we'll provide plates, forks, and a knife







click here to visit the photo gallery





contact us
rob rubin, owner
ct contacts llc
 p.o. box 3335
milford, ct 06460
203-468-1144
rob@ctcontacts.com










 © 2025 ct contacts llc | contact | sitemap | privacy policy | web design by scofield designs













