





nepal trekking holidays & mountain travel with makalu adventure treks






























  


  


  




  makalu adventure
  


home
about us 
nepal 
bhutan
tibet
trekking
expeditions
nepal tour 
rafting
safari 
mtb tour
contact









makalu adventure

 client's feedback
about us
contact us



trekking in nepal

 gokyo- everest bc 
 everest from jiri 
everest bc trek - 19 days
 annapurna circuit 
 annapurna base camp 
 makalu base camp 
 around manaslu trek 
 dolpo trek 
 kanchanjunga bc trek 
 ice col trekking 
 around dhaulagiri 
  nar and phu trekking 



mountaineering nepal

everest expedition 2022
mount makalu (8,463m) - spring 2022
ama dablam expedition 2022
ama dablam expedition 2022
tukuche peak climbing - spring 2022



nepal peak climbing

  island  peak climbing
 mera peak climbing
 chulu east peak climbing 
 pisang peak climbing 
  lobuche peak climbing




travel information

nepal trekking information
nepal travel information



nepal expeditions

everest expedition 2022
ama dablam expedition
baruntse expedition
makalu expedition



tibet expeditions

everest expedition from tibet
mt. cho oyu (8,201m) expedition
 shisapangma (8,021m) expedition 2022
everest expedition via north col route



tour in tibet

kailash pilgrimage tour
 potala palace 
 lhasa panorama
 experience in tibet
 the overland express
 tibet everest bc tour 
  lhasa kathmandu bike tour




rafting in nepal

trishuli river rafting
kali gandaki river rafting
seti river rafting
karnali river rafting
bhote koshi river rafting



our other companies

trishuli river rafting
 kali gandaki river rafting
seti river rafting
karnali river rafting
bhote koshi river rafting





the makalu adventure team
makalu adventure is a pioneer mountaineering, trekking, tour operator and holiday planner offering the best of adventure travels and tours within the himalayan region of nepal, tibet, bhutan, and india. our concept is to create the experience of a lifetime - of learning and discovery – be it through a trekking tour, mountaineering expedition, safari, mountain biking, paragliding, and tours of historical, cultural, pilgrimage, and nature sites. based on our many years of practice and expertise of arranging and guiding trekking adventures, all of our tours are designed to create an exhilarating but relaxing experience to afford a refreshing break from the often busy and hectic lives that most people go through when not on vacation.
 the scenic vistas offered by the towering heights of the himalayas and surrounding valleys are a feast for the eyes which travelers from around the world come to enjoy. the experience of a trek or tour in nepal cannot really be expressed in words. this can only be appreciated with a trip to nepal. with this in mind we design our itineraries to afford our clients the time and relaxation to fully enjoy the atmosphere and scenery of these very special places. these trekking and tour packages are equally appealing for single travelers, single parents, or senior citizens.
makalu adventure, as a trekking company in nepal, caters to the traveler’s desires of whatever specifically designed trekking and tour itineraries they would prefer. different approaches are offered such as a leisurely trek for the family or a trek into the remoteness of the high himalayas for the avid trekking enthusiast and mountain expeditions and peak climbing for the extreme alpinist.
 it has not always been an easy task overcoming the many varied experiences of trekking and tour management for our clients but it can be seen by the record of our devotion and efforts in this field over the past few decades has made us a willing and dedicated participant in making the trip as easy and perfect as possible according to the particular wishes of our clients. our team is lead by mohan lamsal who has more than 28 years experience in nepal trekking and tourism. he established makalu adventures in 1998 after already working a long time in the field of trekking and tourism in the himalayan region. through the years we have built up an excellent support group, experienced tour guides, trekking guides, the most professional high- altitude sherpa expedition guides, cooks, and porters while using the latest world class trekking, expedition and mountain climbing equipment. makalu adventure group also has a beautiful and quiet luxury resort hotel in the heart of thamel in kathmandu with top quality chefs and staff as well as a fleet of luxury cars and vans for comfortably and safely transporting our clients on tours and outings. also we are partners in a beautiful and luxurious yoga retreat facility in a remote and quiet rural location. we can guarantee you the most friendly, enthusiastic

highlight trips 2022
best of nepal tour 2022

  

arrive kathmandu. you will meet us in airport and will be transferred to your five star hotel (de l' annapurna) by private coach. if time permits, we may start the sightseeing same day, otherwise the program below will be for next day. you will have time to refresh yourself before we will start sightseeing. .....


everest base camp trek - 16 days

  

with eight of the world’s ten highest peaks, nepal is loaded with spectacular mountains vistas. everest trek in justifiably famous, not only for its proximity to the world's highest mountain ( 8848m ) but also for its friendly sherpa people, picturesque villages great variety of cultures and traditions, ....


lhasa kathmandu mountain bike tour

  

mountain bike tour from lhasa to kathmandu is an ultimate biking expedition across the roof of the world. the adventure biking trip from tibet capital lhasa city is the world's longest and deepest bike descent, from the tibetan plateau into nepal. it is a high level ride, traversing the road between lhasa and kathmandu ....


advanced everest base camp trek

  

with an average altitude in excess of 3500m, tibet can truly be described as the roof of the world. lying to the north of the great himalayan range which separates it from its neighbours india, nepal and bhutan, much of the country is high-altitude desert. .......


bhutan cycling tour

  

nestled deep in the high himalaya between india and china, the kingdom of bhutan is most popularly known as the land of the thunder dragon or the last shangri – la on earth. the country is the last bastion of vajrayana buddhism and has its own guiding.....


trek to upper mustang : restricted area

  

the region of tibetan influence north of kagbeni is generally referred to as upper mustang. the ancient kingdom of mustang – the capital lo manthan was attached to tibet in the 14th century, although it retained its identity as an autonomous dynasty...







certificate of excellece

day tours

kathmandu valley day tour 
 bhaktapur  day tour 
patan & bungamati

day hikes

nagarkot day hike 
dhulikhel day hike  


trekking in tibet

 kharta valley trek tibet 
 everest advanced base camp 
 lhakpa ri trek tibet


best of nepal tours

kathmandu-pokhara-chitwan tour
city to jungle safari tour
valley tour with camping
dawn to dusk tour
valley historical & cultural tour
tents and temples tour
7 days kathmandu-pokhara-forest tour
panorama city tour
kathmandu valley tour with tibetian camp
city to jungle tour

bhutan cultural tours

the last shangrila
glimpses of bhutan
mystical kingdom tour
modern bhutan tour
across bhutan tour
bhutan religious tour
the magical kingdom tour
bhutan historical tour

contact address
makalu adventure pvt. ltd.


amrit marg, thamel, kathmandu, nepal
p. o. box no: 20184
phone: +977-1-4417522
fax: +977-1-4417524
mobile: 9851037083 (nepal)
mobile: +1-7024271413 (usa)
email: info@nepalmakalu.com
email: info@makalu-adventure.com
website: www.nepalmakalu.com www.makaluadventure.com


video gallery

image gallery
 








worldwide recommendation
some of the world's best known organizations, famous writers and travel magazines recommend us

 peter van ham, travel writer, germany 
 colin hinshelwood, travel writer, uk 


 makalu adventure day tours 




   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  











 home 
  expeditions 
 trekking 
  rafting 
 safari 
 mtb tour 
 tibet 
 bhutan 
 nepal 
 e-mail us 
 terms & condition 


copyright © 2021, makalu adventure pvt. ltd. all rights reserved.
              no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in retrieval system, or transmitted in any form, without a written permission of makalu adventure trek.












