








international league of associations for rheumatology








































 





skip to content















 aboutgrant projectsjournalsupport ilar 














homeilar12025-01-24t17:29:14-05:00 
ilarinternational league of associations for rheumatology


about ilarthe international league against rheumatism was reincorporated as the international league of associations for rheumatology with a mission to advance rheumatology in developing countries. the executive committee includes leaders from partner organizations american college of rheumatology (acr), african league of associations for rheumatology (aflar), asia pacific league of associations for rheumatology (aplar), european league against rheumatism (eular), and pan american league of associations for rheumatology (panlar).
learn about ilar 
0partner organizations0projects funded0.9mgrants providedgrant projects

each year, ilar welcomes proposals or requests for ilar’s contribution to projects that address ilar’s mission to advance rheumatology in developing countries in the areas of patient education; health professional education, including population health and clinical practice; and rheumatology advocacy.
see details about ilar grants


clinical rheumatology journal
the international league of associations for rheumatology’s peer-reviewed rheumatology journal, clinical rheumatology, publishes high-quality rheumatology articles for an international audience.
learn more about ilar journal
support the international league of associations for rheumatologyplease consider supporting ilar’s mission to advance rheumatology in developing countries by making a donation.
see how you can support ilarilar message on war in ukraine
the international league of associations for rheumatology and partner organizations, acr, aflar, eular, and panlar, wish to express our profound concern for, and solidarity with the people of ukraine, including our ukrainian rheumatology colleagues, as they valiantly defend their lives, liberty, security, and sacred culture against this unprovoked invasion by russian military forces. the continued devastation directly compromises the overall aim of medicine, and our organizations’ mission to improve patients’ lives.
we encourage our members to donate to reputable organizations, such as the international committee of the red cross, that are on the ground and responding to this humanitarian emergency. we hope for a swift cessation of hostilities and a peaceful resolution, along with a return to regular societal order that is respectful of the basic rights that fundamentally, and inherently belong to all human beings.




 
 






©   international league of associations for rheumatology.  all rights reserved.  ilar@rheumatology.org 


flickr
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link









go to top




