 



















			student resources and faqs | hvcc
		
		



skip to main content



hudson valley community college
menu



campus map
directories
giving
library
athletics



i am a...

student
parent
faculty & staff member
employer
community member & resident
alumni





about usexpand/collapse



president's office
board of trustees
administration
middle states accreditation
faculty & staff awards


advisory committees
emeriti
foundation
faculty student association
projects


news
events
meet hvcc
history
global initiatives


college catalog
policies
consumer information
visit us
location & directions





programs & coursesexpand/collapse



by subject
degrees & certificates
online
evening
spring start


courses
microcredentials
honors college
summer sessions


educational opportunity center
high school programs & partnerships
workforce development & community education
kids on campus
motorcycle rider


corporate programs and customized training
apprenticeships
bachelor programs on-campus





admissions & aidexpand/collapse



get started
apply to a program
register for a course
admissions events
academic advisement & course scheduling


placement testing
new student orientation
educational opportunity program (eop)
advancing success in associate pathways (asap)
international students


tuition & fees
financial aid
scholarships
loans





student servicesexpand/collapse



academic support
learning centers
library
disability services


veterans & military
health services
student success center
counseling & wellness services


bookstore
career & transfer center
child care center
campus ministry


legal services





campus lifeexpand/collapse



athletics
clubs
events


cultural affairs
teaching gallery


nearby housing
food services


student activities
student senate
student newspaper







searchsearchclose search






home
departments and offices
distance and online learning












departments and offices
toggle departments and offices menu

strategic planning
departments and offices

toggle institutional assessment menu
institutional assessment

learning outcomes



toggle center for professional excellence menu
center for professional excellence

contact usfaculty resource room and mentor programtoggle certificate programs menucertificate programsacademic advising certificate of completiondiversity: equity, inclusion and social justice (deisj) certification of completionleadership certification of completionteaching and learning certification of completiontechnology in the classroom and beyond  certificate of completionworkshop/course proposalcourse substitution criteriatoggle new faculty orientation menunew faculty orientationregistration formtoggle faculty workshop day menufaculty workshop dayprogramregistration formupcoming workshops and courses



toggle communications & marketing menu
communications & marketing

brand guidelines & logostoggle editorial, promotion & advertising services menueditorial, promotion & advertising servicessharing student accomplishmentsmedia relations and inquiriestoggle graphics & print shop services menugraphics & print shop servicesstaffwork order systemtoggle photography, multimedia & video services menuphotography, multimedia & video servicesrequest for photography and/or video servicestoggle web, digital & social media services menuweb, digital & social media servicesevent calendar submission form



toggle distance and online learning menu
distance and online learning

get helpstudent resources and faqskey to online learning section numbersfaculty & staff resourcestraining for faculty & staffabout us



toggle diversity, equity and inclusion menu
diversity, equity and inclusion

odei live podcasts - community conversationstoggle about the office of diversity, equity and inclusion menuabout the office of diversity, equity and inclusionchief diversity officer: ainsley thomasworkshops & trainingcampus resourcesstem outreach workshop initiativeconnect with odei



toggle finance offices & information menu
finance offices & information

toggle accounts payable menuaccounts payableprocedures and tipstravel expense report instructionstravel expense procedures & documentation needed for reimbursementwork assignment mileage reimbursementpetty cash procedurescancelled travelrequesting a petty cash fundtoggle payroll office menupayroll officepay dates and timesheet due datesadjunct and overload faculty pay scheduletoggle grants administration menugrants administrationgrants receivedproject concept profilecollege facts and statisticsglossary of termsbasic components of a proposalgrant accountingtoggle covid-19 emergency funding menucovid-19 emergency fundingrequired web-based report for heerf student aid


office of general counsel and legal services
institutional advancement

toggle institutional research menu
institutional research

student & employee demographicsgraduate follow-up reports


central receiving
mailroom








student resources and faqs
                

distance and online learning has put together some important resources for students taking online and remote courses.


online and remote students are encouraged to take advantage of the college's academic support and student services available as well as participate in campus life activities. 
online learning: a guide to getting startedstudents can find important information on this page, including:

how to access your class and email
computer requirements
tips for being a successful online student
orientating yourself with the online course environment

student remote accessyou will find instructions on how to gain access to college computers and software from home to complete coursework.

faqs



expand all
collapse all


what is online learning and how does it work?

online learning at hudson valley community college means using the internet and email to access courses, submit homework assignments, and communicate with the instructor and other students. online learning course materials include videos as well as textbooks, student guides, and internet sites.
online learning means that students can work at locations and times that are convenient for them. although most of the work can be done from home, some of the courses require labs or other on-campus meetings. a few of the courses may also have mid-terms or finals on campus.
hudson valley uses the d2l brightspace (lms) to deliver its online courses. a lms is software that allows for course development and delivery via the internet. you access the lms through the internet, so you must have access to the internet. you also need a username and password that you will receive after officially registering for the class.
back to top



what online programs and courses offered at hudson valley community college? how do i enroll?

hudson valley community college offers several degrees and certificates that can be completed through our online course offerings.
see the key to online learning section numbers to identify which course sections are offered entirely online, have proctored exam requirements, or have on-campus meetings.
to enroll in an online course(s) or program, see the how to get started page.
students who register for online courses with on-campus requirements will have to meet the same immunization requirements as students attending on-campus courses taking five or more credits.
see the [loading tuition and fees link…] section of the college catalog for information on the current tuition.
if you do not attend any classes on campus, the parking fee may be waived by filling out the appropriate paperwork. information about waiving the parking fee will be included in the invoice you receive from hudson valley community college after you register for your course(s).
back to top



what is different about taking a course online compared to a traditional on campus class?

generally, online courses are set up as units with assignments from each unit due by the end of the week. it will help you have a positive experience if you do not let yourself get behind. according to surveys, students responded that online courses are as much work as on-campus courses and that it may take additional time to do the coursework. however, they also responded that the convenience of working at home and on their own schedule was well worth the extra effort.
reading assignments are still based on your textbook, which you can purchase at the bookstore. quizzes or tests, and other written submissions, are done online. some of the quizzes (multiple choice or true/false) are automatically graded, meaning you receive your grade immediately. your instructor will grade and return essay tests or learning activities that require typing the text from a word processing program. note that the system keeps a record of your assignments, including the time and date submissions were made and graded.
discussion is an important part of many classes. these are not "live" discussions such as text messages, but more like a bulletin board where there is a record of all postings. you are expected to not only make your own comments but to also respond to other student's ideas and opinions. you may email your instructor any time you have a question or comment as well.
back to top



are there any requirements to take an online course(s) or program? 

most online learning students juggle busy schedules, work full- or part-time, have children, or can't easily get to the hudson valley campus. online learning is for students who are motivated, work well independently and are comfortable using a computer. check with your advisor to make sure the courses offered fit into your curriculum.
you must:

meet the computer requirements. you will need access to a computer with an internet connection that meets certain minimum requirements. please be advised that not all features and functionalities are supported on mobile devices. you still need access to a computer to take an online course. review the brightspace browser support page to make sure you are using a supported device and internet browser.
be able to type on the computer to complete papers, emails and online discussions. if you cannot type, we recommend you learn how to type before enrolling in an online course.
have proficient reading and writing skills. most of the communication in online learning courses is done in writing.
be comfortable using a word processing program such as microsoft word. you should be familiar with sending email and using basic functions such as "copy" and "paste."
be able to utilize the hudson valley community college webmail email system for communication with your instructor and class.
be able to budget your time and priorities. online learning courses are not self-paced. they follow the semester calendar as far as registration, mid-terms, finals, etc. homework and other assignments, tests and quizzes are due on a regular basis.

back to top



do i get credit for taking an online course?

yes. all online learning courses here are fully accredited and are taught by hudson valley community college faculty. they are transferable and there is no difference on your transcript between an online learning course and a traditional classroom course.
back to top



when will i be expected to attend class? do i have to come to campus?

online courses start on the same day as on-campus courses. attendance and participation are measured by how often you log into the course website and by completion of required learning activities, assignments, quizzes and tests. you can access the course at your convenience to complete your coursework each week following your class syllabus. generally, online students do not have to be online at a specific time for coursework.
although most course work can be done from home, some courses may have required on-campus meetings and/or examinations. see the key to online learning section numbers to identify which course sections are offered entirely online or have on-campus meetings.
back to top



how do i order my textbook(s)?

textbooks may be ordered through the viking's cove bookstore.
back to top



how do i access my online course(s)?

the college’s secure online web portal is powered by d2l brightspace and is your source for online courses.

d2l brightspace login

the following information may be helpful in getting to know d2l brightspace or to troubleshoot any issues:

d2l brightspace tutorials and resources for students

back to top



what are hudson valley community college's proctoring procedures?

note: this information applies to students who are registered in a hudson valley community college course where the professor or department requires that the midterm and finals be proctored.
review the proctoring protocols and expectations.
back to top



what are the online learning complaint procedures?

all student grievances with online courses are to follow the same procedures as on-campus courses. students taking online classes offered by hudson valley community college while residing in states other than new york should attempt to resolve any issues or complaints with the college first. the college's complaint procedures, including the grade grievance procedure, as well as procedures for complaints concerning bias and discrimination are available in the college catalog, under [loading policies and procedures link…].
if an issue cannot be resolved internally, an out-of-state student may file a complaint with the new york state department of education. sara for students provides resources relating to state authorization of distance education.
this is in compliance with u.s. department of education's program integrity regulations related to state authorization.
back to top









get in touch



center for distance and online learning




bulmer telecommunications center, room 1042
(518) 629-7070
dlhelp@hvcc.edu
office hours: monday - friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
get help













be bold.
be a viking.





the smart choice.

apply
visit
give

back to top






hudson valley community college




          80 vandenburgh avetroy, ny 12180
        
contact us


(518) 629-4822 
1-877-325-4822 - toll free 
        (518) 629-7596 - tdd/tty
      





search




facebook
instagram
twitter
tik tok
youtube
linkedin
sign up for our e-newsletter







schools

business and liberal arts
health sciences
science, technology, engineering and math (stem)




i am a...

student
parent
faculty & staff member
employer
community member & resident
alumni




shortcuts

d2l brightspace
webmail
wired
locations
library
directories




institution

employment
site accessibility
privacy policy
title ix compliance
tobacco-free college








      © 2025 hudson valley community college. all rights reserved.
    

      a state university of new york collegesponsored by rensselaer county
    

























