
















cape coral homes| patricia knoll


























   












cape coral homes| patricia knoll








mobile navigation menu




call agent
email agent








239-209-0104




 - opens in a new window
 - opens in a new window











homeproperty searchnew home constructionpatricia knolltestimonialscape coral homescape coral gulf access homesfort myers and surrounding areasblog - opens in a new windowsellersselling your homefree zillow valuation. for more accurate free valuation please call me 239-209-0104why use a realtor®interviewing a realtor®pricing your homecosts related to the sale of your homepreparing your home to sellmaking a great first impressionbuyersbuying a homemortgage calculatormeeting your needscontact








enter address, city, zip, community or mls number



advanced customizable search





















like a property?
call or text patricia knoll239-209-0104











patricia is absolutely fabulous! very knowledgeable, professional and always available for our questions or concerns. patricia goes above and beyond for all of her clients. we couldn't be more pleased with the selling of our house, and the purchase of our new home.
if you're in the market to buy or sell a house right now, i can't tell you just how awesome patricia knoll is!
it would take too long to list all the great stuff, in short....she rocks!
l.p. hyatt
 

 
she was the most outstanding agent we have dealt with. 
she performed superbly, going far beyond what was required. we consider her our friend.
jerry & suzanne s.
jerry & suzanne s.
 
patricia - during the time our home in cape coral was for sale, you were reliable, trustworthy, and worked diligently in following up on all possible sales leads. you were also of great assistance and instrumental during the closing process.
there are probably a lot of good sales agent out there, but you are cenrtainly amongst the very best! we would definitely recommend you to our friends. 
thanks again.
factors involved in your selection of patricia knoll   -  reputation
sy and mimi
sy and mimi
 
patricia was professional and very helpful in dealing with the selling of our home. she went above and beyond my expectations.
factors involved in your selection of patricia knoll - 1. worked with patricia in past  2. reputation
adean
adean h.
 
what factors were involved in your selection of patricia knoll:  spoke spanish, seemed honest and one who would get it done.
we are very thankful! you sold a tough house in a difficult market! couldn't have done it without you.
susan and dan j. 
susan and dan j.
 
good job during a very difficult market!
karen n.
karen n.
 
patricia did a good job in a bad market.
joyce k.
joyce k.
 
excellent agent - goes the extra mile!
jodi f.
jodi f.
 
patricia was outstanding to work with. she is funny, professional and went out of her way to help us when we were uncertain what we wanted. we love the property we bought, and everyone we dealth with were great. thank you! jerry & suzanne s.

 
both my husband and myself were in sales so we know the best when we see it. she is awesome! margaret l.
margaret l.
 

scroll left
scroll right

testimonials







 
 







market trends

                        trends regarding real estate sales in the most popular areas that you might be interested in. click "view graph" to see a graph of the last 18 months.
                    

area
sale price
30-day prices














property alerts
let us do the work for you! please fill in the form below and we will register you to receive daily property alerts for new listings based on the criteria you put in the description.

enter your name





enter your email





enter your message







for system use only


get my listing alerts



home valuation

                    a home valuation is a comparative market analysis report prepared by a real estate agent, comparing your property to similar properties on the market. included in the report are homes currently for sale and homes recently sold through the local listing.
                
get my home valuation



contact information
 
patricia knoll
 sellstate priority realty network inc.
 239-209-0104
 3321 del prado blvd scape coral, fl 33904











                
                created and hosted by direct axess opens in new window | copyright © 2025 | privacy policy opens in new window | dmca opens in new window | accessibility opens in new window
scroll to top
linkedin - opens in new window
facebook - opens in new window







