







additech


















































        
          
            additech
          
        
      




















































              home
            

            additive
          

            dispenser
          

            store locator
          

            news
          



















































homeadditivedispenserstore locatornews





                
                  
                    additech
                  
                
              











scroll






 









  

your fuel can do morerestore your vehicle’s power, performance, & mileage with additech fuel additives at the pump.









 

complete fuel system care made easywe rely a lot on our vehicles to take us where we need to go. and no matter what make or model your vehicle is, over time your engine will lose power, performance, and fuel economy just by driving unless it’s properly maintained. additech combines the best in world-class fuel additives with the precision of perfect blending ratios right at the fuel pump to provide your car with the performance, reliability and fuel economy you deserve. no messy bottles or trash, and getting additech is as simple as the push of a button before or during your fuel transaction.with fuel powered by additech, you can rest easy knowing your vehicle will drive better, farther, longer.

 

you can find additech at

 

















































  

pick a maintenance cycle that works for youregardless of where you purchase additech, we offer 3 different treat rate sizes at the pump based on your driving habits. to get the full benefits of additech, use the prescribed product level based on quarterly clean never used a fuel additive before or engine rough idling more than you would like? start here with quarterly clean and use every 3,000 miles after that.monthly clean this monthly maintenance will prevent carbon deposits from forming and keep your fuel system components running at their best all year long.weekly clean on the road all the time? use weekly clean every week or every gas fill-up.

 




 

so why does my vehicle need fuel additives?when additech is mixed with your gasoline, our fuel system cleaner works with your engine to remove built up carbon deposits on your intake valves, fuel injectors, and combustion chamber










port fuel injection fuel system















fuel injectors have a pretty important job when it comes to delivering fuel to your engine. carbon deposit build-up on these injectors can inhibit fuel flow which leads to poor fuel economy, rough idling, and a reduction in performance. using additech regularly not only cleans existing deposits, but prevents them from forming and making sure your fuel injectors are working at peak performance.













intake valves are the gatekeepers to your combustion chamber by not only allowing air and fuel through, but also sealing the combustion chamber. deposits build up on the heads of these intake valves and act as sponges soaking up fuel, robbing your engine from it’s expected air/fuel mixture. this leads to lower power and performance and increased emissions?













as carbon deposits build up in the combustion chamber they soak up heat and creates hot spots on the piston heads. these hot spots can cause fuel to ignite prematurely and causing knocks and pings and in severe cases can seriously damage your fuel system.










direct injection engine fuel system





is additech safe for my vehicle?additech is safe for all gasoline powered vehicles.can i use additech in my diesel vehicle?additech is designed for gasoline fueled vehicles only. it is not recommended to use additech with diesel at this time.how does additech compare to top tier detergent gasoline?additech enhanced gasoline exceeds top tier detergent gasoline standards anywhere from 1.2x - 3x based on the product treat rate purchased.how does additech compare to bottled additives?additech is mixed directly into your gasoline upon time of purchase, it requires less fillers for the product to mix properly. because of this additech is 3x more concentrated than aftermarket bottled additives.is it possible that my engine could run rougher after using additech the first time?an older or high mileage engine may run rough temporarily due to the cleaning of significant amounts of accumulated gunk inside your engine. the fuel-economy robbing carbon deposits are being cleaned, broken up and flushed through the system. in some rare cases, the carbon deposits get dislodged but not completely flushed out from your fuel system resulting in your engine running rough temporarily. it is an indication that additech is working and the deposits are flushing out of your system. to complete the cleaning use an additional treatment of the additech on your next couple of fill ups. continue to use additech on a regular basis to maintain a clean fuel system.

 






home main



about



faq's












additech inc
13000 executive drive,
sugar land, tx, 77478,
united states
(800) 243-2941
mktg@additech.com


hours
mon 8am-5pm
tue 8am-5pm
wed 8am-5pm
thu 8am-5pm
fri 8am-5pm




contact usprivacy policyterms of useinsurance mrfs










