


j geoff malta ~ web development & video editing ~ short films

















 










  personal websites by 
j geoff malta 
  services
·   short 
      films · resumé · 
      portfolio
· email 


15 year anniversary









 
 
 in 1995, the 
        godfather trilogy was the first to honor these films and it continues 
        to be the definitive site having been featured on tv and radio, in newspapers 
        and magazines.  
 

 when mario 
        puzo and his friend carol saw my godfather trilogy site, they 
        paid their respects. to pay my respects, i put a site up for mario, still 
        under construction.  


 
 
 make 
        way for the bad guy: scarface (1983) has also been around since 
        1995, and was the first scarface site. i made sure to include plenty of 
        sound files on this one. check out the flash intro.  

 
 a small tribute 
        to my hometown heroes, toms river (nj) east ~ 1998 little league 
        world series champions! 
         



 "my 
        totally awesome homepage!!" 


 this is a 
        hilarious spoof - a very ugly page that does everything you shouldn't. 
        there were thousands of pages like this on the 
        web in the '96-'97 era. that's why a lot of people think this one is real. 
         
 
 fly by 
        night rush page 
 this one pays 
        homage to rush, the canadian 
        prog-rock band. it's old and fairly ugly and amateurish, but i haven't 
        had time to fix it up. it's quite popular because of all the midi files, 
        though.  




more of my sites:

gangsterbb.net
a message 
        board community for fans of gangster movies and shows like the godfather, 
        scarface, the sopranos, goodfellas, casino, etc, as well as for author 
        mario puzo. also includes general discussion topics such as sports, video 
        games, current events, etc.






mobposters.com
a store 
        offering posters, prints, photos and gifts — focusing on mob films 
        like the godfather, scarface, the sopranos, goodfellas, casino, and actors 
        al pacino, robert de niro, etc. also general interest items.






acmeposters.com
a store 
        offering posters, prints, photos, apparel, wall tapestries, calendars 
        and more gifts in the most popular categories such as movies, music, art, 
        television, sports, and many more. 400,000+ items in all.






dopeposters.com
a store 
        offering posters, prints, photos and gifts — focusing on the most 
        popular items for college dorm rooms. themes such as universities, college 
        sports, college life, hot babes and guys, and more. also general interest 
        items.






comics-posters.com
a store 
        offering posters, prints, photos and gifts — focusing on comic books 
        and cartoons. themes such as marvel comics, dc comics, darkhourse comics, 
        and more. search for movies such as spider-man, x-men, etc. also general 
        interest items.





  a 
        bit about me: 
 
services ·  
short films ·
resumé · portfolio
· email 



after 2 masters degrees 
        and 4+ years in psychology, i took a career twist. after working on polygram 
        records' website for a year and a half, i began freelancing (ah, nice 
        to work from home!). i've since worked on projects for various companies 
        from new york to l.a., including marvel 
        comics, universal 
        music, cnbc, avatar 
        records, and more. i also spent another year and a half in new york 
        for marvel.com. i've 
        been freelancing/consulting again for various clients across the country. 
        after a few years, i've tried to get more into video editing, so slowed 
        down on the website building to concentrate on that. i'm currently 
        a videographer and video editor, and have begun making some short 
        films for fun.
 


check out my portfolio 
          ...or the obligatory resumé









  domain 
        names available
 
email an offer  




bearockstar.com - reality tv show? online music lessons?
bearockstar.net - reality tv show? online music lessons?
acethebass.com - set of 5 domains great for a music lessons site! 
acethedrums.com - set of 5 domains great for a music lessons site! 
acetheguitar.com - set of 5 domains great for a music lessons site! 
acethekeys.com - set of 5 domains great for a music lessons site! 
acethevocals.com - set of 5 domains great for a music lessons site! 
musicbiz411.com - informational site for the music business
musicbiz411.net - informational site for the music business
r-e-s-p-e-c-t.com - money... power... respect. or an aretha franklin fan site?
tellmeallaboutit.com - title of a song, book, etc...?
xxxdreams.net - need a porn domain?
xxxdreams.org - need a porn domain?
your1st.com - i envision a series of books: your 1st computer, your 1st baby, your 1st plane ride, etc...
yourdvdpro.com - great domain for dvd information or creation!
stuckinthecloset.com - gay helpline?
inthemuse.com - arts & music news site?

whatsmygender.com 
        - let visitors decide if members are boys or girls...?  



















hosted by













  ©1995-2010 
  j geoff malta  






 



