 micalline – no leak shower systems and premium countertops    
skip to contentmicalline
call: 803-783-5110


 
visit us

 free consultation


 



 





menu
showers and bathscountertopsabout uswhy micallineour customersproduct galleryresource  drawingshot saleblogsfaqcontact us
showers and bathscountertopsabout uswhy micallineour customersproduct galleryresource  drawingshot saleblogsfaqcontact us


 reliable partnersserving commercial and
residential clients since 1966manufacturers and distributorshome of the no leak
micalline showers and bathsfabricators and installers#1 for premium countertops in
granite, marble, quartz, etc.


view all products




call us: 803-783-5110

ada optionsada optionscurbless, roll-in, and ramped entry seating to allow for ease of usegrab bars to assist in balanceno slip flooring to ensure safe experience
view products                                                                                              no leak shower systemsno leak shower systemswatertight construction to prevent leaksgroutless tilesseveral color and pattern optionswaterproof, shatter-resistanteasy to clean
view products                                                                                              durable countertopsdurable countertopswide variety of engineered and natural stonesheat, stain, & scratch resistant granite, quartz, marble etc.precise fabrication 
view products                                                                                              bathroom & kitchen remodeling done your way.elevate your bathroom and kitchen with micalline showers and countertops. unlike competitors, we offer extensive customization in colors, surfaces, and sizes. for a truly personalized remodel, choose micalline surfaces.


view visualizer


you deserve thebest qualitydon’t settle for ordinary when it comes to your bathroom or kitchen remodel. instead, choose micalline for quality service, products, and experience.


request a consultation


endless remodeling possibilitieselevate your space with micalline surfaces. unlike competitors, we offer extensive customization in colors, surfaces, and sizes. for a truly personalized remodel, choose micalline.shower renovationada friendly systemscountertop upgradesdesign gallery

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


view full gallery


one of a kind innovationmicalline pioneers cultured marble with eco-friendly, shatter-resistant surfaces that mimic natural stone while offering easy maintenance. our ada-compliant, barrier-free shower systems ensure a leak-proof, futureproof investment.what people are sayingmicalline surfaces4.6based on 62 reviewsreview us onjon sawyer03:06 10 aug 24the guys did an excellent job. will be using them again very soon.karl johnson03:14 29 jul 24the entire experience was exceptional, from selecting the materials through the installation.  the installation team were very efficient and did a flawless job. they installed my kitchen counter with backdrop and three bathrooms in less than 6 hrs and returned a second day to install backdrop in about 2 hrs. i would highly recommend this company to anyone wanting to replace their countertops.holly kyle18:16 23 jul 24doug seidenstricker20:05 04 mar 24great attention to detail. was quoted and installed with in a couple of weeks. the cornerstone countertops are top notch for all countertop needs. thank you elvis and crew for your awesome service.ritchie mcqueeney02:55 02 mar 24great service.delightful daze candle co.14:29 23 jan 24i had a very pleasant experience with micalline surfaces.  they professionally installed new countertops.  after the initial payment, they installed them within two weeks.  let me start my by saying it completely changed the look of my kitchen.  the installers were very kind and took the time to explain to my husband and myself  what we needed to know.  i would highly recommend you go with them if you are looking for a modern and updated kitchen.  needless to say, it is my favorite room in the house!racquel thompson17:22 12 dec 23my experience was great. ms. mary was very helpful with helping me pick out my selection. i like that she and her co-workers were very honest about certain materials. the crew came in and did their thing. everyone was so pleasing to help. my countertops looks amazing.featured on

why micalline?introduction to micallineinvisacook on kornerstone - safe, efficient and beautiful combinationmicalline no leak shower system detailstour of the micalline cultured marble productionmicalline customer testimonialcountertop selection made easycountertops by micalline surfacesno leak custom showers and baths by micallineheat, stain and scratch resistant kornerstone with invisible cooktop and micalline grout-less tilesstain test on kornerstone, granite, quartzite, marble and quartzimpact test on granite, marble, kornerstone, quartz and quartzitebeautiful quartz showerlocally and beyond
micalline is located in columia, south carolina, but our services extend worldwide. we’ve
partnered with top interior designers, contractors, builders, and architects in south carolina,
supplying and installing natural and engineered stone products for diverse projects.request a consultationto bring your dream of a new kitchen or bathroom to life, contact the experienced team at micalline today!


book consultation




call us







about us

while we call columbia, sc home, our services reach all over the world. we have worked with south carolina’s leading interior designers, contractors, builders, and architects to supply and install our natural and engineered stone products.quick links



 
home


 
showers & baths


 
countertops


 
why us


 
customers


 
faq


 
blog


 
contact us


 
resource drawings
contact information

phone: 803-783-5110email: info@micalline.comaddress: 1717 pineview dr. columbia, sc 29209



 scroll to top              



