





maui a.a. intergroup of hawaii, inc.





























skip to content
















home
meetings

meeting guide mobile app


events
newsletter
service
a.a. by island
make a contribution

 



 






 refresh your browser to get the most up-to-date information

aloha
anyone with a desire to stop drinking is welcome, regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, income or profession. and it’s free. ready for your first a.a.meeting? you can just sit and listen and learn more about recovery, or you can share about your situation. it’s completely up to you.


for maui in-person aa meetings, see link below:

maui aa in-person meetings


for maui online aa meetings, see links below:


maui aa online meetings


moloka’i aa online meetings


legend(c) closed meeting: indicates meetings for alcoholics and/or people who have a desire to stop drinking.all other meetings, unless indicated otherwise, are open to anyone.

 


call alcoholics anonymous on maui

phones are answered 24/7


808-244-9673

 


need a copy of the maui aa meeting schedule? click link below


printable schedule of alcoholics anonymous meetings


 


what is a.a.?  a brief guide to aa  a newcomer asks  is aa for you?  is there an alcoholic in your life?  es a.a. para usted?  a.a. grapevine


maui central office serves maui county’s aa members and groups by: maintaining a 24-hour phone service, publishing a meeting schedule of all aa meetings, stocking a complete line of aa conference-approved literature, publishing a monthly newsletter, and acting as a contact between the local aa groups and the general public. the online schedules are updated instantly upon notice of changes. please forward all corrections/additions to the maui central office or to: info@aamaui.orgthe  maui intergroup and central office pamphlet contains more information about maui intergroup and central office. to view it, please click the link.


 as always, we welcome your comments and suggestions for enhancements to our website.these can be directed to info@aamaui.org. 


 

national online meetings resource:


national aa meetings online


zoom: protecting anonymity resource:


protecting anonymity and default settings for zoom


member contributions to maui aa intergroup


contribute to maui aa intergroup


for information about maui intergroup monthly business meeting held on the second saturday of every month @ 6p, please see ‘service’ tab.
 






 maui a.a. central office:
70 central avenue, suite #1
wailuku, hi 96793
view map
office hours:
mon., fri.  10:30a – 4:30p
tues., wed. thurs.,  10a – 1p
sat.  10a – 1p
(please call ahead)
telephone:
808-244-9673
phones are answered 24/7
email:
info@aamaui.org






copyright © 2025 maui a.a. intergroup of hawaii, inc.. theme by colorlib powered by wordpressthe pages of this website are not endorsed nor approved by alcoholics anonymous world services, inc. they are solely provided by maui intergroup as part of its 12 step work in reaching out to the alcoholic who still suffers. some of the items on these pages were originally published by a.a. world services, but do not assume that this implies continued approval by the general service conference for their use in these pages. alcoholics anonymous, a.a., and the big book are registered trademarks of alcoholics anonymous world services, inc

 





