










pain relief with farabloc naturally - farabloc development corporation





























































 




 


skip to content








(866) 941 4711|info@farabloc.com 

contactshopinformationsitemapprivacysupportdisclaimerfarabloc custom fit (canada)my accountcheckoutcart 










  


search for:







56239
homeaboutrecognitionfarabloc development corporationour productour producthow farabloc workshow to use farablocproduct carefaqapplicationsamputation and phantom limb painfibromyalgiamuscle soreness and sports injuriestestimonialsarthritis – fibromyalgia – ankylosing spondilytiscarpal tunnel syndromechronic musculoskeletal painmenstrual painperipheral neuropathyphantom limb painsportsvideo testimonialsresearchmultimedia 









 





enjoy life again 
							with farabloc products 
							 


enjoy life again 
							emf protection with farabloc  
							 





 




homemichelle castillo2023-12-31t13:46:16-08:00 
applicationsfibromyalgia
phantom limb pain
muscle soreness
sport injurieslearn moreour productfarabloc has been subjected to many years of scientific studies at some of the world’s greatest institutions to the point where incontrovertible evidence exists of its impact and value with some medical conditions.learn moreresearchthe corporate culture of farabloc has been committed to science and the highest standards of research on the effects of the absence of electromagnetic fields (emf).learn morecontrolling chronic pain in the absence of emfas electronic devices grow in daily use, so does the amount of electromagnetic fields (emf). emf is a physical force of electrically charged objects that cannot be seen by the naked eye. clinical and published studies have shown that emf has a direct impact on chronic pain. farabloc is a cloth like material that has been tested and proven to provide high emf protection when wrapped or placed on the area of injury.

farabloc is a pain relief system used in various fields of managing chronic and acute pain. patients who use farabloc report less pain, faster recovery and better sleep as a result of decreasing their exposure to high emf. farabloc was invented more than 30 years ago to combat amputee phantom limb pain and has since been researched and recognized by health agencies and organizations in both europe and north america.recent news









the absence of high emf (ambient and man-made electromagnetic fields) has a profound impact on injury including recovery from surgery, burns, amputee phantom pain and chronic pain.



combining the absence of electromagnetic fields and mirror therapy to improve outcomes for persons with lower-limb vascular amputationofficial journal of the american academy of orthotists and prosthetists
jpo journal of prosthetics & orthotics
october 2016 – volume 28 – issue 4 – p 154–164
doi: 10.1097/jpo.0000000000000108
houston, helen ms, otr/l; dickerson, anne e. phd, otr/l, scdcm, faota; wu, qiang phd
read abstract >
 




pain and phantom limbsa publication by the war amps of canada
 
read publication here >>
read excerpt here >>




improving functional outcomes for vascular amputees through use of mirror therapy and elimination of the effects of electromagnetic fields.this study aimed to ascertain the effectiveness of using a combined treatment protocol of eliminating electromagnetic fields by use of the farabloc technology and the exercise program of mirror therapy. the main hypothesis was that the combined treatment protocol would have a more significant effect than either treatment in isolation. decreasing edema and the discomfort due to phantom limb pain would improve the functional activities and quality of life of vascular amputees with lower extremity amputations. this was found to be true.
occupational therapy health care, 2016
pmid: 26295593
read abstract  >>
excerpt: ”farabloc technology” >>











man’s best friend – farabloc in use by amputated dogsread more >>






 
 





bbb accredited business 
 

farabloc’s direct phone numbers: local : (604) 941-8201
toll free: (866) 941-4711

mailing address

2 – 8330 young road, chilliwack, bc,   v2p 4n9

 

licensed by health canada farabloc development corporation holds an establishment license issued by health canada. farabloc products present no risk to your health. there are no side effects unless you happen to be allergic to nylon or steel.
 

sitemap
privacy
disclaimer
support
shop
custom fit
 

 
 
 





		copyright 2023 farabloc development corp.| all rights reserved | website development  by spot on digital marketing 



 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





contact
shop
information

sitemap
privacy
support
disclaimer
farabloc custom fit (canada)


my account
checkout
 

thank you for shopping with farabloc! 
 






 
 
page load link













































































































go to top




