















palmetto bay, fl  | official website








  















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    government      online services      business      residents      how do i...  


 

 

 

 





 















 






  
 
 












search







 
 
 












 














garage sales








report a concern








parks








permits










 
 














public records








employment








police








passports










 
 
 

























 
 
 










 














village newsstay up to date
 






  
 









     





 
 














be part of the safe streets palmetto bay project 


we'll be happy to have you!						read on...







tree of the year 


nominations for the 2025 tree of the year is live!						read on...







view our drafted resilience action plan 


your feedback and questions are welcome!						read on...







veterans park moves forward 


construction drawings are complete for all three phases of the project and phase 1 is coming up!						read on...







good news if you're planning a garage sale 


applying for a permit is now faster than ever						read on...







a message to residents from mayor cunningham 


the mayor gives the latest details about the council's recent decision regarding the sw 87th avenue bridge project.						read on...







a message to residents 


a message from mayor karyn cunningham addressing the court's decision regarding the sw 87th avenue bridge project, and our path forward.						read on...







policymakers 2024 video series 


get to know our mayor and village council through our policymaker video series!						read on...







fail to stop, prepare to pay 


stopping for a school bus is the law!						read on...







check out your bi-weekly village news 


find community news and updates right here!						read on...







village hall will be closed for president's day 


find out what's open and what's closed for the holiday						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 











 














calendar & updatesconnect with the village of parks
 






  
 
 














sun, feb. 16  

yoga by the bay

yoga by the bayread on


sun, feb. 16  

palmetto bay artisan & farmer's market

palmetto bay artisan & farmer's marketread on


mon, feb. 17  

 stretch & relax class for active adults (55+)

 stretch & relax class for active adults (55+)read on


mon, feb. 17  

 stretch & relax class for active adults (55+)

 stretch & relax class for active adults (55+)read on


tue, feb. 18 		 - wed, feb. 19
 

notice of council travel - tallahassee, fl (2025 legislative agenda)

notice of council travel - tallahassee, fl (2025 legislative agenda)read on






tue, feb. 18  

aarp smart driver course

aarp smart driver courseread on


wed, feb. 19  

pilates core and stretch class

pilates core and stretch classread on


fri, feb. 21  

teacher of the year parade

teacher of the year paraderead on


fri, feb. 21  

youth community involvement task force ("ycitf") meeting 

youth community involvement task force ("ycitf") meeting read on


sun, feb. 23  

yoga by the bay

yoga by the bayread on





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 











be part of the safe streets palmetto bay project 

we'll be happy to have you!				read on...




tree of the year 

nominations for the 2025 tree of the year is live!				read on...




view our drafted resilience action plan 

your feedback and questions are welcome!				read on...




veterans park moves forward 

construction drawings are complete for all three phases of the project and phase 1 is coming up!				read on...




good news if you're planning a garage sale 

applying for a permit is now faster than ever				read on...





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 















 






  
 









     





 
 



  
 







contact us







village hall9705 east hibiscus streetpalmetto bay, fl 33157phone: 305-259-1234after hours phone: 305-506-7965village directory
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







agendas & minutes



meeting videos



ordinances



resolutions









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









