








sos for windows



















































washington, michigan


307.745.4020
sos@whitelightcomputing.com











 

choose mall software

not computerized?
already computerized?
why sos?
testimonials
faq
sample screens
hardware requirements


products & pricing

basic
lite
premium
cloud backup services
merchant processing


free demo
purchase

payment terms
user agreement
guarantee
privacy policy
hardware


sos support
contact us

about us
enhancement ideas


 
 






















sos for windows
the best mall software on the planet!

saves time & money
minimize the time and energy you and your staff spend hand writing receipts, calculating seller payouts, and creating checks for sellers.







customizable
no need to change the way you do business or the procedures you use because the built-in customizing routines provide exceptional flexibility.







less paperwork
automate your point of sale, payout activities, and report generation. antiques sos makes serving your customers & dealers easy and virtually flawless.







easy to use
computer training and expertise are not required. our user base ranges from new to comptuer clerks to tech savvy business owners. anyone can use sos!







supported
have tech support questions? we're ready to answer them via phone, email, or fax. sos is also constantly being updated by our skilled devleopers.







proven track record
more than 1,500 copies of sos have been sold over the last 29 years. today nearly 1,000 stores use sos in 48 states, canada, and australia!









additional features
all versions of sos offer the ability to service regular dealers and consignors, record retail, wholesale, and layaway sales, customize payment types, make returns/voids/corrections/item transfers, reprint invoices, maintain dealer and customer files, deduct commission, automate the payout process, print dealer 1099k or 1099-misc reports, and much more! below are features that are included in our premium package, but can be added à la carte to the basic or lite.




rent management
track the rents due and rents paid by your sellers. optionally define a floor plan file of all your available rent areas, assign one or more rent areas to the appropriate seller, set the expected rent for each month, post rent payments made, and optionally deduct rent from sales in the seller payout process.





check printing
antiques sos offers the option of printing checks for dealer payout reports directly from sos (standard business checks—3 checks per 8.5”x11” page) to your inkjet/laserjet printer, exporting data into quickbooks pro desktop, or exporting data into quicken (versions prior to 2005).







consignment inventory
sos offers two types of inventory. regular inventory is a good choice for new, replenishable merchandise. consignment inventory is generally used for one of a kind items being consigned by a private party.





gift certificates
sell, redeem, and track gift certificate balances with the gift certificate feature. gift certificates print right out of sos and allow a custom message for the recipient.







 

about us
sos for windows is a software point-of-sales system, especially designed for owners of antique malls, craft malls, interior design centers, art galleries, consignment stores, flea markets, or any store making sales of merchandise owned by more than one person. sos has been serving the mall community since 1986. 









copyright 2025 sos for windows
  powered by white light computing, inc.










