















east grand forks, mn | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    home      departments      community      business      visitors      i want to...  


 

 

 

 

 





 







alert center







 city hall & other city offices will be closed on february 17th in observance of presidents' day


  carbon monoxide/smoke alarm program available






/alertcenter.aspx


 
 
 





 















notify me








report a concern










 
 















agendas & minutes








water & light










 
 















make a payment








library










 
 
 

















  		








news








city hall & other offices will be closed on february 17th in observance of presidents' day 

city hall along with other city offices will be closed on monday, february 17th in observance of the presidents' day holiday.  there will not be a delay in residential refuse and recycling pickup that week.	




view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 








calendar










february 17  

library closed presidents' day

library closed presidents' dayread on...


february 18  

10:00 am women's book study group

always open to new people! we read one book over many weeks for ample time to read and discuss each selection.		
10:00 am women's book study groupread on...


february 18  

city council meeting

city council meetingread on...





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 







public notice








city hall & other offices will be closed on february 17th in observance of presidents' day 

city hall and other city offices will be closed on monday, february 17th in observance of the presidents' day holiday.  there will not be a delay in residential refuse and recycling pickup this week.	



notice of intergovernmental retreat on february 20th starting at 12pm 

on february 20th at the spud jr’s prohibition room from 12pm-4pm the city of egf and chamber of gf/egf will host the annual intergovernmental retreat. the city council and eda board have been invited, and a quorum may be present at the meeting.	



schedule of city council meetings & work sessions for 2025 

the city council meeting schedule has been set for 2025.  council meetings will be held on the 1st and 3rd tuesday of each month starting at 5pm in the council chambers located on the 2nd floor of city hall.				read on...





view all notices




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 









 















 






  
 














facebook








twitter










 
 







contact us







city of east grand forks
600 demers avenue
east grand forks, mn 56721

contact us
 






  
 







quick links







city council



election information



employment opportunities



flood information



municipal code









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







site links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 










government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


















  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









