
















college of education & applied human sciences - eastern kentucky university






































































eastern kentucky university
|
859-622-1000
|
admissions@eku.edu



apply
visit
donate
onelogin
ineku
 
















 
academics
admissions
tuition & aid
life @ eku
athletics
alumni
about
info for
 












search




                                advanced search
                            























































academicsadmissionstuition & aidlife @ ekuathleticsalumniaboutinfo for 



donate
athletics
community
alumni


students
employees
onelogin






            apply now

            get info

            search
            








            back
        














 









college of education & applied human sciences









college of education & applied human sciences







 

eku college of education & applied human sciences 


 

← eastern kentucky university 



join a community of difference makers
create positive changes and impact the world
eku’s college of education and applied human sciences offers programs that equip our graduates to become school and community leaders. programs are offered in-person, online and through hybrid models to serve our region and the nation. fulfill your dream of becoming a teacher, school leader, mental health professional, dietician, or interpreter. if making a difference is important to you, we will partner with you to develop your passion into a rewarding career.
apply now
schedule a visit


learn more





loading… 
































button






college of education & applied human sciences departments


department of american sign language & interpreter education
department of applied human sciences
department of clinical therapeutic programs
department of teaching, learning & educational leadership






discover our professional education services office
the college’s office of professional education services provides ongoing support for students as they transition through graduate and undergraduate programs aimed at becoming highly qualified educators. we support students throughout the course of their college career from providing critical information during freshman orientation to working with licensing bodies on recommendations for certification upon program completion, the office is well prepared to assist you as you work toward your goal of becoming a teacher.
eastern kentucky university’s clinical experiences (observation and student teaching) are paired with courses offered through the college of education and applied human sciences. this intentional integration is aligned with professional standards and practices that have been shown to prepare exceptional educators. other critical components of education programs that are supported by the office of professional education services include admittance to professional education, student teaching, graduation, and teacher certification.

student stories & features


see all student stories

emma moffetteku family and consumer sciences education studentthe faculty at eku has played a large role in my experience at eku. i have learned so much from the professors teaching my classes. the labs that eku has on campus allowing students to sew, cook, teach preschoolers, and observe students in the classroom is a great plus to eku. the professors are so knowledgeable about what they are teaching their students; and with the smaller class sizes building relationships within the classroom with my peers as well as professors is something i cherish.alex bowmaneku family and consumer sciences education graduatewhat i found surprising about the fcs education program at eku was the variety of course work you get to take. as a family and consumer sciences teacher you are required to be knowledgeable in many topics including child development, foods and nutrition, hospitality and tourism, and fashion and interior design. i was worried that i would not have a solid understanding of each area. however, through the program at eku i became very well rounded. earning a bachelors degree in family and consumer sciences has allowed me to work at my dream job. i love getting to do what…crickett ravizeeeku clinical mental health counseling studentconnecting with my cohort has been my favorite experience. its nice working with people who also have a drive to help others and want to better the world.

dean’s messagemission & vision


message from dean, dr. elizabeth e. smith
i was drawn to eku and the college because we are a school of opportunity. i imagine you have chosen eku in part because of our commitment to your success; from financial aid to the food pantry and faculty mentoring, we provide the support you will need to grow and graduate. many years ago, i was a low-income student who wanted to go to college but knew my family couldn’t pay for it. a high school counselor helped me figure out how to pay for college and a university faculty mentor helped me find financial resources to finish college and prepare for graduate school. both of them and many, many other educators and community leaders positively impacted my life, so it’s my mission to pass on that support to the next generation—you!
as you move throughout your time at eku, please ask for help when you need it. i am here to support you. if you don’t know how to find a building or need supplies or don’t understand an assignment, ask us! our faculty, staff, and student ambassadors are available to answer your questions and support you toward graduation. 





you can always reach me at elizabeth.smith@eku.edu; i’d love to buy you your favorite starbucks drink or meet up with you over zoom to learn about your passion and how i can support you.
– dr. elizabeth e. smith, dean of the college of education and applied human services





college of education & applied human sciences mission & vision
mission
as eastern kentucky university is the school of opportunity where everyone belongs, the faculty and staff of the college of education and applied human sciences also meet students where they are to help them achieve their goals and dreams. student success is ensured through innovative knowledge-building and personalized support to help students develop proficiency and confidence as practitioners and leaders in their fields. the college’s graduates are lifelong learners, invested in their own development and the well-being of all with whom they work and live.
vision
eastern kentucky university’s college of education and applied human sciences will pursue excellence in teaching, learning, scholarship, and service to the university and our stakeholders, and will foster the pursuit of excellence among our students.






quick links

scholarship opportunities
minors
resources for current students, faculty & staff
caep accountability measures




upcoming events

see all events










			feb		

			13		








february 13 @ 8:00 am - february 14 @ 5:00 pm 



		provost’s leadership institute	



						february 13th, 2025powell 2199:00 am - 4:30 pm february 14th, 2025powell 2199:00 am - 4:30 pmcelebration 4:30 pm - 6:30...					









			feb		

			15		








10:00 am - 11:30 am 



event series









		saturday ot information sessions	



						students will need to email brynn.boggs@eku.edu to sign up, and send their unofficial transcripts to register for the event.					









			feb		

			17		








		all day	



		midterm grades (online courses) – spring a	











			feb		

			17		








2:00 pm - 3:00 pm 



		peak performance weekly workshop	



						experience test anxiety? struggling with procrastination? want to be more motivated? peak performance is for you! peak performance is a...					









			feb		

			18		








3:30 pm - 4:30 pm 



event series









		spring 2025 chellgren success workshop series: eku scholarships	



						a representative from big e central will be here to talk about how to apply for eku scholarships. registration is...					








		view calendar	









news & updates

see all news & updates

eku continues addressing teacher shortage with option 9 competency-based education courses for elementary education certificationwith the state’s on-going teacher shortage, eastern kentucky university (eku) offers innovative approaches to place educators in classrooms across the state. the kentucky department of education’s school report card notes a nearly […]october 24, 2024café burrier serves up a gourmet experience in richmondthe stoves are on and culinary expertise is simmering on the third floor of the burrier building at eastern kentucky university (eku). operated and managed by eku applied human sciences […]october 16, 2024welcome to eku: a freshman’s guide to fall semesteras summer wraps up, eastern kentucky university (eku) is preparing for the arrival of new students for the fall 2024 semester. here are some essential dates and tips for incoming […]august 2, 2024


contact information
college of education & applied human sciences
combs buildingroom 420
859-622-1175ceahsdean@eku.edu
department directory




































                            521 lancaster ave.
                            richmond, ky 40475
                        



















about
board of regents
office & department directory
university policies
eku faculty & staff
state authorization
accreditation
 


resources
eku libraries
eku bookstore
information technology
cares fund distribution
jobs at eku
ineku
 


news
news & updates
alumni magazine
the eastern progress
 


related sites
weku 88.9
the university club at arlington
 



© 2025 all rights reserved eastern kentucky university
|
equal opportunity statement
|
privacy statement






 





































 



 




