




avaya | leader in cx, cloud collaboration & contact center solutions

































































































english


deutsch


español


français


italiano


português


日本語


中文

























search








                                    solutions
                                


















 innovation without disruption

                                    future-proof your customer and employee experiences.
                                


business outcome






                                                            improve customer experience
                                                            






                                                        deliver effortless experiences for customers and employees alike.
                                                    


self service
                                                        





                                                        reduce costs and customer wait times with autonomous ai assistance.
                                                    


assisted service
                                                        





                                                        enhance personalization and deliver faster, more effective service.
                                                    


seamless digital access
                                                        





                                                        drive engagement with a unified experience across all channels.
                                                    








                                                            increase employee engagement
                                                            






                                                        ai-powered guidance equips your agents with better support tools.
                                                    


connected employee
                                                        





                                                        business continuity and collaboration no matter the time zone.
                                                    


workforce engagement
                                                        





                                                        stronger employee experiences, stronger business growth.
                                                    








                                                            drive business growth 
                                                            






                                                        reduce costs and streamline customer support.
                                                    


customer journey orchestration
                                                        





                                                        synchronize experiences for more personalized, effective journeys.
                                                    


proactive customer care
                                                        





                                                        ai-led predictive analytics answer questions before they’re asked. 
                                                    









industries


healthcare


education


financial services


media and entertainment


government















                                    products
                                


















contact center
 avaya experience platform

                                    a comprehensive enterprise cx platform designed for the ai age.
                                








                                                            axp on-prem
                                                            






                                                        a full-featured contact center solution with real-time reporting.
                                                    








                                                            axp private cloud
                                                            






                                                        a secure, dedicated cloud contact center on microsoft azure.
                                                    








                                                            axp public cloud
                                                            






                                                        a scalable and advanced enterprise cx solution.
                                                    








integrated communications
 avaya communication & collaboration suite

                                    enhance productivity and foster connectivity across your business.
                                








                                                            avaya aura
                                                            






                                                        cloud-ready pathways that connect avaya with third-party apis.
                                                    








                                                            avaya cloud office
                                                            






                                                        customize communications in one app for ultimate flexibility. 
                                                    








                                                            avaya ip office 
                                                            






                                                        a full-featured unified comms platform, managed on-premises.
                                                    









devices


devices catalog
see all devices in one place.




core features


apis and sdks
access the latest avaya sdks and api resources.


privacy
avaya safeguards privacy in all directions, always built-in.















                                    services & support
                                


















services for customer success
 avaya services

                                    our team of experts to help you get the most out of avaya.
                                








                                                            aces professional services
                                                            






                                                        consult with our team to support robust customer journeys.
                                                    








                                                            managed services
                                                            






                                                        consult years of expert staff with infrastructure and app questions.
                                                    








                                                            learning services
                                                            






                                                        help your team gain skills and credentials for avaya’s robust solutions.
                                                    








                                                            support services
                                                            






                                                        maximize performance and reliability with always-on support.
                                                    









support


support portal
access information and assistance for your avaya product.


documentation
answer your technical questions about avaya products.















                                    partners
                                


















alliances
 tech partners

                                    deliver innovative and complete solutions to your customers.
                                
































find a partner






                                                            partner locator
                                                            






                                                        find an authorized avaya channel partner in your part of the world.
                                                    








                                                            apis and sdks
                                                            






                                                        access the latest avaya sdks and api resources.
                                                    









become a partner


all programs
explore all of the partner types and programs available at avaya.


channel partners


sales agents


service provider















                                    resources
                                


















discover & learn








                                                            blogs
                                                            






                                                        get to know avaya through our blogs. insights on collaboration, customer experience, ai, digital.
                                                    








                                                            success stories
                                                            






                                                        hear directly from enterprise customers about the power of avaya.
                                                    








                                                            videos 
                                                            






                                                        watch the latest from avaya, industry and customer voices together.
                                                    








                                                            events
                                                            






                                                        meet avaya experts at our events, webinars, expos, conferences and more.
                                                    








                                                            newsroom
                                                            






                                                        see what’s hit the wire in customer and employee experience news.
                                                    









explore popular topics


ai virtual agent
engaging customers and empowering agents with conversational ai solutions.


transform your contact center to meet today's needs
discover more about this avaya and frost sullivan visual whitepaper









ai-powered mindfulness: the human element of innovation

                        here are three reasons why customer-centric companies must understand and prioritize ai-powered mindfulness, especially in the contact center.
                    

read the blog











get in touch












english


deutsch


español


français


italiano


português


日本語


中文

























search



get in touch








 























avaya experience platform - the future of cx today
unify customer and employee experiences with our ai-driven platform. ensure consistent interactions across every touchpoint and optimized workflows that drive business growth. 


explore avaya experience platform































what we do
avaya empowers cx innovation without disrupting your business
drive your enterprise forward with ai-powered solutions that enhance every interaction. whether elevating customer experiences, boosting agent productivity, or accelerating business growth, avaya empowers you to innovate, delivering measurable results with the flexibility to scale on your terms.


                    improve customer experiences
                

                    increase employee engagement
                

                    drive business growth
                










transform the full customer journey across every channel

deliver superior interactions with avaya’s customer experience solutions. harness the power of ai, self-service, and omnichannel integration to build long-term loyalty.



explore cx solutions
























empower employees with ai-enhanced workflows

elevate employee satisfaction and productivity with ai-driven workload forecasting and streamlined workflows that boost efficiency, minimize friction, and empower your teams.



explore ex solutions





















accelerate business growth with ai-powered innovation 

transform your business into a growth engine with ai-driven insights and journey orchestration that maximize customer lifetime value and operational efficiency.



accelerate growth























unlock the power of ai’s potential in contact centers 

explore how top providers are redefining the future of customer interactions in the aragon research globe for ai agent platforms in intelligent contact centers 2025. see how, with advancements in generative ai and conversational ai, these platforms offer smarter, faster, and more human-like response.



read the report













how we do it
fast-track innovation while minimizing disruption to your operations

with avaya, you’re in control of your cx transformation journey. our solutions empower you to choose how and when you innovate, engaging your customers and employees while driving measurable business results.





avaya experience platform

transform customer and employee experiences with ai-powered innovation. avaya experience platform integrates every communication channel—voice, video, messaging—into a unified cx experience for personalized, efficient interactions at scale.


explore avaya experience platform



communication & collaboration suite

connect your teams with integrated tools that support seamless communication across multiple channels, enhance collaboration, and drive business agility with scalable solutions that don’t disrupt existing operations.


explore avaya communication & collaboration suite












avaya powers innovation for the world’s leading enterprises














directv enhances customer experience for 15 million+ customers with avaya
with 10,000+ employees, directv leverages avaya’s experience platform to boost service efficiency, scale operations, and ensure 99.95% uptime while supporting 2,500 remote agents.


read the story








transforming insurance through empathy and innovation
through a strategic focus on customer experience and employee experience, aflac's achievements include an 11-percentage point increase in customer ease within 2 years and a 15% reduction in average handling time.


read the story








access bank leverages avaya technology to double its customer base by 2027
the bank uses a hybrid system combining avaya experience platform on-prem for voice, video banking, routing, and analytics with axp public cloud for digital channels and chatbot integration, creating a unified customer engagement platform. 



read the story








avaya drives konecta’s $2b growth without disruption
by automating key customer experience processes, reducing platform downtime, and navigating regulatory and security constraints, konecta scaled efficiently—growing revenue from $300m to $2b without disruptive overhauls.


read the story








leon county boosts citizen engagement with avaya communications
leon county, florida, enhances communication services for 275,000 residents and improves emergency response times. by leveraging avaya's cloud-based solutions, the county boosts productivity, reduces costs, and empowers 800 employees.


read the story








edenor transforms 31 million customer interactions with avaya
edenor, argentina’s largest electricity distributor, transformed 31.2 million interactions with avaya experience platform, boosting self-service by 19% and enhancing omnichannel support for customers across buenos aires.


read the story














why avaya
a cx platform built for experience and innovation on your terms
experience 
trusted globally, avaya leads in customer experience solutions backed by extensive partnerships and expertise.
innovation 
avaya’s cutting-edge technology helps businesses engage customers in impactful and innovative ways.
choice 
enjoy the flexibility to innovate on your terms, choosing the best path to accelerate growth and drive results.






avaya has been an aflac partner for so long…avaya helps empower us to achieve our vision at our pace in our current environment.

mary daniel vp customer solutions center, aflac












avaya powers cx for the world’s most trusted brands





explore avaya solutions







100%
10 of the top 10 food and drug companies globally trust avaya cx solutions



100%
10 of the top 10 global commercial and savings banks trust avaya contact center solutions



100%
10 of the top 10 global pharmaceutical companies trust avaya












helpful resources










video
cx + ex drives growth at access bank
access bank scales effortlessly with axp while managing 13 million daily transactions.





watch the video












video
innovate without disruption with avaya experience platform
streamline business processes and optimize value across your organization. choose how you customize your solutions.





watch the video









blog
ai-powered mindfulness: the human element of innovation
top reasons why customer-centric companies must prioritize ai-powered mindfulness in the contact center.





read the blog


















experience cx transformation with avaya

talk to an expert 



































why avaya






innovation without disruption




improve customer experiences




increase employee engagement




drive business growth




talk to an expert












products






avaya experience platform




avaya communication  & collaboration suite




devices catalog




integrations & apis












resources






success stories




blogs




events




videos & podcasts




newsroom












company






about avaya




sustainability




investor relations




awards




avaya trust center




avaya legal












careers






careers




diversity, equity,  inclusion, belonging












services & support






avaya services




support portal




contact avaya support




documentation




contact us




























stay connected







































© 2025 avaya llc






sitemap




terms of use




privacy




            cookies



trademarks




accessibility





















