








home - westtown township



































































 




				for active projects and detours visit: https://westtownpa.org/roads-public-works/  
x





  





get email alerts 


 search 


 











get email alerts 








 home
resident resources

bulletin board
online bill pay
on lot sewage management
permits, applications & forms
taxes
township code
trash & recycling
westtown gazette


boards and commissions

board of supervisors
asa advisory committee
environmental advisory council
historical commission
parks & recreation commission
planning commission

comprehensive plan


zoning hearing board
minutes archives


departments

building, zoning, & codes
emergency management
finance
roads & public works
sewer information
stormwater management


parks & open spaces

parks, trails, & open space

crebilly preserve


oakbourne mansion
friends of oakbourne


calendar

view meeting events
view community events
view all events


pipelines
 























office closed feb 17

 
							
read more

 


oakbourne mansion stained glass window 
							 


crebilly preserve 
							 


photo by brian quindlend 
							 


oakbourne playground 
							 


oakbourne mansion 
							 


stone bridge 
							 


community garden 
							 


oakbourne water tower 
							 


coventry village pond - photo by esther corby 
							 














online bill pay






report a concern






faq






wego police
















								community
							









feb-17-2025



17feb



															office closure														

learn more




mar-7-2025



7mar



															yard waste collection														

learn more














										meetings
									












18febfeb



														board of supervisors													

learn more







18febfeb



														parks & recreation													

learn more







19febfeb



														planning commission													

learn more

















										bulletin board
									



view full bulletin board











																	westtown township seeks a deputy emergency management coordinator																

deputy emergency management coordinator (emc) is an excellent opportunity for a skilled leader with a background in public safety to give back to their community.
the emc is responsible for overseeing planning, training, and preparation during non-disaster times, and to act as the coordinator in the emergency operations center during times of disaster. the emc is the primary agent for the municipality’s elected officials and is invaluable when disaster strikes. experience in public safety and/or law enforcement, including fire, ambulance/emt, or police, is required. the selected emc shall be professionally competent and capable of planning and effecting coordination among different government agencies. the selected emc shall also be required to complete the in-service training requirements for the position, as mandated by the pennsylvania emergency management agency.
both the deputy and regular emc are volunteer positions. while the emc is expected to work throughout declared states of emergency, the work commitment during periods of non-emergencies is generally limited to coordinating with the county department of emergency services and updating the township’s emergency operations plan from time to time, completing required training, and serving as a resource for township elected officials and senior staff, as requested.
there is no residency requirement for this position, although a strong familiarity with westtown is required.
to be considered, please submit your resume with a statement of interest to mila carter, township manager, at lcarter@westtown.org.











											full time job opportunity – recreation program coordinator										

the township is seeking applicants for a recreation program coordinator.  this new full time position will primarily be responsible for recreation programming, special event planning and management, and managing use of the township’s park facilities.  please submit your resume and and brief statement of interest to parkrec@westtown.org to be considered.  the full job description is available here: recreation program coordinator 2025











											chester county hazard mitigation plan update										

the chester county department of emergency services is leading an important planning effort to update the county-wide plan that serves as a blueprint for reducing property damage and saving lives from the impacts of natural and human-made hazards. this plan is also necessary for county and each municipality to be eligible to receive certain types of state and federal funding after a disaster occurs. public participation is strongly encouraged via the survey, results of which will be used in planning and development of future mitigation projects. https://www.pennsylvaniahmp.com/chester-county-hmp











											remote participation & live streaming of board of supervisors meetings										

westtown township board of supervisors meetings are live-streamed on the township’s youtube channel. the township will also allow remote meeting participation, including accepting public comment remotely via zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/89939917814. video recordings shall not replace or supersede the meeting minutes as the official record of the meeting. video recordings will be retained for six months.











		emergency information & services
	



emergency: 911 



westtown east goshen police (wego)

non-emergency: 610-692-5100
administrative: 610-692-9600



first west chester fire company

610-431-1580



fame fire company

610-692-5404



goshen fire company

610-430-1554



good fellowship ambulance

610-431-3132


































 connect 





westtown township
1039 wilmington pike
west chester, pa 19382
office hours: m-f 8:00am to 4:30pm
											phone: (610) 692-1930
											fax: (610) 692-9651										




mailing address
p.o. box 79
westtown, pa 19395
email
general inquiries
bill inquiries






board of supervisors
elected officials
township staff
sitemap
























westtown township email updates and alerts
fill out the form below to sign up for email updates and alerts. if you already receive listserv emails from the township, then there is no need to complete this form.
* indicates required

email address  *




first name 



last name 



i would like to receive alerts about: 

 meetings
 events
 trash & recycling
 public notices
















 










email updates and alerts

fill out the form below to subscribe to the township email listserv. you will receive township meeting information, trash reminders, and other important township communications. we do not share the email list with anyone. if you already receive listserv emails from the township, then there is no need to complete this form.

your name (required)



your email (required)



your phone








 










report a concern

please complete the form below to report your concern. someone will contact you soon. if you are reporting a concern about a road, please note that issues on state-owned and maintained roads in the township (routes 3, 352, 926, and 202, westtown road, westbourne road, s. concord road from oakbourne to westbourne, and oakbourne road from 202 to s. concord) need to be reported to penndot customer care. westtown township has no jurisdiction on state roads.

your name (required)



your phone (required)



your email (required)



category (required)

—please choose an option—road conditionsstormwatertrash & recyclingwebsitemiscellaneous

your concern








 










your name (required)



your email (required)



your message












 
































