







undiscovered scotland: home page
















undiscovered scotland


home

accommodation

accommodation index
hotels & inns index
hotel & dining reviews
guest houses index
bed & breakfast index
self catering index
hostels index
campervan/motorhome hire
campsites index
late availability
hotel reviews



discover

site index
a-z indexes
categories
find accommodation

tours & holidays ▼

 tour operators
 walking holidays and guiding
 wildlife tours & holidays
 golf tours and holidays
 motorhome hire
 cruising & charter
 arts, crafts & photo holidays





site resources

late availability
what's on?
what's new?
links collections
hotel reviews
scotfax
biography
ebooks
book reviews
bookshop



site info

contact
site information
how to feature
website design services
twitter: follow us
cookies & privacy
copyright, t & c










undiscovered scotland





the ultimate online guide to scotland










welcome
hello, and welcome to undiscovered scotland, the ultimate online guide to
			scotland. the site is a combination of visitor guide, accommodation listing and
			business directory, and aims to show you what the country is really like. we also offer
			website design, maintenance and hosting services.
navigation
 you can navigate the site using clickable maps like the one on this page or the drop down menus. there are 
			other resources to help you, including the alphabetical index, the
			site index, the accommodation
		    index, the late availability listings page, the
			search boxes on most pages (usually below a clickable map), the site
			information section, the what's on? and what's new? pages and scotfax.
			in addition we have collections of links to resources such as tour operators 
			and 
			 watersports.
			 or simply visit a random feature page.
accommodation can be accessed via the "accommodation" menu at the top of many pages, including this
			one, or using the "see and stay" menus at the top of many other pages.
header slides
today's header slides are of the unusually complete aikey brae stone circle on parkhouse hill 
			in aberdeenshire; and a view of the three ferries 
			that connect kirkwall in orkney to many of the 
			the northern islands.


clickable map of scotland




















in focus

 sandwood
			 bay is the most magnificent beach in the uk. not far south of cape wrath, it offers nearly a
			 mile and half of wide pinkish sand backed by sand dunes and a loch, and is flanked by cliffs and an
			 impressive sea stack. it faces straight into the worst the north atlantic can throw at it. part of
			 what keeps sandwood bay so very special is that
			 no one gets here without effort. the nearest public road is over four miles away, and you walk the
			 rest. ( more ...)

cookies
information about
			 cookies and our
			 privacy policy.


on this day
18 february 1515: gavin douglas, a 
		  younger son of scottish nobility, is appointed as bishop of dunkeld. 
19 february 1314: roxburgh castle is captured
		  from the english by sir james douglas, the black douglas, who disguises
		  his men as cows.
19 february 1789: the birth in kelso 
		  of sir william fairbairn, 1st baronet of ardwick, an eminent 
		  structural engineer who pioneered new designs for iron bridges and ships. 


featured book

				  thicker than water by ken lussey (15 september 2024).
				  a compelling murder mystery set in northern scotland. callum anderson and jenny mackay are spending hogmanay at sarclet castle in caithness 
				  when they are asked to investigate the brutal murder of a young woman at nearby sarclet broch in 1943, a woman whose ghost is believed to haunt 
				  the castle. what seems the coldest of cold cases is not the first murder of a young woman at the broch. nor is it the last. 
				  on the day that callum and jenny arrive, there is a third fatal stabbing there. 
read our full review.
 





scottish resources

apartments at turnberry
				luxury self-catering accommodation overlooking ayrshire's beautiful coastline.
holidaycottages.co.uk offer over 750 hand-picked holiday cottages in wonderful locations across scotland.
arachnid press independent scottish publisher. our latest book is the murder mystery
				thicker than water.
for a great choice of holiday cottages across the uk visit 
				countrycottagesonline.com
first mortgage scotland's leading mortgage advisors, providing fee-free and impartial mortgage advice.
luxury self drive guided land rover adventures with
				celtic routes on great routes with stunning hotels.
cottage gems a fabulous collection of luxury, stylish and 5 star holiday properties in the uk and ireland.
scot mountain holidays walking, biking and adventure holidays in scotland plus family run lodge.
for comfortable self-catering holiday cottages in scotland
			  visit interhome.co.uk
hebridean princess small ship luxury cruises throughout the highlands and islands.
sykes holiday cottages, providing a great choice of self-catering accommodation 
				throughout scotland.
cottages & castles a fabulous selection of self-catering properties 
				 for your perfect scottish escape.
wedding, family and other photography in central scotland and beyond by 
				carolyn henry photography.



tweets by undisscot

follow us on mastodon








copyright undiscovered scotland 
					  © 2000-2025








































 



