









best immigration lawyers in usa - business, corporate, employment-based













by using the website, you agree to our use of cookies to analyze website traffic and improve your experience on our website. learn more

continue


immigration law group llp408-432-9200inszoom loginimmigration law group llpclose menu abouthistoryour processour teamtechnology solutionsserviceswork authorization sponsorshipfamily based immigrationoutsourced immigration servicesglobal immigrationstudent / exchange visasstart up / entrepreneur immigrationimmigration program developmentinvestor visa servicespermanent residencycorporate compliancecitizenship resourcestravel faqform ds-160administrative processingchange of address (form ar-11)nonimmigrant visa resourcesimmigrant visa resourcesgovernment processing timesinszoom client loginnewsimmigration alertsblogscontactcontact uscalifornia - san jose hq3590 n. first st., suite 310
san jose, ca 95134phone: 408-432-9200fax: 408-432-9191nevada - las vegas office8985 s. eastern avenue, suite 160
las vegas, nv 89123phone: 702-786-1005fax: 408-432-9191our focusemployment based immigration lawimmigration law is about much more than filing forms and submitting applications. it’s about treating people as individuals with specific needs and helping them achieve their dreams in the united states.
at ilg, we help corporations, their partners, employees, and contractors secure immigration status with our expert knowledge—and our personalized care. what we dopersonalized immigration serviceswork authorization sponsorshipfamily based immigrationoutsourced immigration servicesglobal immigrationstudent / exchange visasstart up / entrepreneur immigrationimmigration program developmentinvestor visa servicespermanent residencycorporate compliancecitizenship who we areabout ilgwith our immigration law expertise, in the last 23 years, immigration law group llp has helped thousands of individuals and companies secure non-immigrant and immigrant visas. we achieve legal status for our clients quickly and efficiently, saving corporations time and money. and we do it with genuine concern for the wellbeing and dignity of all involved.
others do what we do, but they cannot match our passionate dedication to the people we serve. testimonialssatisfied business partnersclifton and his staff are very professional. they took care of my green card application process and from the day i met with clifton until i got the card it took less than 11 months. everything was very smooth. the staff always had the documents ready on time and as soon as needed. they are also very responsive. both clifton and his staff spent time with me explaining clearly what my options were and what i needed to do for each. they were also always available for answering my questions. overall, i highly recommend them.current clienta very professional and knowledgeable team of lawyers and paralegals. they went the extra mile to provide tons of information and top service in a timely manner . the other thing i liked the most was the thorough documentation reviews , which matters most when dealing with a law firm. i would definitely recommend them.current clientmr. clifton wu is one of the best human beings in my circle of friends and an amazing attorney at law. he goes above and beyond his profession to make things happen for you. and i am telling this from my 20 years of experience with him..lol, so that is a long time of friendship and being a client. i wish him all the success in his profession of helping people who are really in need of a profession solution to their situations.sukhminder singh, ceoi’m thrilled to share that my permanent residency was approved on the spot after my interview with uscis this morning, and my card is now in production. a heartfelt thank you to the incredible women at ilg for their unwavering support and hard work throughout my journey—from my first opt application to securing permanent residency. your dedication and diligence have been truly exceptional. i’m deeply grateful to be part of the ilg team. please extend my thanks to everyone who contributed.current clientmuch of the work we do is technical and uninteresting to many people.  part of what makes wenafe so successful at her work is how she handles the human aspect of her work:  she treats everyone the way she treated you and your case – with professionalism, care, and respect.  we are very lucky to have wenafe, alia, and the entire team at immigration law group supporting our program.current clientsolutionscutting edge technologyimmigration powered by cloud-based immigration software inszoom.
inszoom login learn morenewslatest newsimmigration alertsfebruary 04, 2025summary: h-1b modernizing rulesread morejanuary 22, 2025trump administration issues new executive orders overhauling immigration policiesread moredecember 18, 2024540-day automatic extension for certain ead renewal applicants made permanentread moremore alerts
our history
our process
travel faq
news
contact
california - san jose hq3590 n. first st., suite 310 san jose, ca 95134
hq phone: 408-432-9200hq fax: 408-432-9191nevada - las vegas office8985 s. eastern avenue, suite 160las vegas, nv 89123
 socialize with usfacebookyelplinkedincopyright © 2025 immigration law group llp. all rights reserved.privacy policy
 website by //




