




tennessee paralegal association






























skip to content







					tpa is a professional association offering education and networking opportunities to paralegals across tennessee

				













homeabout usmemberships

benefits sustaining members
chaptersresources

certification paralegal programs publications and forms scholarships
contact us





menu
close





home
about us
memberships

benefits
sustaining members


chapters
resources

certification
paralegal programs
publications and forms
scholarships


contact us





 









welcome tpa members and visiting guests to our website!





















 
latest tpa news
about tpa
the tennessee paralegal association (tpa) is a nonprofit, statewide, professional association with its membership comprised of persons who are employed as paralegals, students in recognized paralegal educational programs, and supporters of the paralegal profession. tennessee paralegal association sponsors at least one major seminar each year on a broad range… [continue reading]

it isn’t often i get a captive audience where i can promote the benefits and rewards of the paralegal profession and combine that with the opportunities that abound within the tennessee paralegal association! the tennessee paralegal association (tpa) is a non-profit, state wide, professional association with its membership comprised of persons who are employed as paralegals, students in recognized paralegal educational programs, and partners and allies of the paralegal profession.
tpa has three local chapters that encompass paralegals in the southeast, central, and east regions of tennessee – from chattanooga to nashville to knoxville and all points in between! members of tpa are also affiliates of the national association of legal assistants (nala) and subscribe to nala’s code of ethics and professional responsibility.
our goal at tpa is to educate, motivate and inspire paralegals to pursue excellence in their profession. tpa strives to provide our members with opportunities that not only increase their personal growth within the paralegal profession, but also provide them with a sense of camaraderie, commonality, and friendship with their paralegal peers.
tpa provides our members with opportunities for (1) continuing legal education and training in specialty areas, (2) mentoring our next generation of paralegals, and (3) participating in forums for leadership, community service and networking.
tpa sponsors an annual seminar each april on a broad range of legal topics that provides cle credit for our certified paralegals to maintain their certification. each chapter also hosts monthly meetings with speakers on pertinent topics, which in many cases, also provide for cle credit.
tpa is the place for you to think prepare and achieve your personal and professional goals. i look forward to helping each of you in that journey!
– pamela k. leckey, cla










international dehydrated foods
dsub
marketing agency
environmental works
wilkinson dental
heffingtons
mmc fencing & railing
aluminum handrail direct
ap nautilus
industrial computer enclosure
ensight
bike accident lawyer
biomarkers
manways
motor vehicle lawyer leominster ma
a-1 self storage
food manufacturing company
linehaul transportation
step in tub installer in springfield mo
memory care kinston nc
barbershop bentonville ar
synaptogenesis
rick simpson oil
commercial cleaning company springfield mo
iv hydration infusion near me





























