





johne's information center – university of wisconsin – madison – uw–madison















































university of wisconsin–madison








 

johne's information center

university of wisconsin - madison
school of veterinary medicine





search





donate (help sustain this website)






menumenuhomenewsaboutanimal type

dairy

faqsepidemiologypathologydiagnosiscontrolpreventioncertificationlaws & regulations 
beef

faqsepidemiologypathologydiagnosiscontrolpreventioncertificationlaws & regulations 
goats

faqsepidemiologypathologydiagnosiscontrolpreventioncertificationlaws & regulations 
sheep

faqsepidemiologypathologydiagnosiscontrolpreventioncertificationlaws & regulations 
deer & elk

faqsepidemiologypathologydiagnosiscontrolpreventioncertificationlaws & regulations 
other animals

bisonwater buffalowild ruminantszoo ruminantsnon-ruminants 

general info

johne’s disease: a to zmap biology

general characteristicsresistancesurvival outside the animalwhy so resistant?is map in food and water? 
antimicrobial therapyzoonotic potentialarticles & brochures

dairy cattlebeef cattlegoats & sheep 
presentations & mini-lectureslinkshistoryglossary
images

cattle with clinical jdgoats with clinical jdsheep with clinical jdother animals with clinical johne’s diseasegross (visible) pathologyhisto- (microscopic) pathologymap bacteria and cultures
testingsubscribe


about uw
svm
testing services
sponsors
ask an expert
 










december 1, 2018
welcome to the updated and improved johnes.org!!  
thanks to the support from our donors and generous sponsors, our website has a fresh look, more images, and 100% edited and updated content. we give special thanks to our platinum sponsor, zoetis and encourage you to follow links to their home page.
see the “news” item in the menu for the latest news.
if you are on our e-list, you will continue to receive notification of updates and news items. if you wish your name to be added to our e-list, click the “subscribe” button in the footer or my name on the right.
if you are curious about the history of this website and it’s most recent upgrade, click about on the menu bar above.
 

 


stay informed

please contact michael collins if you would like to subscribe to our mailing list.












university logo that links to main university website












































 


content by
dr. michael collins and
                dr. elizabeth manning
university of wisconsin - madison, school of veterinary medicine
stay informed
subscribe to be notified of news postings


website feedback
michael.t.collins@wisc.edu

*if you have questions about johne's disease please submit your question on the "ask an expert" page.



© 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system









