


vintage stereo | audio systems | speaker repair | stereo service






































about us |
	        audio service |
	        restoration |
	        terms of sale |
	        contact us



searchcategories -

turntables
preamps
power amplifiers
integrated amps
equalizers
tuners
disc players
reel to reels
cassette decks
8 tracks
effects processors
receivers
surround receivers
surround processors
quadraphonic
home speakers
subwoofers
head phones
noise reduction
cartridges & needles
interconnect
musical instrument amps
audio other
video other
vcr-vhs
vcr-beta
misc. electronics
turntable freebies


















vintage stereo
at soundsclassic.com, we specialize in the service and restoration of vintage stereo receivers, amplifiers, turntables, tube equipment and speakers. we sell vintage stereo equipment, high-end audio systems and speakers. 40 years of trusted audio service experience. hi-fi audio sales, repair and restoration in rockford il.






greatings everyone!
			
  just in time - check out the new turntables, receivers, amps, speakers, ect. had your eye on something for a while? now's the time to buy. we always have great stuff! 
      we have hundreds more items on the way very soon. keep watching. marantz, pioneer, sansui and many new tube items, all fully restored and ready for sale. we update the site weekly. just check the date at the bottom of each page to see when it was last updated.
	    are you looking for vintage and hi-end stereo restoration work? just give us a call. we are currently at about a 3 to 4 week turn-around time. check out our restoration page. our endeavor 
			is to continue to supply all our customers with the highest quality repair and restoration services in vintage stereo and high-end audio equipment. contact us for anything that you may be searching for. we purchase, restore and display new items every week. 
			so please keep watching and tell your friends! join us on facebook and be the first to get access to new deals and items as they are posted.thank you!
mark peabody ceo soundsclassic & video lab, inc.




attention :  beginning jan. 7th 2025we will no longer be open to the public on tuesdays.instaed, tuesdays will be by appointment only.if you wish to make an appointment or if you havequestions about this change contact dianne 
			during regular business hours. thank youour new store hours - wednesday - friday 10am-6pm   saturday 10am-3pmclosed sunday - monday tuesday (by appointment) questions phone: 815-398-0560
	    email: please contact us by telephone as we can no longer handle the large amount of emails sent to us on a daily basis.







the intelligent audio m8 bluetooth adapter -

do you want to connect your phone or other streaming music devices to your vintage stereo? now you can with the new intelligent audio m8 bluetooth adapter!what a great stocking stuffer! just in time for christmas. only $39.95
first and formost- this one sounds really great! so easy to connect and operate. intelligent digital display in a small foot print, only 3.5 x 3 in. with remote control. transmits and receives bluetooth 5.0 analog and digital i/o, 10 meters distance.
			only $39.95 while supplies last! read more at -  the intelligent audio m8 bluetooth adapter see the equipment we have provided for movies and tv at - rock_n_roll props.htm


    




about us |
	        audio service |
	        restoration |
	        terms of sale |
	        contact us 
copyright © 2025 soundsclassic.com      
  



