




oceanfront rentals, waterfront vacation homes - myrtle beach, ocean city, miami beach










			oceanfront rentals in myrtle beach, south carolina
			miami beach, florida
			and ocean city, maryland vacation homes
myrtle beach condos for rent at baywatch resort- oceanfront pools, ocean views, north myrtle beach
great prices on waterfront, privately owned vacation rentals  










oceanfront and waterfront rentals - rent a luxury vacation home on the east coast 








north myrtle beach, sc


ocean city, md


miami beach, fl




baywatch penthouse 


baywatch 7th floor 



islamorada house on bay 


fontainebleau tower 


fontainebleau
									sorrento 




3 br- sleeps 2-10


1 br- sleeps 1-6



3 br sleeps 2-10


1 br- sleeps 2-4


sleeps 2-4

































north myrtle beach, south carolina:
baywatch oceanfront (19th floor penthouse)  top floor overlooking the ocean and lazy river. 
						3 bedroom 2 bathroom suite with large kitchen and lots of space. custom art work. spectacular views. newly redecorated. bay watch tower 3 best for 2-8 persons. sleeps up to 12.

baywatch oceanfront - (7th floor) - "dolphin watch". great views of the lazy river, pools and ocean. indoor pool and hot tubs. restaurant, bar, pool bar.  1 king in br, pull-down murphy bed and sleeper sofa in lr. free hi-speed internet & 42" tv. bay watch tower 3 1 bedroom.(great for 2-6 guests) bedroom: 1 king bed, tv. living room: 1 double murphy bed, 1 full-size sleeper sofa. pet friendly with restrictions october - march 31!



ocean city, maryland:
house on the bay for rent. "islamorada" on a peaceful canal that leads to the bay.  106th street on the bay - point lookout road. one of the most unique house rentals in ocean city, md.game room with pinball and juke box. two bedrooms and sleeping area in loft. best for 2-6 people with maximum 8 persons. 


miami beach, florida:
* fontainebleau tower (17th floor)  -   1 bedroom suite for 2-4 people. "billion dollar view" one bedroom suite with awesome views of the atlantic ocean, biscayne bay, the intercoastal waterway and a balcony to enjoy it all. jacuzzi. high-class luxury. view the billion dollar renovations at the fontainebleau.

						 * fontainebleau sorrento building (4th floor)  - junior suite for 2 people.  just opened march 2008. luxury junior suite overlooks the fontainebleau billion dollar renovated pools, spa, hotel, restaurants with views of the ocean.  bed is in living area. in-room jacuzzi tub. 4th floor location fantastic for people watching!! pet friendly vacation rental condo!



interested in a vacation in the mountains? tennessee mountains log cabin vacation rentals (2 are pet friendly and wheelchair accessible)! see our mountain top cabins in the pigeon forge area.
			see www.awesomemountainvacations.com




north  myrtle beach south carolina rentals   - bay watch resort



photos of bay watch resort, myrtle beach  - condos for rent  - unit 738 (1 bedroom suite) and unit 1937 (3 bedroom penthouse)


 
 




view of lazy river, pool. there are  indoor/outdoor pools, lazy rivers, hot tubs, restaurant, bar & grill, pool bar, mini-mart, fitness room.


view from unit #738, bay watch resort - 
						sunrise over the atlantic ocean. a great view from your living room and balcony.


indoor pool and jacuzzi tub. there are nearly a dozen indoor and outdoor pools and tubs at baywatch.



baywatch resort - north myrtle beach oceanfront condos for rent- unit #738 (7th floor) and unit 1937 penthouse
						1 or 3 br oceanfront condos in beautiful north myrtle beach available for vacation rentals. weekly or monthly rentals vary depending on the season, rates range from $545-1,100 per week for one bedroom (2 beds, 1 sleeper sofa), and $685 to $2079 per week for 3 br.  
amenities include:  indoor/outdoor pool, lazy river, on site restaurants, exercise facility, children's activities. from bay watch, myrtle beach attractions are all within about 15 minutes. restaurant row is only about 5 minutes. these are the best myrtle beach condos for rent you will find. 

						unit 738: one bedroom condo with a total of 3 beds including the sleeper sofa. bedroom has 1 king-size bed. living room has double pull-down murphy bed, and also has a full size sleeper sofa. free wireless internet & 42" tv.

						unit 1937 penthouse: three bedroom has 3 full bedrooms. the master has a king size bed. one of the bedrooms has 2 double beds. the other has a queen.
baywatch oceanfront resort includes 3 buildings, each with indoor and outdoor swimming pools and jacuzzi tubs. guests may use any or all of these pools. these rental condos are in baywatch iii, the building on the south side, the only building with the outdoor lazy river. it is in north myrtle beach, a wonderful place that is quite a bit more modern than downtown myrtle beach and convenient to restaurant row, barefoot landing and other myrtle beach attractions.
 rates, availability, more photos, more details : view baywatch #738 - sleeps up to 6 - rates and details
note: this 1 bedroom condo has 3 beds in the 2 sleeping areas. (it sleeps up to 6 with 2 in each bed.
						bedroom: 1 king
						living room:  1 double murphy bed (double) and 1 sleeper sofa (double).

 rates, availability, more photos, more details : view baywatch #1937 penthouse - sleeps 10 - rates and details
note: this 3 bedroom has custom painted walls!




			 

			
 ocean city maryland rentals  



photos of islamorada, ocean city, maryland - single family home for rent



 


new deck, shutters and screen door installed spring 2012


 







 



view of the house from the water.


master bedroom faces the canal to the bay and opens to the deck and dock.


living room has 3 story ceiling, fireplace, view of the canal and opens to the deck.



  islamorada - ocean city maryland waterfront house for rent 
a beach bungalow for rent in ocean city, maryland  
 families only--no students, no singles, no house parties
waterfront home on the canal opening to the bay! great ocean city, md location near 100th street.
						one of the most unique house rentals in ocean city! superb views. beautiful spacious home.
view details - more photos - description - dates available
request ocean city rental home information here ocean city house for rent
 



 
 
 

 
 


			thanks for visiting!
 





