























home | avi foodsystems headquarters service center






 










 
 








 











 
 





























































operating divisions

business & industry
education
healthcare
leisure & entertainment

services
our story
our commitment

to culinary excellence
to people & society

careers
contact





























































welcome to avi foodsystems
founded in 1960, avi foodsystems has evolved into one of the most respected and trusted food service companies in the nation. providing comprehensive food services with a focus on the highest quality and freshest ingredients, impeccable service and total value is the reputation we have earned and live up to every day.
we serve thousands of clients and millions of customers daily through our contemporary cafés, restaurant concepts, resident dining programs, innovative micro markets, state-of-the-art vending, premier catering services, superior concession venues and exclusive beverage and coffee systems.
our commitment extends far beyond food … avi believes in family values, developing our team members, encouraging healthy lifestyles, giving back to our communities and supporting diversity in any way possible.
the success of avi is built upon family values and tradition. from modest means, avi has grown into the largest independently owned food service company in the united states by exceeding the expectations of our customers. today, avi is still a family company dedicated to serving our customers with the same personal relationships and integrity as we did over 60 years ago. our unprecedented growth and account retention reflect the devotion to our core values.
we invite you to explore more about avi and experience the family difference.






























business & industry
businesses across america are using food services as a valuable way to increase employee morale, retention, productivity and satisfaction. 









education
from k-12 cafeterias to higher education campus dining, avi’s dining program offers the best in student engagement and healthy dining options. 









healthcare
premier healthcare organizations trust avi to deliver their food service program. we believe in providing a holistic approach to food service in the healthcare setting. 









leisure & entertainment
we partner with leisure and entertainment clients to create unforgettable guest experiences at arenas, sports centers, convention centers, airports and other attractions. 









































you have needs. we have solutions.
from on-site dining, micro markets and catering, to vending and beverage services, we bring a coast-to-coast commitment to personalized attention and specialized menus for every client, be it a corporate office, government institution, manufacturing location or distribution center.
in business, education, healthcare and leisure and entertainment sectors, avi stands as a trusted partner, offering innovative culinary plans, sustainability focus and customized services that exceed expectations. explore the difference a family-owned company can make and let avi foodsystems be your catalyst for extraordinary success.






























micro markets
market c is an innovative high-tech self-service convenience store. 









dining
avi’s mission of quality, integrity and hospitality is seen in every facet of our dining operations. 









catering
we plan for and deliver excellence from start to finish for every tier of our catered events.  









refreshment services
a fresh hot cup of coffee means so much more to americans than it ever did, and we have many solutions to fit your needs.  









vending
for nearly 60 years, avi has been the industry standard and trend setter in vending services. 









contact us
click here to fill out a contact form and start the conversation! 






















leadership trainingexcellence is one of the many core values of avi foodsystems. seen here are some of our many avi leaders who have participated in our monthly avi leadership trainings held at our headquarters service center. this is how we remain sharp and on our game, we invest in our team and set them up for success! a huge thank you to our facilitators and to all our leaders who continuously deliver the best in foodservice, excellence, passion and hospitality!photos seen here are from our trainings held from april 2024-november 2024).(7 images)view slideshow >




























































































































 


































 






powered by orthodox web solutions
home | back  | top


















