


































kims chillin






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































kimschillin
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














kimschillin







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









 

 


08:09pm 15/11/2005


 



mood:  chipper

  ya know tofu aint as bad as it looks. we -which is me and some folks- went to this thai restaurant and they made some good food but we all had no meat and i ordered more.  see, i have been trying to try not eating so much meat and i really haven't. i aint mad. i think i am gaining weight. eating way healthier cause im eating lots of fruit and salad.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            t                                                                                                            his second day wasnt so mentally taxing.  last night i went to sleep as soon as i finished the journal entry. i didn't sleep too well, kept having dreams that i was late to work-didnt have clothes ready and stuff like that even tho i have been prepared since i got the job. since i am in training i got my little manuals, my new writing pad and shit and homework.  im on blackpeople meet and messages are blowing up for me as usual. too bad i cant afford to buy the service or i would. this very tall,dark,handsome and older man tried to contact me. oh well. i have been here 7 days.  i am impressed.  im experiencing a lull in the action because of my work hours.  well training will be over and i will be on my permanent schedule.  then i plan to get a part time job. not at another office. some restaurant. off my azz and free food!  meet the neighbors. boy, what aspirations i have!!!  the vibe awards are going off. im cool with it cause all i wanna see is kanye and jamie fox. well i will go and style my hair for tommorow and really do some exercises this time.
 


 
 
 post


 



 

 


07:39pm 14/11/2005


 

  
  its my first full day on the job and i am mentally retarded, no, just joking. mentally drained.  i woke up so nervous and like most new jobs it will go away.  the biggest thing today was oprah winfrey getting surprised by one of my favorite celebs and that is sidney poitier. read all his books and its a shame i cant spell his name without having to look it up. i didnt hit no beach today. got up in time enuff to get to work and when i got in i decided to start this. i love to exercise and im gonna do my jailhouse routine. i call it that cause i can do it without weights, and in a small space. i do push ups, sit ups and squats. i stretch and do leg lifts. not much but works for me.of all the guys at the new office, the one that has the nerve to talk to me is the 20 year old.  well, im used to it. the older ones wait till the younger competition gets shot down then they try thier luck. since im not interested at the moment i dont care. its just funny to me.  no mail from children or fav.friend. will mention it when it happens.signing out......and goodnight
 


 
 
 post


 



oh really 

 


07:09pm 14/11/2005


 



mood:  cold

  an entry
 


 
 
 post


 






 


kimschillin



friends
info
calendar

 


 



































