






omaha running club | running and walking community | non profit group






































































skip to content













menu



menuabout us closeboard of directorshall of famerun the magnetfun runsrrca closemembershipmember newsrace calendartraining closedistance clinicstep into runningladies groupyouth runnersrrca kids run the nation closevolunteerplanning a race closerace services request form closeomaha marathoncontact












omaha running club  join today 















menu



menuabout us closeboard of directorshall of famerun the magnetfun runsrrca closemembershipmember newsrace calendartraining closedistance clinicstep into runningladies groupyouth runnersrrca kids run the nation closevolunteerplanning a race closerace services request form closeomaha marathoncontact








































omaha running clubsupporting the omaha running community since the 1970s


  
















 





serves omaha-area runners, joggers and walkers



 





promotes running for a healthy lifestyle



 





hosts the heartland marathon and other races and fun runs of varying distances



 





supports other area running events through finish line services and race timing services



 





gives back through the keep omaha beautiful trail clean-up program



 





omaha running club is a proud member of the road runners club of america
























we're back!






join us for the 2025 omaha marathon






the omaha running club is thrilled to announce the return of the omaha marathon! the omaha marathon is once again proudly managed by your local running club!
the 2025 omaha marathon event series will feature a full marathon, half marathon and 5k. courses will highlight the best of downtown omaha. we invite you to join the omaha running club for our signature event as we celebrate running and our city as we bring this beloved event back to its roots.
whether you're aiming for a personal best or looking for a fun race-day experience, there's something for everyone. join us on sunday, september 28, 2025!





















explore the omaha marathon


























omaha running club membership 






join a network of more than 500 runners supporting our local running community.










join the omaha running club

























free fun runs


 
join us for our holiday-themed fun runs. all distances and paces welcome. check the calendar for upcoming events. learn more about orc fun runs. 
 
 



















 



thanksgiving day

november 28, 2024













 



holiday lights

december 1, 2024













 










home
about us
membership
member news
race calendar
training
volunteer
planning a race
omaha marathon
contact
rrca kids run the nation
 omaha running club  |  © 
facebook


twitter


instagram


email



 





scroll to top 



x
 








x
 





















