


the democratic agenda




















    
	the democratic agenda
	
  






thursday, june 16, 2005



	 
	 the downing street memo
	 
    


      i know most democratic bloggers are heartbroken over the failure of the downing street memo to bring down the bush administration. i cannot understand this sentiment. the fact that bush decided to go to war first, and decided to look at the intelligence second is obvious. he can't admit it, but everyone knows its true. there are documents going back to 1991 from members of his administration calling for regime change. rumsfield and wolfowitz were members of a group that took out ads in the new york times in the 90's calling for war. that fact that bush fixed intelligence is not and has never been a secret. the downing street memo is just proof of what everyone already knew, it changes nothing.if the senate or the house were in democratic hands, maybe the memo would have made a difference. it could have served as the hard proof justifing a congressional investigation. but washington is completly dominated by the gop, and that being the case it should be no surprise that no one wants to talk about things they already know and could hurt them in elections.
    


posted by anomadic at 6:37 am
0 comments









	 
	 2008 watch: christian right to hold gop accountable
	 
    


      a recent article in usa today highlights a claim by various christian right groups that any gop candidate seeking the presidential nomination will have to go through them. although it might seem counterintuitive, democrats should welcome the christian right's growing influence in the gop. as the recent fights over judicial nominations has shown, mainstream americans are growing tired of the christian right's agenda. although much is made of the ascent of the "values voter", white protestant evangelicals are a minority in america, and their percentage of the population is shrinking as immigration diversifies the religious makeup of the country.bush has only used evangelicals successfully because he has kept them on a short leash, promising them the moon, and giving them pretty much nothing. (where's the anti-gay marriage amendment, for example?) the hard right desperately wants to break free of these restraints. should they succeed in forcing their reactionary agenda upon the republican party, the moderates that make up the bulk of the electorate will flock to the democrats. 2008 could be 1964 all over again.
    


posted by anomadic at 6:07 am
0 comments






wednesday, june 15, 2005



	 
	 new labor
	 
    


five of the largest labor unions in the afl-cio, representing 40% of its members today formed a new federation aimed at pressuring the entire afl-cio to adpot reforms geared towards increasing membership. should the afl-cio reject these reforms, this new federation may bolt, splitting the labor movement.the five unions, service employees international union(seiu), the international brotherhood of teamsters, the united food and commercial workers and the laborers' international union of north america, are opposed to afl-cio president john sweeny's strategy of focusing money on political organization, rather then steming the long decline of union membership in america. of all the unions in the afl-cio, only the seiu, under its firey president andy stern, is adding members.because unions are such a vital pillar of democratic support, forming about a quarter ofthe electorate and voting democratic by two-thirds, any shakeup in the union world is of vital importance to the democratic party. the unity of the labor movement is not the most important issue here, however. if labor cannot reverse its massive declines soon, it will be a spent force. andy stern has shown he knows how to orgainze, and putting him at the head of a new federation should add some competition and vitality to the labor movement that should be encouraged.the largest reason why unions haven't been adding members, however, is the anti-union laws that have been in place since the regan administration. should the democrats ever get into power again, they may feel obliged to the unions to pass legislation to encourage membership gains. until then, its time to see what andy stern can do shake things up.
    


posted by anomadic at 7:50 pm
0 comments






monday, june 13, 2005



	 
	 2008 watch: richardson speaks in new hampshire
	 
    


new mexico governor bill richarson spent the weekend in new hampshire speaking to various political and community groups. richardson seemed to be signaling his intention to run in 2008, and jokingly told a mostly hispanic audience in english that he wouldn't, and in spanish that he would. the governor also distanced himself from criticism of dnc chair howard dean, telling a radio audience that dean's comments were unwise, but that "he is a good chairman".
    


posted by anomadic at 12:28 am
1 comments






sunday, june 12, 2005



	 
	 us historical balance of power
	 
    






posted by anomadic at 6:09 am
0 comments









	 
	 balance of power 2005
	 
    






posted by anomadic at 3:23 am
0 comments









	 
	 senate 2006: harris to run in florida
	 
    


      katherine harris announced this week that she plans on seeking the us senate seat currently held by democrat bill nelson. such a polarizing figure should get both bases excited for the election, but i have a feeling such a contraversial candidate will give democrats the advantage among moderates and independants.
    


posted by anomadic at 1:50 am
0 comments






saturday, april 30, 2005



	 
	 senate 2006: map
	 
    






posted by anomadic at 10:43 am
0 comments






saturday, april 23, 2005



	 
	 earth day
	 
    


      today is a good day to reflect on the global warming debate. i am still shocked to see some conservative commentators and bloggers to be arguing that global warming doesn't exist, or worse that it is a deliberate hoax. i was glad to see this week that mother jones magazine has run an article explaning why this "debate" still exists. it turns out that one oil company, exxonmobil, has funded the entire "global warming dosen't exist" enterprise. every scientist. every paper. funded with exxon money. this wasn't too much of a shock to me, but it does indeed boggle the mind that some people actually buy into this "science", when it is so obviously perverted to serve the needs of the oil industry.
    


posted by anomadic at 3:32 am
0 comments






friday, april 22, 2005



	 
	 the italian victory
	 
    


   of the european governments who supported george bush's war in iraq, italy was second only to the united   kingdom in backing up its support with real commitments of troops and supplies on the ground. this position did not endear prime minister silvio berlusconi to the italian people, and they showed their displeasure earlier this month  at regional elections. berlusconi's conservative coalition was massacred, loosing control of six of the eight regions they governed, and taking none from the center-left opposition. the losses were so massive that a party in berlusconi's coalition withdrew its support for his government, forcing his resignation. mr. berlusconi is now trying to hobble together a new government, hoping to make it last until the next elections are due in 2006. however if he fails to do so, elections could be called in the coming months, with victory for the left assured. either way berlusconi's days of dominating the political agenda in italy are over.    the fall of berlusconi is a great victory for democracy and justice. italy's richest man, mr. berlusconi bought his way into the premiership. as prime minister he controlled nearly all the media outlets in italy, controlling the state-owned stations through his premiership and most of the privately owned ones through his own investments. he abused this massive power for political gain. he was often charged with corruption, and was only let off the hook because of a special law his government passed to prevent his case from going to trial. his support for bush's failed foreign policy was unwavering. the first italian troops to die in combat since the second world war died over his decision to send them to iraq. there was something chillingly autocratic about him. the economist magazine even called to resign years ago, a suggestion he took as an invitation to sue the respected british newsweekly. he was in coalition with the descendant to italy's fascist party.      all over europe rightist and authoritarian governments are falling. spain and ukraine offer the latest examples. another victory for the left in italy and another crushing defeat for the right in britain, two of the  eu's "big four",  would signal the beginning of the end for conservatism in europe.   



posted by anomadic at 1:35 pm
0 comments












home
about the democratic agenda
previous posts

the downing street memo
2008 watch: christian right to hold gop accountable
new labor
2008 watch: richardson speaks in new hampshire
us historical balance of power
balance of power 2005
senate 2006: harris to run in florida
senate 2006: map
earth day
the italian victory

archives

january 2005
march 2005
april 2005
june 2005


election 2008 guide
election 2008 map
election 2008 democratic candidates
election 2008 republican candidates

election 2006 guide
senate 2006 map




progressive blogs

blog for america
daily kos
the emerging democratic majority
lean left
liberal oasis
mydd
pacific views
the swing state project
talking points memo
tom tomorrow
tapped(american prospect)
the washington monthly
western democrat

progressive media

air america radio
common dreams
democracy now!
harper's magzzine
mother jones
the guardian
the nation
the progressive
tom paine
z magazine


progressive organizations

afl-cio
center for american progress
the democratic national committee
moveon.org
naacp

mainstream media

bbc news
c-span
the economist
the financial times
the los angeles times
the new yorker
the new york times
the washington post

conservative blogs

andrew sullivan
cold fury
daily pundit
flynnfiles
instapundit.com
right thinking from the left coast
right wing news


conservative media

drudge report
fox news
townhall.com
the washington times
the weekly standard

conservative organizations

accuracy in academia
accuracy in media
american enterprise institute
the brookings institute
the cato institute
the federalist society
focus on the family
the heritage foundation
the republican national committee

non-partisan organizations
council on foreign relations
freedom house
project vote smart


new york times headlines

















live c-span feeds





















 




 




