






louisiana rebuilds is now gnoinfo.com!







					      
					



					you will be redirected to gnoinfo.com in 16 seconds.
				

					you're being redirected to gnoinfo.com...
				

thank you for being part of the lousianarebuilds.info community for the last four years.
we were called together by the tragedy of the devastating hurricanes katrina and rita, and through our collective action, we created and hosted the state's premiere and trusted online destination for residents rebuilding their lives, homes, and communities. the use of the site exceeded our grandest expectations: over a 2.5 million people visited the site, viewing over 20 million pages of information, which translates to over 30 million "hits".
as the rebuilding of southern louisiana transitions from recovery to establishing a robust regional economy and housing market, louisianarebuilds.info is also making a transition. this project was lauched with an intent to sunset when the information needs of recovery were met. on behalf the the entire louisianarebuilds.info team, we have arrived at this bittersweet moment where its time to transition these online resources.
on january 19th, much of the content of louisianarebuilds.info will be rebranded as gnoinfo.com. our site sponsor carrollton technology partners, which has hosted the site since its inception, has agreed to maintain a permanent home for the portal's information and supplement it with more localized day to day information that residents need to navigate the ever growing and changing landscape. upon logging on to louisianarebuilds.info, users will be automatically transferred to the new site and given quick and easy directions to find the useful information about resources they've come to depend on as well as additional related information that will help them become better informed about the developments in their community.
we want to thank the greater new orleans community data center (gnocdc), citizen's road home action team (chat), levees.org, louisiana state licensing board for contractors, new orleans district attorney's office, louisiana attorney general's office, acorn housing, and uno's rebuilding information station for partnering with us to ensure that residents get the information they need to make decision regarding their recovery and take action towards those ends.
our steering committee members: louisiana recovery authority, louisiana recovery corps, louisiana association of nonprofit organizations, the state of louisiana, the city of new orleans, greater new orleans knowledge works, new orleans virtual diaspora network, carrollton technology partners, joy corporation, innovative intermedia llc, grassroots enterprise inc., one economy corporation, policylink, and the annie e. casey foundation.

we also want to thank all of the foundations that so generously supported this effort: living cities, louisiana disaster recovery foundation, w.k. kellogg foundation, the ford foundation, the rockefeller foundation, the marguerite casey foundation, the greater new orleans foundation, annie e. casey foundation, and the louisiana recovery corps.
and lastly, we want to thank the residents of southeast louisiana who have used the information on our site these last four years to facilitate the growth and rehabilitation of our region.  it was wonderful to be able to support your recovery efforts and we wish you great success for the future.
the louisianarebuilds.info team 





