























kimberly faith | keynote speaker & author | inspiring leaders around the world



























































































toggle navigation








services
online course
book
downloads
about
gallery
coaching
blog
contact
webinars
press kit







×

kim can inspire in different ways, please select the one that you need today.
continue to website



					supersisters nft: you are the hero you seek
				

					keynote speaking
				


					your lion inside
				

					personal branding
				

					the sisterhood report podcast
				

					epicenter of change
				
 
 
 













author and speaker
inspiring leaders to own the power they do have™
            	            after 23 years of inspiring women and leaders around the world as a trainer and consultant, kim is now responding to requests for keynote speeches. her breadth of experience, authenticity, and sense of humor make her a natural fit for your audience.
 
 





 
 
 
 
 







your power begins when your fear ends
written to influence women to release universal mindsets standing in their way, your lion inside offers a roadmap to unleash the power you have always known deep down you had.  as a partner in major transformations by women who have taken their success to the next level, kim reveals how they did it, why they did it, and more importantly, how you can do it too.  prepare to be inspired . . .
 
 


see more
view site
 
 
 
 
 







the defining difference
your today and your tomorrow is.... choice!
	            	            no one is going to build your brand except for you! choose to define and clarify your personal brand. breakthru  branding™ is a resource to help you accept it, drive it, own it. download here today!
            	            
 
 





 
 
 
 
 







author and speaker
inspiring leaders to own the power they do have™
            	            after 23 years of inspiring women and leaders around the world as a trainer and consultant, kim is now responding to requests for keynote speeches. her breadth of experience, authenticity, and sense of humor make her a natural fit for your audience.
 
 





 
 
 
 
 







your power begins when your fear ends
written to influence women to release universal mindsets standing in their way, your lion inside offers a roadmap to unleash the power you have always known deep down you had.  as a partner in major transformations by women who have taken their success to the next level, kim reveals how they did it, why they did it, and more importantly, how you can do it too.  prepare to be inspired . . .
 
 


see more
view site
 
 
 
 
 







your power begins when your fear ends
written to influence women to release universal mindsets standing in their way, your lion inside offers a roadmap to unleash the power you have always known deep down you had.  as a partner in major transformations by women who have taken their success to the next level, kim reveals how they did it, why they did it, and more importantly, how you can do it too.  prepare to be inspired . . .
 
 


see more
view site
 
 
 
 
 









services


                            kim is best known for training, executive coaching, facilitation, consulting and keynote speaking
                        








keynotes

engaging and inspiring, kim offers a variety of keynote options, with a special heart for conferences targeting women.

                                    read more
                                









coaching

serving as a resource for internal and external coaching, kim has invested over 10,000 hours of her life to the design and support of adult learning.

                                    read more
                                









training

kim has designed programs for a multitude of organizations based on the fundamentals of adult learning theory. her specialty is the ability to design emotionally engaging content into the learning.

                                    read more
                                
















“in my more than 25 years in hr, kim is by far the best executive coach i have worked with for early career and executive leaders, male and female. . .  kim is direct with a heavy dose of empathy . . .”“
ge energy connections dec 2017

get started now


 “kim's expertise is unparalleled. . . her commitment and passion can be seen in her work ethic and the leaders she inspires.” 
whirlpool sept 2017

get started now


"kim has a unique systems approach to her coaching that enables her to use multiple lenses . . . this may be one of her secret ingredients that her clients are most grateful for."
 visa – canada 2017

get started now


“kim is a force to be reckoned with in her field! her ability . . . was second to none.”
sr. global director, 2016

get started now


“kim did a fantastic job – the event was a huge success! the feedback has been tremendous. . .”
ge aviation 2016

get started now


“kim was a fantastic speaker to address our nyc leadership team. her insight was eye opening in the way she approached the topic of women in business.”
healthcare leader 2017

get started now














companies i? have had the privilege to work with...































































































                            aria-hidden="true">×












                            aria-hidden="true">×
keynotes


the story behind the keynotes


the list of keynotes below is based on key themes that have surfaced while working with over
                        23,000 leaders.
a hallmark of my speaking is to interactively engage the learner in order to facilitate their
                        learning. adults learn best by doing.
the key underlying theme to all i do and the overarching philosophy which propels me out of
                        bed and onto airplanes is inspiring leaders, women, and audiences across the world to own the
                        power you do have™



breakthru branding™

no one is going to build your brand except for you™ – at its core, personal branding is the
                        intersection of credibility and influence. what happens when you have high influence but don’t
                        have the credibility to back it up? your brand will eventually run out of steam. what happens to
                        the leaders with enormous credibility, but who lack the influencing skills to make sure what
                        they say matters? this keynote maps out what happens at this intersection and, more importantly,
                        outlines 7 steps you need to do to fine tune your branding compass©.

the relevance factor™ - a myriad of branding discussions in the world cover everything from
                        presentation skills to professional appearance. the relevance factor™ is an introspective look
                        into the mindset behind the elements of the ever-elusive concept of “executive presence.” when
                        authenticity and awareness collide, what emerges is the relevance factor™. once people
                        understand the depth behind the individual components, they have a renewed passion for how the
                        branding puzzle fits together and are inspired to up their game.

the power of 3: brevity is the soul of branding™ – simplicity. concise communication. the power
                        of 3. these are what senior leaders say is missing from communication. too many people confuse
                        information with messaging. we have so much to say, others can’t hear us! emails, running a
                        meeting, giving presentations, or a whole array of virtual communications can benefit from
                        adopting brevity as a mindset and using the power of 3™ as their communication compass. using a
                        branding prism©, this keynote provides a snapshot of 3 detractors and 3 enhancers which can
                        improve personal branding exponentially.


reality redefined™ (r2)

leaders are the architects of structure™ – einstein once said, “we cannot solve problems at the
                        same level of thinking that created them.” there are three different levels of thinking we can
                        choose to use: events, patterns, & structures. many use the events level (victimhood) and
                        patterns (finding order in chaos). however, the leverage is in the structure. structures are
                        anything tangible or intangible that drive behavior. we are being influenced all of the time by
                        the structures someone else put in place, either consciously or not. what many don’t realize is
                        that ability to influence behavior is within their reach – personally and professionally. when
                        leaders truly embrace that leaders are the architects of structure™, it can fundamentally
                        redefine their world view. this keynote offers a step-by-step process for driving behavior and
                        planning for unintended consequences.

boiled frogs & sinking fish: assumptions run amuck™ – why do we often look up to corporate for
                        the answer; down to employees for the answer; to the right & left for the answer? where should
                        we look instead? you got it . . . at the person in the mirror. there are assumptions and mental
                        models at play which can make many feel powerless with their world . . . within their “system.”
                        learn how to identify common assumptions interfering with progress and learn how to create
                        mental model shifts to breakthrough what is holding us back.

swim lanes & silos: unraveling corporate myths™ – the complexity of the world leads us to
                        embrace only what we can see. looking down with our noses to the grindstone causes us to focus
                        only on what we can influence close to us. we underestimate our ability to change the system.
                        our actions are more like throwing a pebble into a pond and seeing the ripples spread out for
                        longer than expected. leaders of the future must understand the true nature of complexity and
                        grasp that no one person is in control of the system. discover how to embrace the concept of
                        influence vs control. corporate myths of “staying in your swim lane” and other variations of the
                        “silo” mentality are causing a range of unintended consequences. learn how to see the world you
                        lead through a different lens.


own the power you do have™

change the station on your self talk radio™ – sometimes what we don’t say speaks more loudly
                        than what we do. words have the power to create, to inspire, and to motivate. words also have
                        the power to tear down, to break, and to demean. we underestimate the power of our words
                        everyday – with others and with ourselves. we like tuning into our favorite radio station or
                        cool music streaming app to hear the music – the words - we like to hear. yet when it comes to
                        the words we use with ourselves, we tend to feel powerless. we do have the power to change the
                        station of our self-talk radio in a way that will build up, not tear down.

receive the push differently™ – when something in life pushes against us, our first reaction is
                        to push back. our boss, our spouse, our children, our peers. the natural law of science is that
                        when two forces push on each other, the pressure can stay at an infinite equilibrium. how does
                        that look in the real world? we often get locked into a cycle, much like a self-fulfilling
                        prophecy. the power lies in receiving the push differently. learn to identify the 3 traps that
                        people waste precious energy on trying to “fix” and instead choose to own the power you do have™
                        by learning 5 ways to receive the push differently™.

small actions have big impact™ – “give me a lever long enough and i can change world,” or so the
                        saying goes. so many people look for the big fix, the ultimate solution, the answer . . . and
                        then wonder why the change they seek is elusive. leverage is a concept that revolutionizes where
                        people invest their energy in their personal and professional lives. understanding the mental
                        models that shape the way we see the world and shifting them to a new perspective opens doors to
                        finding the leverage within your own life to make significant progress.


shhhhhh - just for the girls – creative expression is part of the joy of the human experience. i
                        have developed a whole series of humorous keynotes because i am busting at the seams for some
                        serious "girl talk"! these keynotes are designed with entertainment and fun in mind based on
                        subjects only us ladies would understand (think peacock parables™, get your sexy back baby™, and
                        “southern women don’t stalk-we respectfully pursue” lol).

contact








                            aria-hidden="true">×
coaching & facilitating


kim is well-versed in a variety of executive coaching methods. she is often hired through
                        black
                        sheep unleashed for executive
                        coaching focused on communications and executive presence. other clients have engaged kim to
                        become an internal certified coach for programs like insideout coaching
                        or to be a 360 coach for an internal
                        customized program. kim has used disc, strengthfinders, and a variety of internal assessments to
                        assist with the coaching engagement.

kim has many examples of how she has significantly influenced leaders in a positive way. her
                        personal mantra of “building people up, not tearing them down” shines through her coaching,
                        especially as some situations are particularly sensitive. she is able to balance the deep
                        respect she has for the coachee with her responsibility to the client who hired her. her
                        southern softness bodes well in the coaching arena, as even the toughest of leaders open up to
                        the insight she shares. her credibility, bias for action, and direct approach is appreciated
                        across the board.

kim is also a master facilitator who facilitates retreats, workshops, conferences, and strategic
                        planning events. if she is already booked during your event, she is well-versed in helping
                        leaders outline an agenda for the event and can recommend other experienced facilitators.

contact








                            aria-hidden="true">×
training & consulting


kim has a close relationship with
                    black sheep unleashed
                    with whom she is proud to be associated.

black sheep is best known for communication and executive presence training. “jeff black and i first met in
                    1990’s when we met through leadership south carolina. we have long shared a passion for helping leaders communicate
                    with greater influence. i have watched jeff grow black sheep from a single person company (with only the black sheep of course)
                    to a boutique consulting firm with a global brand harnessing the talents of numerous consultants. his work with companies like
                    ge, lockheed martin, notre dame, nbc, and capgemini has made black sheep a trusted resource in enhancing leader’s executive
                    presence. he has assembled a terrific team. their experience ranges from using humor/storytelling to influence all the way
                    to an explosion of interest in improv as way to teach leaders how to think on their feet. i am proud to have co-authored by
                    first book with jeff black and carol hamilton.view book
                    exciting times are ahead!” kim is a senior communications consultant with black sheep and sought after executive coach.

kim invested much of her life in training leaders for positive management leadership who is best known for their
                    work in the positive employee relations arena. for the past five years she served as a senior consultant and a business
                    development associate. from 1996 - 2003, kim proudly grew the company with the original founders, linda and steve dolny,
                    where she eventually became a partner with them. “it was an honor to be a partner with linda and steve who i believe
                    embodied the true spirit of positive leadership.” kim said. the unique perspective kim always brought to the company
                    was her expertise in systems thinking.

kim is also an internal certified trainer for additional clients seeking to broaden their network. on the occasion she
                     is already booked with clients, kim is able to connect clients with other consultants which best suit their needs. “i truly
                     operate from a mentality of abundance. i take great pride in matching clients with the right resources, regardless of whether
                     it is specifically me or not. my approach has always been to add value and serve as a resource. the relationships i build
                     with clients last for decades. they see me as a trusted advisor and as a partner to enhance their ability to make an impact.
                     please reach out to me if you are looking for something specific and have not yet found it on this website. chances are i can
                     point you in the right direction.”

contact













blog




changing the world one sister at a time: lauren hisey, transformation leader & change agent
intro: (00:03)welcome to the sisterhood report. i am kimberly faith, your host. we are in a changing world, my sweet sisters, and it’s such an exciting time.  but i hear from a lot of you, you’d like to think about what all of these changes mean for you, for your life, and the life of […]

read more



leading with kindness in a man’s world: diane boettcher, security & it executive with microsoft, author & veteran – based in singapore
intro: (00:03)welcome to the sisterhood report. i am kimberly faith, your host. we are in a changing world, my sweet sisters, and it’s such an exciting time.  but i hear from a lot of you, you’d like to think about what all of these changes mean for you, for your life, and the life of […]

read more



why a #globalsisterhood matters to all of us with sibel bostanci celebi, head of learning & talent development at ge – based in turkey
kimberly: welcome to the sisterhood report. i am kimberly faith, your host.we are in a changing world my sweet sisters and it’s such an exciting time. i hear from a lot of you, you’d like to think about what all these changes mean for you, for your life and the life of women in general, […]

read more




































copyright 2025


kf enterprises, inc


all rights reserved


kim@kimberlyfaith.com


(843) 325-1566






terms of use


disclaimer


intellectual property


privacy policy





























