



home | butlerschool















































apply
|
student login







the international butler academy






home 


butler training 

the academy
the trainers
the curriculum
training in italy
the references
the schedule
the tuition fee
apply here



hotels & resorts 

hotel & resort training
become a partner
become a hotel butler
apply here



recruitment agency 

recruitment agency
finding work & internships
jobs



the extras 

faq
contact
warning
tiba china
luxury yachts
etiquette quiz
michelin guide
interesting facts
why choose us?
tiba & the media
the student uniform
property management
specialized workshops








apply
|
student login













the international butler academy

best butler school in the world

discover more









welcome


the international butler academy


welcome to a world of style, elegance, and decorum. a world of exceptional service. step into our school for butlers, where dreams take flight and professionalism is cultivated. here, we craft individuals into extraordinary professionals who embody the epitome of service. with our unrivaled, highly intensive 8-week training program and unwavering commitment to excellence, we empower aspiring butlers to become masters of their craft. immerse yourself in a transformative journey where every detail matters, where etiquette and precision intertwine, and where the true art of service becomes a way of life. prepare to embark on an extraordinary path that will open doors to prestigious opportunities and forge a lasting legacy in the world of butlers. welcome to a place where dreams are refined and transformed into reality. welcome to the best butler school in the world.
read more 










the training program


the training program from january to march 2025 is full.you may join us for the training program starting may 2025.
apply now 












latest news







powered by curator.io








news
18-06-24
a job guarantee

for graduates who achieve a minimum of 900 points upon graduati…









courses
06-12-24
the dates for the upcoming 8-week training programs are;

january 20 - march 14,…









news
16-10-24
this coming summer, in june 2025, the international butler academy will celebrat…



















best international butler school in the world award



the international butler academy has been awarded the title of "the best butler school in the world" by capital finance international. cfi's awards program recognizes individuals and organizations that contribute significantly to the convergence of economies and add value for all stakeholders.tiba's center of excellence was deemed unique in its field, with an unrivaled level of instruction, leading to the unanimous decision of the judging panel to bestow the award for the years 2019 and 2020.the international butler academy also received the global award from corporate livewire for "specialist education & training provider of the year" for 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024.


pledge of the international butler academy
once you join the international butler academy, you will become a part of our esteemed family. our pledge below was composed by our founder, mr. robert wennekes. our pledge embodies the soul and spirit of the international butler academy and represents its norms and values. by reciting the pledge, you are committing to respect and follow the philosophy, rules, and principles of the international butler academy."i pledge to respect and adhere to the philosophy, rules, and principles of the international butler academy and the norms and values it represents. i take full responsibility for my actions, attitude, and performance at all times. by my professional and reasoned conduct, and through my energy, passion, and commitment, i will embody the highest standards of service, loyalty, trust, discretion, and excellence. i will establish and maintain my personal accountability and integrity through honest achievement and commitment to my vocation. my attitude is shown in my behavior and my behavior shows my character. my character is my destiny."
request free brochure 












how to become a butler?
the path to becoming a butler traditionally involved starting as a low-level servant in a household and working diligently and reliably for many years. eventually, the family might promote the individual to an assistant or under-butler position, where they would be given additional responsibilities. through continued dedication and outstanding service, the individual may then be promoted to the highest rank of butler within the household.
read more 












what does a butler earn?
the salary for a butler can vary greatly depending on the location of their employment. for example, a butler working and living in new york city will likely have a much different salary than one working and living in rural england. other factors that can affect salary include taxes, inclusions, and whether the butler is living on the estate or nearby in their own lodgings. on average, a butler can expect to earn between 40k and 75k euros net annually, but it's important to note that this number can increase significantly with experience and additional training.
read more 












tasks of a butler?
a butler has one primary responsibility, their principal's comfort, and well-being. to achieve this, a butler may be called upon to do almost anything and everything to be of service. whether cleaning the house, cooking some meals, preparing for parties, writing thank you letters, or walking the dog, the tasks of a butler are boundless. if you were to ask ten different butlers, you would most likely get ten different answers, and all would be right. from polishing the silver and serving the meals to preparing the wardrobe and managing the staff to taking care of the garden and seeing to the pets, a butler may do it all.
read more 













contact information

the international butler academy

                      pater damiaanstraat 38
                      6369 sv simpelveld the netherlands

+ 31 - (0) 344 - 67 39 39
butlerschool@butlerschool.com

chamber of commerce: 30244919
iban bank account: nl23rabo0301248079
bank: rabo bank
vat number:  nl819789021b01
 



links

about our school
f.a.q
references
why choose us?
warning!



subscribe newsletter







email address *











		send
	
















virtual tour















                © butlerschool 2025 
              

                all rights reserved
              

disclaimer


privacy statement


















