 family & fishing resort in northern mn | lakewood lodge                       call nowbook now 

  
 
skip to content




the lodgemeet your hostshistoryaccommodations2 bedroom cabins3 bedroom cabins4 bedroom cabins5 bedroom cabinratesspecialswatercraft rentalsblogfacebook feedwebcamthings to dofamily timefishingtop secret fishing tipsfishing videostips from the prosguided tripshuntingwhite-tailed deerruffed grousetips from the prossand lakeseasonsspring & summerfallwinterarea attractionsgolf coursescasinosday tripslocal attractionscontactdirectionsrecommended linksreservationspoliciesfaqthe lodgemeet your hostshistoryaccommodations2 bedroom cabins3 bedroom cabins4 bedroom cabins5 bedroom cabinratesspecialswatercraft rentalsblogfacebook feedwebcamthings to dofamily timefishingtop secret fishing tipsfishing videostips from the prosguided tripshuntingwhite-tailed deerruffed grousetips from the prossand lakeseasonsspring & summerfallwinterarea attractionsgolf coursescasinosday tripslocal attractionscontactdirectionsrecommended linksreservationspoliciesfaq
loading...#1 ranked resort on tripadvisor"best resort for a family vacation" - tripadvisor reviewtop rated lake resort in deer river"worth the drive from indiana" - kristen m"5th consecutive year of coming to lakewood lodge. we absolutely love it" - ginger l
homelakewood2024-06-12t12:20:01-06:00call nowrequest reservationcall nowrequest reservationfishingfamilyfriendsand funwelcome to lakewood lodgewhere it’s better up north!lakewood lodge specializes in providing year-round fun-filled vacations and awesome fishing on a quiet bay of sand lake, part of the bowstring chain of lakes.  we are located 38 miles northwest of grand rapids, mn and 50 miles northeast of bemidji, mn.  come vacation and explore our minnesota resort and play on sand lake.  renew your spirit in the awesome splendor of the chippewa national forest that completely surrounds the resort.  challenge yourself to conquer minnesota fishing on some of the best fishing waters in northern minnesota.2024 veteran small business of the yearwe’re proud to announce that lakewood lodge has been honored with the 2024 veteran small business of the year award by the u.s. small business administration (sba). this recognition highlights our team’s dedication and the exceptional service we provide. we’re grateful to our customers, partners, propelling us forward as we strive for even greater achievements in the future.lakewood lodge has a rich history.  serving vacationers for over 100 years!our primary goal is to provide you with a top quality resort that complements the inspiring beauty that surrounds us.  we will strive to make your stay with us a memorable vacation experience and we will earn your repeat business.  you will find our service to be friendly and thorough, but unobtrusive.  we respect your special time for what it is; your time.lakewood lodge featured on jason mitchell outdoorswhat our guests have to say“looking for a great place to spend quality time with family and friends this is it. the cabins were very nice, the hosts were wonderful. we rented a pontoon for our entire week stay and spent a lot of time on sand lake. we would definitely come back.”
kristen m.“thank you for an absolutely amazing week! the resort is so clean & well maintained and your hospitality really topped it off!”
simpson's“had an awesome time this week! the resort is clean, cabins are great and you guys were awesome! will definitely return!”
s. kroschelhave been here several years in a row and will continuelakewood offers everything i want in my minnesota vacation. i love the peacefulness, the nature, the relaxation and how clean everything is. my husband loves the lake and the fishing. cabins face to the west so the sunsets are great. i recommend you give lakewood a try.
mjzlakewood lodge53026 county road 35
deer river, mn 56636
phone: 218-659-2839
email: vacation@lakewoodlodge.comlocationget social


sitemaphomethe lodgeaccommodationsseasonsthings to docontactfaqblogreservations
©  lakewood lodgefacebooktwitteryoutube
 
 hot deals!  book now and save big!book now                                                                                                

go to top


