

home | martin county school district




















































































skip to contentdiscover mcsdfind  your schoolenroll nowjob opportunitiessearch sitemartin county school districteducate all students for successdiscover mcsdfind  your schoolenroll nowjob opportunitiessearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip galleryclick here to register now!123456end of gallery      classlinkdepartmentsemployee resourcesfocus portalfamily & community  resourcesmillage renewalparents & studentstools for schoolsales tax projectsscholarship opportunitiesschool boardschool choice/specialty pathwayssuperintendentsafety & securityunion negotiationsvolunteer with usrole models of the weekprevious role models of the week itemhamish brewer is a globally recognized educational advocate who built his reputation on results and performance. affectionately called the tattooed skateboarding principal, he is best known for his galvanizing message to “be relentless” and his high-octane delivery style. simone biles' 11 olympic and 30 world championship medals make her the most decorated gymnast in history, but she is also an advocate for mental health and wellness. she uses her notoriety to encourage young people to take care of themselves and work toward their goals.former nfl quarterback tim tebow uses his platform to advocate for our world's most vulnerable populations.  the tim tebow foundation has brought faith, hope and love to those needing a brighter day in their darkest hour in 80+  nations and counting.next role models of the week itemconnect with usmartin county school district1939 se federal highwaystuart, florida fl 349947722191200building hours:
8:00 am - 5:00 pm monday through fridaylet's talkmartin moments e-newsletternote: under florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. if you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.individuals who need auxiliary aids for effective communication in programs and services, are invited to make their needs and preferences known to the district's ada office.  applicants/individuals with disabilities requesting accommodations under the americans with disabilities act (ada) may contact don calderone, ada coordinator, director of risk management and employee benefits, at 772-219-1200, extension 30371.  students with disabilities requesting accommodations under the americans with disabilities act (ada) may contact wilma almestica-sanchez, ada coordinator, director of exceptional student education, at 772-219-1200, extension 30192. schoolsbessey creek elementary schoolcitrus grove elementary schoolcrystal lake elementary schoolfelix a. williams elementary schoolhobe sound elementary schoolj.d. parker elementary schooljensen beach elementary schoolpalm city elementary schoolpinewood elementary schoolport salerno elementary schoolseawind elementary schoolwarfield elementary schoolschoolsdr. david l. anderson middle schoolenvironmental studies centerhidden oaks middle schoolindiantown middle schooljensen beach high schoolmartin county high schoolmurray middle schoolriverbend academysouth fork high schoolspectrum academystuart adult community high schoolstuart middle schoolwilloughby learning centerstay connectedterms of usecopyright © 2025 martin county school district. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more






