





















traverse mountain master association - welcome to your community online

















sign in



 








homemember servicesresident services overviewresident sign innew resident? sign up heredumpstersnew home contructionassociation terminologyfaqsrental restrictionscommunity center & poolkeyfob registrationhoursroom reservationspoolpool rulesswim lessonstmt swim teamconcessionsfitnessfitness roomhigh fitnessyogawater aerobicsactivitiesfaq'spayment guideresourcescompliancecontactsmanagement contactssub associationssearch





welcome to your community onlineresident services resource center management contacts community center & pool we would like to take this opportunity to welcome you and your family to the traverse mountain master association ("tmma") and to congratulate you on the purchase of your home. many services are provided on our website and are easy to use. if you have any questions, please contact the tmma office.   new to tmma.org?if this is your first time logging on, you will need to register by clicking the "register now" icon to the right.  only current owners can log onto tmma.org. if you are the new buyer it takes about a week for us to get you into our system after closing. please contact us directly at the number below for other information we can help you with.account informationto check your account balance or any pertinent information regarding your tmma account, go to the "payments and account info" tab once logged in.resource center available to all realtors, guests, etc.the governing documents, cc&r's and various association documents are located in the resource center. there you can also find board meeting minutes and the association budget.homes must be owner occupied and may not be used as a rental/investment property. please see section 2.12 rental restrictions in the master declaration. rental cap has been reached and no new applications will be approved. (excluded neighborhoods, winter haven and cresthaven townhomes)contact us - the tmma offices are located on the middle level of the new clubhouse building: 2175 w. chapel ridge roadlehi, utah 84043. *please use the exterior stairs on the north side of the building* you can also reach us by phone: (801) 407-6712   





secure sign information
×












×








ok







ccpa | privacy policy | terms of service | rules and regulations | site maphomeowners association management software by frontsteps © 2000-2017. all rights reserved.





















        2175 w. chapel ridge road
        lehi, utah 84043
 (801) 407-6712
      






