





hilldun













































 





 

about us
our services
contact us
hilldun news
client login
 















 


home financing fashion and consumer products since 1958







new york


los angeles


london










about us


women’s wear daily, inc magazine, and business of fashion are just some of the publications that have featured hilldun corporation as a premier factoring and finance company. hilldun offers its clients peace of mind from financial worries. not only can our clients have customized packages to match their needs, they can bank on the expertise of generations of family ownership, led by gary wassner (hilldun’s ceo) and the fourth generation, joshua kapelman and cristopher wassner.
since 1958, hilldun corporation has provided accounts receivable and factoring services to businesses based on both purchase orders and invoices. over the years, some of the iconic brands hilldun has worked with include tommy hilfiger, betsy johnson, marc jacobs, alexander wang, a.l.c., golden goose, amiri and hundreds of others.
hilldun offers clients full, on-line access to their account from anywhere in the world, making it easy to enter orders for credit approval, view decisions, and view the status of their accounts receivable at all times.
hilldun operates worldwide and works in us dollars, great british pounds, euros, canadian dollars, and australian dollars.
hilldun offers a number of different services for its clients. these services start with collection factoring and can include invoice financing, purchase order financing, chargeback management and back office services. a description of our most commonly used services follow.







our family leadership







cris wassner
managing director



gary wassner
chief executive officer



joshua w. kapelman
managing director







our management




business development
tim moore
executive vice president


business development
christina malleos-langbort
director, east coast and europe


business development
brittany parrish
director, west coast and asia pacific






client relations
briana hill
manager, west coast and asia pacific


collection department
vincenza eccleston
vp of collections


credit department
samantha zamichieli
manager






operations
erin lurie
vp of operations


client relations
claire dickinson
vp of client relations


client relations
emmet toner
client services manager






back office
edgar marin
back office manager


accounting
arthur toledo
controller


it department
jeff grippe
it director




























get in touch


new york 36 east 31st street, 12th floor
new york
ny 10016
212 244.2600
email

los angeles the cooper building, 860 s los angeles street,  ste 940 los angeles
ca 90014
213 955.9010
email

london 60 st martins lane, covent garden
london, wc2n 4js
united kingdom
+44(20)39824010
email

 











