










home - sierra health foundation










































 


























followfollowfollow




home
about us

vision, mission and values
board of directors
team
funding
finances
frequently asked questions
careers


the center
programs

conference and education center

meeting planner and policies
facility and capabilities
eligibility and application process


covid-19 regional response funds
health leadership program
responsive grants program
sponsorship requests


knowledge center

evaluation and learning
partnerships newsletter
publications and reports
speaker series


newsroom
contact

mailing list














 














reducing health disparities in california begins with a strong vision










sierra health foundation is a private philanthropy that forges new paths to promote health, racial equity and racial justice in partnership with communities, organizations and leaders.
we are committed to reducing health disparities through convening, educating and strategic grantmaking.











the center at sierra health foundation
we founded the center in 2012 to deepen our impact statewide, with a special focus on the san joaquin valley. the center works to promote health, racial equity and racial justice in communities throughout california with local, state and national partners.
learn more about the center.








every person in california should be able to live a healthy life. that’s the vision we stand by and the journey we are committed to.





our programs and initiatives
sierra health foundation promotes health, racial equity and racial justice in 26 northern california counties, while the center works with local, state and national partners throughout the state.
learn about our programs and initiatives.







 



conference and education center
we provide a venue for nonprofit organizations and public agencies to engage in education, training and collaboration in support of their efforts to improve the well-being of individuals and communities.
learn about the program and apply for meeting space.







 







knowledge center
we are committed to learning from our partners and then sharing and using that knowledge to inform decisions and to accelerate change.

evaluation and learning
partnerships newsletter


publications
speaker series

access our knowledge center.



 







recent news








committed to what works: a message from chet
january 16, 2025
at the start of this new year, we recognize that our shared health equity and racial justice aspirations and strategies are once again under attack.  continue reading...






sojourner truth african heritage museum receives $25,000 grant to support continued operations
november 25, 2024
sierra health foundation announces a $25,000 grant to the sojourner truth african heritage museum to support critical operations.  continue reading...






we refuse to go backwards: standing united for california’s future
november 6, 2024




as we process the results of the 2024 election, we remain steadfast in our commitment to advancing health and racial justice for all californians by investing in the safety, dignity and power of marginalized communities; this remains a core focus of our mission. continue reading...







 
 









1321 garden highway sacramento, california 95833 (916) 922-4755 info@sierrahealth.org

followfollowfollow





programs and initiatives





the center
california funders for boys and men of color
community economic mobilization initiative
conference and education center
covid-19 regional response funds




health leadership program
my brother’s keeper sacramento collaborative
positive youth justice initiative
responsive grants program
san joaquin valley health fund




san joaquin valley impact investment fund
sponsorship requests
steering committee on reduction of african american child deaths






© 2007-2024 sierra health foundation     all rights reserved.   site map   privacy statement   accessibility statement





 





 


































