






















phil jacobsen


 





mobile | rss 

 phil jacobsen


antarctic to tropic

link section

city weekly articles
salon.com story
my old antarctica blog from 2002-2007
proximity magazine

follow this






12/30/2021


“where’s the beef?”

fun fact, my sister was the first person who took the slogan “where’s the beef?” from the tv commercial about wendy’s and started using it in everday slang. because of her, people say “where’s the beef?” it’s no wonder she is in mensa. she’s very smart and sometimes funny.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/where’s_the_beef%3f

photo posted at 01:37
comments

03/28/2020

antarctica. how i learned to stop worrying and love the isolation.
i put on my gloves and face mask like i had done every day for the past six months. i wanted to protect myself, be safe and i wanted to be healthy. no, i wasn’t a prepper preparing for the end of the world and/or the coronavirus, i lived in antarctica.from 2002 to 2018, i spent over six years of my life working and living in antarctica. math might tell you that looks like “16 years,” but antarctica works on a different schedule.scientists and contract laborers (like myself) have been limited to work a maximum of 14 months straight in antarctica. because, after 14 months of isolation, it has been said, “you might lose your mind.” therefore, four weeks, six weeks, or eight weeks of coronavirus quarantine is like a walk on the frozen ocean.everyone loves top 10 lists, but first, here is the background of life in antarctica.there are two different seasons in antarctica: summer and winter. for the laymen, that’s when it’s light 24 hours a day (summer) and then when it’s dark 24 hours a night (winter). it’s not by accident that “winter” is capitalized and “summer” is in lowercase. this is because you need to respect winter.i have spent four winters in antarctica. while there have been changes to the winter schedule, when i wintered in antarctica at mcmurdo station, the largest of the three american bases on the 7th continent, a plane with all of our friends, hopes, dreams and escape plans left in february. the next time we would see the lights of a plane in the sky would be in august.in other words, shit got real when that last plane left. we had to trust we had enough food, talent and toilet paper to last us until the end of august. this is because, as the saying goes, “if we don’t have it, then you don’t need it. and, you don’t need it, because we don’t have it.”if you run out of chicken, then you eat pork. when you run out of pork, you eat lamb, when you run out of lamb, you eat hamsters–hamsters are, what we called, microwavable breaded (or deep fried) ham and cheese hot pockets™®.in other words, the grocery stores are open; quit panicking. when you’re outside, hoping your squirrel trap has been bountiful today, this is the time to panic. however, today, it’s not minus 45 degrees outside. walmart will be restocked soon, put on your mask and gloves and purchase only what you need. then go home. and, if walmart is out of toilet paper, hook a garden hose to your faucet and clean your ass, and be happy your water supply doesn’t give you frostbite.it’s going to be fine.in antarctica, we were living like it was gilligan’s island, “no phone, no lights, no motorcar, not a single luxury.” the only difference was we had phones, lights and motorcars, but when we went outside it was minus 45 –degrees—not a luxury. stay inside on your couch and be happy that when you do go outside to take out the trash, walk the dog or mow your lawn, you’re not getting third degree frostbite and having your toes cut off.this little piggy went to the market. this little piggy watches netflix. this little piggy stays home.speaking of movies and tv shows, my good god, we would have loved to have had netflix, bootlegged versions of game of thrones, youtube or facebook in antarctica. instead, the entirety of mcmurdo’s bandwidth is mostly for science.rarely could i “lol” with my friends on facebook or “yolo” with spring breakers at the beach. nope, science is the priority in antarctica.science, i tell you. a bunch of people, who we called “beakers,” is the entire reason mcmurdo station exists. these scientist are in antarctica to prove or disprove global warming and/or can penguins fly and/or are penguins cute. generally, they proved it, but why listen to scientists?scientists went to school and studied stuff, but have they ever studied the “economy” or “facebook?” can you imagine an entire community who listens to scientists? oh wait, you can? possibly because we’re in a global pandemic? yeah, listen to scientists?during my winters in antarctica, i could go days and only see the one person who i worked with, and guess what? i hated him.in the community, we called him “skin suit.” this was his nickname because, even though he passed his battery of psychological examinations, which are required in order to winter-over in antarctica, he said to suzy—a la “silence of the lambs.”“i wish i could wear your skin, so i could touch you all day.”so, there i was, working at the bottom of the world, with jame “buffalo bill” gume as my coworker for six months, in total darkness, and do you want to know how i got along with him (aside from the one time i threw hot coffee in his face)? i complimented his outfits. i tried to look for the positive in the people who surround me.my first job in antarctica, i was a dishwasher. i left my home, friends and a girlfriend to seek this adventure. i’m still happy with two out of three of those decisions.the first year i spent in antarctica there was a “dishwasher emergency” at the south pole (850 miles from the sea level solitude of mcmurdo). just like we need grocery store employees, drive through food and universal health care, the south pole needed a dishwasher—and they chose me.the south pole is located at 9,301 feet above sea level. that’s not very high. when i live my life in my hometown of salt lake city, i live at 4,327 feet above sea level. i have climbed high mountains in utah, like mt. timpanogos that is 11,752 feet and mt. nebo that is 11,928 ft. i’m not healthy, but i’m also not fat.when i was asked to work at the “high altitude” of 9,301 feet of the south pole, i said, “okay. i’ve done that.”however, what i didn’t know, was that because the south pole is at “the south fucking pole” it’s not just about the altitude.  the south pole has a variance of altitude because of the earth’s centrifugal force which makes the south pole seem much higher than the actual 9,301 feet. at times it can feel, because of lack of oxygen, as though you are over 12 or 13 thousand feet. before going to the south pole, the doctors and scientists said i should take “prophylactic acetazolamide” to combat the feelings of high altitude sickness. however, my friend donald said, “you’ll be ‘okay.’” he said that since he was from colorado and i was from utah, that i would be fine, because i was “use to the high altitude.”i was at the south pole for eight days. i quit taking prophylactic acetazolamide on day four, because i was feeling great. i listened to donald. on day eight, i nearly died. this wasn’t utah. because i’d lived at sea level for four months at mcmurdo station, and donald didn’t know shit, my pulse oximeter (the amount of oxygen which should be in my blood and close to 100) was 52. i was failing breathing.pulmonary edema cut the oxygen supply to my brain making me think 3 + 7 = cat. the south pole doctor said, “phil, you are two to four hours from death.” all flights to the south pole were canceled on this day, due to weather, but, due to “2 to 4 hours of death,” a c130 national guard airplane risked their lives and flew from mcmurdo station to rescue me at the south pole. if not for universal antarctica health care, i could be dead.on this day, i learned i needed to listen to the scientists, and not to donald.this story ended up being too long. i’m sorry. i’ve lived through isolation, listened to friends, instead of the medical community, and somehow i’m still alive. how did antarctica prepare me for the isolation of the coronavirus?1: do something today better than you did yesterday. did you go to bed sooner? wake up earlier? brush your cat?2: exercise. in antarctica my exercise routine was called, “brushing the dust off of david.” there is no reason to take a hammer and chisel to david. all you need to do is to take a wet cloth and brush off the dust. do 10 sit ups, pushups, or jog in place. be happy with who you are, and barely maintain. if you set higher expectations, you might fail. simply, brush the dust off of your personal david.3: do something better today than you did yesterday. there were many times in antarctica i got more drunk on friday than i did on thursday. i’m not advocating alcoholism, but lower your expectations. don’t look for perfection when a glass of wine might do.4: did you make your bed after you woke up? some days you will go to bed and your biggest accomplishment will be, “i made that bed today.” congratulations.5:  groundhog day. every day may seem like yesterday, but, how did you make it different? in antarctica, after six months of winter the trash shelves are lined with “learn ‘this language’ in 30 days” dvds. nobody accomplishes a lot during the isolation of winter. but, if we do little, then that is a lot.6: communication. does your phone work? in antarctica, no one can call us, so we have to call out. instead of waiting for ‘that phone call.’ make it.7:  don’t go outside. it’s too cold. in the covid-19 case, it’s too dangerous. my dad goes to dialysis three times a week; please don’t kill him. don’t go outside.8: appreciate your pets. in antarctica we are not allowed to have pets. i started the “antarctica cat club.” all we did was share photos of our cats from home that we wished to be with. now, we get to live a cat’s life. nap. eat. shit. nap. clean. nap. eat. repeat. love your pets you lucky sons of bitches.9: art. be creative. rather you’re by yourself or preferably, with only yourself. do something artistic. for instance, today, i chose to write this manifesto. in antarctica a group of us recreated the (drunk) history of the race to south pole by roald amundsen and robert scott (https://vimeo.com/35084075). what will you or your isolated group create?10: know that it ends. a plane will come and take you away or scientists will tell you it’s safe to go outside. and then, it’s over. you take off your mask and gloves. you shop at a grocery store, you go to a movie, you hug your parents or, you love being able to hold those who you love.stay warm. stay isolated. and, stay indoors.

text posted at 14:01
comments

04/08/2019

pelican. peli-couldn’t fly
beach towels and a chair. a cooler full of beer and plenty of sunscreen. these are things i carry to the beach. two k-mart beach chairs, a snorkel, fins and my underwater camera.  just more accessories to put in my backpack when i go to the beach.filtered water for our bottles, a hammock i’ve never used (but want to), rope, a knife and trail mix in case we get hungry.the things i carry to a beach vary each time i go to the beach. some things are “standard” and other things get tossed in my backpack “just in case.”just in case i find two trees on a beach, i’ll hang up a hammock. just in case i find two trees, i’ll bring 100 feet of rope. and, just in case all of this happens, i’ll need a knife to cut the rope to hang the hammock to enjoy swaying in the breeze on the beach.in the six months of living in puerto rico, i’ve never hung a hammock, never brought a rope and never brought a knife to hang a hammock that i’ve never hung on the beach.but.lisa is visiting from utah this week, and i tried to bring it all to the beach. i didn’t care if my backpack looked like i packed everything and the kitchen sink because you never know, when you’re at the beach–maybe you need the kitchen sink.check your geography, puerto rico is an island. this means i can be to “a” beach in less than ten minutes. but, to get to “another” beach, which is possibly indiscernible from “a” beach, we hiked 25 minutes to “the” beach. the real difference from “a” beach to “the” beach are people. while “a” beach might have 100 people in the water, “the” beach usually has zero to ten people. i didn’t hang the hammock, but there was shade, a gentle breeze and the warm water of the ocean to wade into, drink our beers, chat, watch fish jump around us and see five pelicans try to eat the fish that circled around our legs.lisa loved the pelicans. they dove around us and often came up empty billed. but, when they caught a fish, we could tell because we could see the fish flipping and flapping around inside the pelican’s pouch before getting swallowed. it was like watching the discovery channel in super high def-3d. better, of course, because it was live. reality tv—if you will—but better, because there was no tv.at one point we saw all five pelicans surrounding and fighting for a red snapper.i’m not a fishologist, but this seemed strange. i had never seen this fish this close to shore when i’ve been snorkeling. it was odd, but so is the number five, and that’s how many pelicans were trying to eat the red snapper, but none of them could swallow such a big fish.admittedly i have a lot to learn about birds, fish and the habitat of puerto rico, but something didn’t seem right.and then we saw the problem. this snapper was attached to about 10 feet of fishing line. the pelicans couldn’t swallow their catch, because their catch had a string and a hook attached. a string that quickly proved deadly.one of the pelcans, pel-a-couldn’t get un-tangled from the fishing line. the fishing line was wrapped around its wings.standing in chest deep water, drinking our beers, lisa and i were 20 feet away from this bird’s death.“i have a knife in my bag,” i said to lisa. “hold my beer and let’s see what happens.” after swimming to shore, i rifled through my backpack, past the hammock and rope and found my knife. i also grabbed my mask, but did not put on my flippers, because lisa shouted, “hurry.”when i got to the ocean’s edge, i could see why lisa was concerned, the pelican was tangled so tightly, it was flipped upside down and appeared to be drowning. plus, a second pelican, perhaps its mate, was three feet away, in distress, watching his partner die.i unsheathed my knife and swam to the two pelicans. do pelicans bite? do pelicans have rabies? do pelicans attract sharks? do pelicans like human flesh? do pelicans know you really want to help them when they are in distress? do you know one thousand other questions ran through my head as i swam towards these pelicans? i know, because they did.swimming towards these birds, i knew what the problem was: fishing line. i just didn’t know how bad the issue was. one pelican was drowning, because the other pelican was also wrapped up in the fishing line with a dead fish on a hook between them both.with my mask on, i could tell the drowning pelican was tightly wrapped in red (or blue) fishing line. as i try to remember the color, i can’t. it was just intense and lots of monofilament that was a different color than clear—the normal color of fishing line.thinking the birds would attack and trying to be quick, i approached with my knife, and the pelicans did not flutter, flinch or try to fly away. did they know i was there to help?looking at the drowning bird, i could see two wraps of line around its body, so i did two quick cuts (away from its body and my face) and then i brought the knife down across the line that joined the two birds.in a flash and a dash and a splash, the floating pelican quickly flew away, but the drowning pelican, still covered in fishing line and a dead snapper wrapped in its wings, just paddled away. upright and breathing, but still wrapped up.i could not catch up to this pelican, so i swam back to lisa, she handed me my beer and we just figured this bird would die. we thought this bird would die. we saved one bird, but there was no joy in toasting to a job half-done.this pelican just floated out to the breakers. we watched it get tossed in the waves. it would disappear beneath the surf, and then rise to the surface. soon we expected it would not come up again.until.a wave crashed into it, and it not only floated to the surface, but it began to fly, and as it rose into the sky we saw a red snapper and five feet of fishing line fall off its body and into the ocean.now, we toasted our beers to “did that really just happen?”i’m not a hero but the things i carry to the beach will now always include a knife, a mask and a whole of lot of moxy.

text posted at 11:31
comments

02/12/2019

the descent into the cave was like the descent back to childhood. through the small womb of a crevasse, we crawled into the darkness. on our hands a knees we saw only what our flashlights could illuminate: graffiti.i don’t know why the graffiti surprised me, but it did. we had just hiked up the side of a slippery slope of a hill/mountain with mud, rocks and jungle for about 25 minutes to find this cave. we had flashlights, rope, lunch, climbing gear, water and cameras. at some point in the past, another group had to have made this same journey with the following conversation:“hey bob,” john would have asked, “i have the flashlights, climbing gear, rope, lunch, water and cameras for our trip to the cave? am i forgetting anything?”and bob would have replied, “what about the spray paint? what’s the point of going into a cave, if i can’t write my name on a wall?”fair enough, bob. a picture is worth a thousand words, but thanks to bob’s logic, the first photo in this cave is only worth three words, “bob was here.”luckily, the spray painting only lasted about to the point where the noise of bats filled up the cavern. apparently, the bats had their own way of marking their territory and this is where i figured out where that colloquialism came from.  with all of the bat shit, i felt crazy to continue this expedition. in the beam of my headlamp, i could see bats flying in and out of view as their high-pitched sonar guided them around me and the stalactites with a noise that seemed to sound like they were saying, “i have rabies (stalactite—fly to the left). i have rabies (stalagmite—fly to the right) i have rabies (phil—fly closer than his comfort zone and then whisk his helmet with your wing).”and, just as i was getting comfortable with the uncomfortableness of bats flying into my belfry, i saw out the corner of my light beam a crab that would have filled a platter at red lobster.trying to swear every known lord’s name in vain, i said, “vishnu, shiva, jesus, ganesha, mohamed and flying spaghetti monster, too. what the fuck was that?” figured it was best to cover all of the bases, because if, in that moment, a nine-armed-purple-octopus with a strainer on its head could be summoned to catch a crab—i didn’t want to play favorites.“oh yeah,” dave said. “there are cave crabs, too”no. dave. that was not the proper response.let’s say i saw a kitten cuter than gato at the bottom of the cave, then dave could have said, “oh yeah, there are cave kittens, too. they’re really cute, friendly and playful, but they’re also blind. you cannot take a cave kitten home. they’re like vampires and will die in the sun. but, oh yeah, there are cave kittens. and, instead of sonar, they use purring to navigate a cave.”

text posted at 18:45
comments

02/04/2019

cave man
i put ellen degeneres on speed dial. i did this right after i said, “yes” to dave and galen’s request to join them underground–in a cave. the only knowledge i have of going into a cave revolves around the 12 thai boys and their coach who got stuck in a cave in july of 2018.  so, that knowledge includes:1. get into a cave2. get stuck3. get rescued4. get on ellentherefore, if i’m going to go into a cave, i want to skip to the bottom of that list as quick as i can. get on ellen. no need to spend days trapped in a cave wondering, will i live or will i die or will i be on ellen?” no. just get me out of the cave and get me on ellen.and, i had a plan for this. i pre-wrote an alert that my phone would automatically send out if i did not cancel the message before it got dark and/or i got hungry. i estimated this to be about three hours after entering the cave, the message said (sent by text to ellen’s phone):“ellen, remember how you had 12 thai boys on your show who got trapped in a cave? you know what’s worse than that? fifty one year olds are currently trapped in a cave in puerto rico. starvation is a reality. i know it sounds hard to believe, but it’s true. please rally all of your resources to help save these fifty one year olds.”granted, it might have been a bit embarrassing when ellen and elon musk showed up to puerto rico with 50 baby submarines only to find me limping out of the cave with a sprained ankle, but, i would have just said, “sorry, i’m learning spanish and sometimes my spanish to english doesn’t translate so well, that message should have said, “there’s a 51 year old hungry in a cave. please bring a cheeseburger.”with an airtight safety exit plan ready to be executed, i got in the car with galen and dave and headed to this puerto rican cave.on the way there, dave went over the list of problems we might incur.“it’s dark,” he said, “so i hope you have a good headlamp. rocks are slippery. mud is dirty. you’re going to get wet. don’t hit your head on the stalactite and you ‘might’ trip over a stalagmite.”thanks dave, useful information because i always got stalactites and stalagmites confused when i’ve never been in a cave.“oh, one more thing,” dave said, as almost an afterthought, “there are lots of bats in this cave. if they fly towards you, which they will, put your hand in front of your face so they hit your arm and not your head. and, the tailless whipscorpion, while it looks like a creature from your nightmares and/or something that would kill sigourney weaver in ‘aliens’ is actually harmless to humans.”and, with the fear of rabies and scorpions on the submerged horizon, we went into the cave.

text posted at 16:09
comments


page 1 of 6
 | next »





home | archive | rss



 




tumblr » powered
sid05 »  templated







