



welcome to blue ridge cabins





























 
 
 


 


please be advised that the cabins have been sold. 
                we are unable to help you with availability or reservations. 
blue ridge cabins, inc. is headed in a new direction and we will keep you posted as our future goals unfold. 
  this is an exciting time for us and we can't wait until these goals become a reality! 
please call with questions. our number is the same: (828) 243-0186 























blue ridge cabins offers two 
													secluded cabins surrounded by hardwoods, 
													pine & mountain laurel.
each air-conditioned cabin has a fully equipped kitchen plus washer and dryer. all linens and towels are provided.
the cabins are completely private, conveniently located near the blue ridge parkway, biltmore estate, downtown asheville, and the asheville regional airport -- all within 11 miles.
critter house has a gas-burning stove
														and is perfect for small families. 

bird house has a woodstove
														and is best suited for adults. 

sorry, smoking is not allowed inside the cabins.



amenities




• small hiking trail


• small picnic area




• gazebo


• tot play area




• swing for relaxation


• outdoor hammock














critter house
2-level family cabin
													with 1 bedroom, sleeping porch and 1 3/4 baths.
													$170 / night
													3 night minimum*
													$1020 / week for two people







there are numerous adventures and
													discoveries to be made in our beautiful mountains.
													       it is hoped that your stay will be memorable.





































click on image to
view more photos.





bird house
3-level adult cabin
												with 1 bedroom,
												sleeping porch
												and 1 3/4 baths.








pick fresh herbs from the garden.
observe nature from the
													backyard wildlife habitat which has
													seating for bird and critter watching.


















$170 / night • 3 night minimum*
													$1020 /week for two people




click on map for directions.







for more information about the asheville area, visit the chamber web site:
www.ashevillechamber.org







for more information or to book reservations, call (828) 243-0186
													or e-mail: brcabin@bellsouth.net
10% of all profits are donated to wildlife rehabilitation
































taxes will be added to the rates shown above.
																				rates are for two adults and are subject to change without notice.
																				security deposit required. not accepting credit cards at this time, but please call for current policy.
																		    sorry, we do not allow pets. blue ridge cabins is a smoke-free facility.
*2-night minimum available; however, there is an additional fee of $45.






















home    |    back to top    |    directions     |    photo gallery 





















