vice president research and economic development - university at buffaloskip to content  university at buffalo (ub)the state universityof new york  university at buffalo (ub)   research and economicdevelopment   find help  toggle navigation menu    1/22/25 who we are      2/6/25 research services      1/22/25 research expertise      1/22/25 business & entrepreneur partnerships      1/22/25 who we are      2/6/25 research services      1/22/25 research expertise      1/22/25 business & entrepreneur partnerships   search    info for    info for   faculty / staff  students  business / industry  find help 2024: the year of ai at ub12/23/24with interest in ai surging globally, these advancements showcase and build upon ub’s impressive half-century of expertise in ai research and education. they also hint at a brighter future, where ai’s uncanny abilities merge with human ingenuity to tackle society’s greatest challenges.empire ai comes online10/16/24ub’s center for computational research (ccr) will allow the empire ai consortium to begin harnessing ai for the public good this fall.ub engineers awarded $3 million to create new industrial membranes12/23/24the technology could reduce greenhouse gas emissions associated with the production of food, pharmaceuticals and chemicals.ub’s ai and health equity plan advances in nsf engines grant program11/12/24ub is now eligible — along with 70 proposals nationwide, including four others in new york — to compete for up to $160 million over 10 years in federal investment.ub dental school awarded $7.3 million from nih to develop microbiome research facility11/12/24the grant will fund the new 4,000 ft. facility, which will train scientists in a germ-free, safe and effective space for research into the oral microbiome and systemic diseases.ub awarded $10 million to lead new center on early literacy and ai9/20/24the center for early literacy and responsible ai will focus on harnessing ai to improve early literacy instruction for kindergarten through second-grade students across the nation.national institutes of health award ub $28.4 million1/24/25ub's clinical and translational science institute will use this award to improve health outcomes and address disparities throughout western new york.previous next fueling research, discovery, & innovation the university at buffalo: a leading public research university and flagship of the suny system. ranked third in the u.s. for innovation, first in new york state, and an esteemed member of the association of american universities (aau).here is where ambition meets altruism, driving transformative research for global impact. our breakthroughs result in new cures, advanced materials, and resilient communities, contributing to meaningful global change. update on federally funded projects   strategic research fuels innovation with impact  witness the transformation of scientific and technological breakthroughs into global impact—right here in our communities and beyond! our research is groundbreaking. explore the frontiers of artificial intelligence, advanced computing, semiconductors, biotechnology, and advanced energy and materials. artificial intelligence for societal impact using human-informed research to expand the boundaries of machine learning, address the world’s most complex challenges and combat misinformation.  robotics, advanced manufacturing & materials utilizing robotic technologies and advanced materials to forward industrial output and boost productivity in an ecological and fiscally sustainable manner. advanced energy & industrial efficiencies technologies introducing new technologies and enabling bold discoveries to address product development opportunities, harness energy, create efficiencies and mitigate challenges. climate & extreme events tackling the world’s most extreme disasters, complex energy and environmental issues, and leading the charge on creating a sustainable world for all. high performance computing analyzing large-scale data and leveraging expertise in advanced computing, machine learning and artificial intelligence will enable the next generation of scientific discoveries. life & biomedical sciences driving medical discoveries, technological and scientific breakthroughs to improve the health and wellness of patients around the world.$ 0 million  annual spending on research 0 + technologies  available for licensing $ 0 + billion  annual economic impact  research & innovation news  learn more about ub’s latest research ventures and community impacts on ubnow, the university’s go-to internal news site.   learn more    license technology solve a technical problem, grow your business, or launch a new venture with cutting-edge technologies from ub.   learn more    move innovations to impact stay at the forefront of innovation with joint r&d projects, funding, high-tech facilities, equipment and research services.   learn more    testimonials  “my goal is to really try to tap into the deep expertise in ub across different domains and work with the colleagues here to see how ai and data science or technology in general can help enable them to do their work more effectively. ”12/19/23jinjun xiong, phd “about five years ago, i noticed that pfas were on the news because of growing evidence that they are toxic and pervasive. there are still a lot of unknowns that we need to tackle. ”12/19/23diana aga, phd “we are excited to leverage ub’s expertise in artificial intelligence, drive innovation, and continue to prepare our students to power the professional workforce of the 21st century. ”12/19/23venu govindaraju, phd “i support the growth and professional development of early career engineers and scientists. with rapid advancements in technologies and research, it is critical that we prepare the next generation workforce. ”12/19/23francine battaglia, phd  previous     next    research insights and discoveries  ub │ ai chat series: harnessing ai for public goodub | ai is a two-year series exploring how ub faculty across disciplines are harnessing artificial intelligence for the public good. launched on september 6, 2023, the series will discuss ai's role in advancing societal good in the realms of education, health care and the arts, among others.   browse ub | ai chat series events   podcast: ai for social goodas a young computer scientist at ibm, jinjun xiong was impressed when the company’s watson computer won “jeopardy!”. but he also thought we should be using ai to help people, not beat them. today, as the director of ub’s institute for artificial intelligence and data science, he’s spearheading multiple ai projects that do just that. in this episode of driven to discover, he talks to host cory nealon about all the ways ai can make our lives better, and why we shouldn’t be so afraid of it.   browse all episodes of driven to discover   podcast: changing the black east sideas a clinical audiologist, henry louis taylor jr. wanted to understand how the socioeconomic realities of his black patients had diverged so sharply from those of his white patients. so he got his phd in history. now, as an urban historian and planner, he’s on a mission to fix a system of neighborhood development that has long served one population to the detriment of another. in this episode of driven to discover, he discusses his most ambitious effort to date: the east side neighborhood transformation project.   browse all episodes of driven to discover   podcast: multispecies designas a child, joyce hwang was fascinated by the way animals would create little disturbances in the human-made landscape. now the intersection between animals and the built environment is the focus of her architectural practice and teaching. in this episode of driven to discover, she tells us why it’s critical to design our buildings and backyards to accommodate non-human species, for our sake as well as theirs.   browse all episodes of driven to discover     research news article on queer pastorals among first in new journal2/13/25ub professor cody mejeur asks readers to rethink and re-examine their relationships with nature and the living beings they share the world with.ai subscription models reshape retail landscape2/12/25retailers are rapidly adopting artificial intelligence and subscription-based models to enhance customer loyalty and drive growth.why designing for all species matters2/12/25in the new driven to discover podcast, architect joyce hwang discusses her work incorporating habitats for animals into human spaces and why that’s mutually beneficial.  quick links    participate in research      12/18/24 ub rates and facts for researchers      12/18/24 limited submission opportunities      10/18/21 forms catalog      9/10/17 click portal login      oncore login      12/18/24 training workshops      12/18/24 need to know    highlighted events loading events… see all> resources for our researchersresearch advancement leadership & administration technology transfer sponsored project services  here is where differences become our strengths, where scientific and technological discoveries transform into global impact, and where bettering the world becomes our life’s work.  site index our offices    1/18/22 business and entrepreneur partnerships      12/18/24 clinical research office (cro)      12/18/24 laboratory animal facilities (laf)      12/18/24 office of research advancement (ora)      12/18/24 office of research compliance (orc)      12/18/24 research information systems (ris)      12/18/24 social and behavior research support office (bro)      12/18/24 sponsored projects services (sps)      12/18/24 technology transfer    interdisciplinary centers    center for computational research (ccr)      center for integrated global biomedical sciences      clinical research institute on addictions (cria)      center of excellence in bioinformatics and life sciences (cbls)      center of excellence in materials informatics (cmi)      ub renew: research and education in energy, environment and water institute      ub microbiome center    collaborative research    bioxfel      buffalo institute for genomics & data analytics (big)      clinical translational research center      start-up ny      ub cat: center for advanced biomedical & bioengineering technology      wny innovation hot spot      women's health initiative    communities of excellence    genome, environment and microbiome      smart - sustainable manufacturing and advanced robotic technologies      community for global health equity   research and economic development 516 capen hall buffalo, ny 14260-1611 (716) 645-3321   12/18/24 contact us   linkedin   university at buffalo. all rights reserved.  |  privacy  |  accessibilityyour privacy is important to us.buffalo.edu uses cookies to help build a better website experience for our visitors. learn more in our privacy policy.okay