





chilled water | delivery | water coolers (nz) | just water













































search 






call us on 0800 801 802.





                contact            



                about            



                our water            



                faqs            



                testimonials            



                blog            


















 


water at homeaboutfill-your-own water bottle cooler optionwater bottle delivery cooler optionswater at workaboutfloor-standing water coolersbench-top water coolerswater fountainsunder-bench chill & boil solutionswall-mounted boil solutionshot & cold unitswater coolers for high sulphur areasfilters & partsjust paper cupsjust water filtersjust water dropsother accessories & partscustomer carecontact usaboutour waterfaqsmake a paymentjust water solutionscustomer perks

        free quote    

















water at homeaboutfill-your-own water bottle cooler optionwater bottle delivery cooler optionswater at workaboutfloor-standing water coolersbench-top water coolerswater fountainsunder-bench chill & boil solutionswall-mounted boil solutionshot & cold unitswater coolers for high sulphur areasfilters & partsjust paper cupsjust water filtersjust water dropsother accessories & partscustomer carecontact usaboutour waterfaqsmake a paymentjust water solutionscustomer perks



about

our water

blog

testimonials

contact



free quote















  nz's leading water solution provider
just water is the biggest nation-wide provider of clean, filtered water solutions. enhancing the lives of new zealanders in the home and workplace since 1989.

                enquire now            
 call us 0800 801 802












  leading nationwide provider of water solutions
pioneering in new zealand and market-leading, just water is the biggest nation-wide provider of clean, chilled, filtered water solutions. enhancing the lives of new zealanders since 1989, through the best product range available, at home and at work.

                enquire now            
 call us 0800 801 802












  the best service - our priority
top service for businesses since 1989 - it's one of our core values and we pride ourselves in going above and beyond to ensure customer satisfaction, every time! some of new zealand's biggest businesses, from fonterra to the warehouse group, trust us to keep their staff hydrated.

                view testimonials            












  business & home solutions for every budget
we offer a premium range of products for the home and businesses at affordable prices, with solutions to suit all hydration needs and no compromise on quality. our friendly sales team will help you find the best deal! just call us on 0800 801 802.

                request free quote            














  get just water at home  
as seen on medifacts tv
clean, chilled, affordable and delicious water for the whole family to enjoy! from just $1 a day, choose from an unlimited supply of filtered water directly from your tap, or conveniently delivered to your doorstep. say goodbye to single-use plastic bottles and hello to a healthier and more sustainable lifestyle for you and your loved ones.





about our home water coolers
whether you opt to fill-your-own cooler or receive water deliveries for the family, we have the perfect solution for chilling your filtered water.





water cooler delivery option
available in select areas of the north island, our water delivery option means clean, filtered water is delivered straight to your door by our friendly drivers.





fill-your-own cooler option
if you aren't eligible for water delivery, then a fill-your-own cooler is a great option for you! refill your water bottle at your convenience, with great-tasting refreshing water filtered through our premium home purification system. 




                learn more





  get just water at work  
since 1989, just water has been leading the way in supporting thousands of new zealand businesses by providing tailored water solutions, from water coolers, to fountains, to underbench solutions and more. our premium-grade filtration system removes chlorine, bad taste and odours, chemicals and sediments, leaving only crystal clear spring-like drinking water.





water cooler solutions
we have commercial cool & cold units, hot & cold units as well as our new eco-friendly coolers to suit your business' needs and budget! with convenient options for plumbed-in units or water delivery, we'll find something for your workplace.





water fountain solutions
perfect for workplaces with high water consumption, our plumbed-in fountain range features a high-grade filtration system.





under-bench solutions
ideal for workplaces with limited space, our deluxe under-bench range provides instant chilled as well as boiling filtered water.




                learn more









 
just water at home get fresh, filtered water in your home from $1 per day. 


                learn more



 
 
get water at work since 1989, just water has been leading the way in supporting thousands of new zealand businesses by providing clean, refreshing, easily accessible filtered water. 


                learn more








black friday deals






get in touch
we are here to assist you every step of the way. if you have any questions, concerns, or inquiries, please don't hesitate to reach out to us.

email us on
hello@justwater.co.nz
call us on
0800 801 802
talk now on
live chat
address


auckland
103 hugo johnston drive, penrose


hamilton
27 northway street, te rapa


wellington
17 toop street, seaview, lower hutt



find us on

















get a free quote
want just water for your home or business? fill out the form below and our team will be in touch within 24 hours!


online form - free quote 









the just water difference
why choose just water? we’re the dedicated water specialists – we have everything you need to stay hydrated at home, at work, in the office and at leisure.







dedicated to high quality service 


since 1989, we’ve delivered exceptional service at competitive pricing to thousands of satisfied customers.







choice & control 


new zealand’s largest range of chilled and boiling water systems, with solutions to fit all needs and budgets.







quality & safety 


we guarantee clean, safe, purified drinking water from our local water bottling plants and mineral-rich artesian sources.







refill not landfill 


looking after the people of new zealand and our planet with convenient alternatives to single use plastic.







a healthy twist 


keep in tip top shape, with endless, delicious filtered water on tap – a refreshing break from sugary soft drinks.







worry-free water 


if you’ve got a problem, we’ll solve it. our trained service team is ready to fix any faults, keeping everything flowing.










“we chose just water for two reasons: firstly, the ability to provide us with nationwide services, and secondly, their drinksafe programme which provides us with a consistent standard across all sites.” 
virginia duncan, procurement category administrator at fonterra


"recently we decided that as part of our continued move towards environmental care and sustainability, to try just water's environmental cups. they're fully biodegradable and compostable - and our clients prefer them. thanks for spreading goodness just water."
home and family counselling


"just had an online conversation to get the costs and details of the cups – what a great service – so fast. i didn’t know our customer number but she found it for me and gave me the details to purchase. made my friday!"
napier municipal theatre



        view all testimonials    







customer care quick links
already a just water customer? we’re here to help! to make it easy for you, below we listed the most popular customer queries. if you are after something else, however, please do not hesitate to call our friendly team on 0800 801 802 or email hello@justwater.co.nz.






 ran out of water?
not to worry! just fill in the contact form or call our friendly team and we will schedule an additional delivery and take care of your hydration needs.

                contact us            





 order water cooler parts


from filters to drip trays, parts are included in your cooler rental so just fill in the order form if you require a replacement part.



                order now            





 make a payment
we've made payments easy - just click below! alternatively, if you have a query about your invoice or payment plan, call our friendly team on 0800 801 802 or email hello@justwater.co.nz.

                pay now            










just water on medifacts tv



        your browser doesn't support the html5 video tag.    










all
water jugs
water coolers
health
enviornment
awards







10 jan  2025start your year right: the benefits of drinking wate…start your day right with a glass of water! morning hydration replenishes what’s lost overnight, boosts metabolism, supports digestion, and energises you for the day. it’s a simple habit with big benefits, like clearer thinking and glowing skin. read more





08 jan  2025refreshing homemade ice blocks recipe for hot summer…keep the family entertained during hot summer days can be challenging, but these simple peach and passionfruit ice blocks make it easy! with just two ingredients - water and just water drops peach and passionfruit. create a naturally flavoured, sugar-free, and hydrating treat that's perfect for all ages.  read more





15 dec  2024why you should add just water drops to your daily ro…just water drops turn plain water into a flavourful peach and passionfruit treat, making hydration more enjoyable. free from sugar, colouring, and preservatives, they provide a healthier alternative to sugary drinks.  read more







guarantee from the ceo
"i built just water on trust and fair play, and i treat every customer as though they were my own family. so if we’re not living up to your expectations, contact me directly. i promise to do the right thing by you."
tony falkenstein,
founder and ceo of just life group
call me on 021 950 856 or email at tonyf@justlife.co.nz

        enquire now    

















just what we do. since 1989.

        request free quote    


water at home solutions



                home water cooler            



                fill-your-own cooler            



                water delivery            



water at work solutions



                water coolers            



                water fountains            



                under-bench solutions            



                wall-mounted solutions            




customer care



                make a payment            



                faqs            



                our water            



                about            




contact

call us on
0800 801 802
email us on
hello@justwater.co.nz
get in touch
chat now

find us on























© copyright just water 2022





                terms & conditions            



                privacy policy            



                delivery & returns            



                just life group            















