ohm speakers | custom audiophile speakers for music & home theater   speakersshopnew model speakerslegacy parts & serviceoutlet storespeaker filtercustom formsupportlegacy parts & serviceorder process120 day trialdownloads & manualswarrantyaboutoverviewtechnologyreviewsnewscontact  0  item   items  in cart open search  open menu    speakersshopnew model speakerslegacy parts & serviceoutlet storespeaker filtercustom formsupportlegacy parts & serviceorder process120 day trialdownloads & manualswarrantyaboutoverviewtechnologyreviewsnewscontactthe legendary ohm walsh"to my ears the ohm walsh speakers combine the transparency and transient ability of exotic speakers like electrostatics, but without the drawbacks of directionality, limited dynamic range, and limited bass response."– don lindich's sound advice blog view walsh tall  ohm technologyfind out why ohm speakers are unparalleled in sound quality, durability, and value.coherent line source driver (cls) technology provides full room stereo, 3d stereo imaging, and true wave form fidelity. technology   slide - the legendary ohm walsh (2022)slide - ohm technology (2022)hand made in usa since 1971!best valueohm speakers provide the most firm, precise stereo imaging over the widest sweet-sweep from any speakers world-wide. extraordinarily natural, intelligible vocal reproduction for both music and films. hand crafted in the usa. technology  about technology    walsh tallohm walsh talls are floor standing speakers able to reproduce the full range of music. the height is optimized for seated listening. they are typically used for 2-channel music reproduction and as the main left and right channel in combined music and home theater systems.walsh tall →  microwalsh shortthe microwalsh speakers are smallest versions of our walsh product line. these are 6” x 6” columns 21” tall. they use the smallest walsh driver we have ever mass produced. as the new york times said of an earlier walsh, “…they create a reach-out-and-touch-it realism…” these are full range systems for small to medium rooms.microwalsh short →  parts & serviceif you own ohm speakers or are considering buying a used pair, you can find info, parts, upgrades and service on most ohm models produced since 1971.parts & service →our products speak for themselves. music lovers have listened for over fifty years.ohm speakers use unique technology that makes music sound better than most ‘live’ performances. they don’t sound like speakers (including speakers at concerts) – they sound like the music. and, you don’t have to sit in one spot to enjoy the music; almost anywhere they sound natural – even the next room listening through an open door! it is easiest to hear this improvement on voices since we all know what live voices actually sound like. in home theater systems, the actors sound like live people and their dialogue is clearly understood from anywhere in the room.  full room stereoyou will hear a wide, tall and deep 3-d sonic image of the performers from almost any place in the room - not only in one tiny spot directly in front of the speakers.  3-d stereo imagingif the music recording or soundtrack is well-produced, you’ll hear each performer’s exact location in height, width and depth. the ambiance of the performance hall will be accurately conveyed across your listening room.   waveform fidelitysound is the varying of pressure over time. a microphone converts the pressure into an electrical signal. when you ”receive” the actual waveform output of the sound from ohm loudspeakers, it closely matches the electrical waveform input to the loudspeaker.walsh 300 mk-2s, the audiophile voice, james t. franeyo yo ma seemed to occupy a space in my room, with the presence of the full richness and texture of the cello james t. frane the audiophile voicewalsh 200, secrets of home theater and high fidelity, j.d. morettiin sum, the ohm speakers, with their 'walsh' design, are very unique. if you are into an open sound stage, yet focused highs, these should definitely be auditioned. j.d. moretti the new walsh 2000s, reviewed by phil slepian in audiogonthe ohms do detail very well, and i was introduced to all kinds of musical nuance on familiar recordings that i had been missing before. especially noticeable are things like performers inhaling prior to singing or playing… phil slepian walsh 5000 mini-review by mamboni in audiogonthe walsh 5000s are loudspeakers built by a da vinci - you can hear the quality and excellence of sound that could only be the work of a master builder seasoned by years of refinement of his techniques. such a work is… mamboni audiogonmel martin reviews the walsh 3000 for secrets of home theater and high fidelityextremely well crafted and lovely to look at. highs are silky smooth, the bass is deep and non-distorted. mel martin secrets of home theater and high fidelitysecrets of home theater and high fidelity recommended gear listthere is no shortage of speakers in this price range, but i would have to put the walsh 3000 speakers at or near the top of its competitors. mel martin secrets of home theater and high fidelityexplore our products  
best valueohm speakers provide the most firm, precise stereo imaging over the widest sweet-sweep from any speakers world-wide. extraordinarily natural, intelligible vocal reproduction for both music and films. hand crafted in the usa.
learn more
   
speakers ship for $100for a limited time, all speakers ship for $100 within the contiguous 48 states. with our 120 day home trial program, you can’t go wrong.
shop now
   
your speakers, your waynot sure what to get? let us configure a completely optimized system for you based on listening room dimensions, type of music, loudness, and application.
go
 latest news & viewscheck out ohm's weekly posting of informative articles about everything related to speakers and more!
view allthursday, august 22, 2024 happy birthday johnas most of you probably already know, last year we lost our great leader. john strohbeen drove development at ohm for 45 years, never satisfied to accept the conventional approach to doing…
read more tuesday, august 6, 2024 it's like being there!the drawbacks of conventional speakers
we often listen to music in rooms with walls. the design of most speakers ignores that fact or even forces you, the listener, to fight the room in…
read more wednesday, may 8, 2024 our mother's voicethere is nothing in the world that we hear so well as the sound of the human voice. there is good reason why we must possess this innate ability. but, it is also a learned ability. part of…
read more stay updated with the ohm speaker newsletter.sign upcontact usohm acoustics corp.thomaston, ct 06787 usa toll free: 800-783-1553phone: 718-422-1111service: 718-422-1111contact us by emaila brand you can trust  follow us    menuabout ussite searchcontact ussitemap
© 2001-2025 ohm speakers all rights reserved
| site map
| privacytop 