



shook the spot




		<$blogrsdurl$>
		
		















around the fwavlosphere . . .


altruism gone wild!!!
umm hot immigrant bitches
mommavoz sees all . . .
overheard at harvard









shook the spot

november 13, 2006

liveblogging studio 609:58 pm me: yo9:59 pm swvl: yooooooo  ready for studio shit? me: yep10:05 pm wow that intro was pretty shitty10:25 pm swvl: yo we just turned on studio shit  so shitty10:26 pm me: i can't believe they're debating gay marriage!! swvl: yep yep sarah: "all right, aaron sorkin thinks gay marriage is good. good."  he just said "studio 60" twice10:27 pm sometimes i listen to this dialogue and it's just like "sorkin sorkin sorkin sorkin sorkin _sorkin_" me: yo that paintball shoulda taken the chairman's motherfucking head off!! swvl: hahah me: now that woulda been good tv10:28 pm swvl: yeah man  or just ritually sacrifice sorkin on the air me: "oh fuck! the chairman is dead!" swvl: hahaha10:29 pm yo you know what blows  is rudy fucking mussolini forming an exploratory committee me: this show  haha yep swvl: hahaha10:32 pm  what is this horrendously racist "asia" voice  is this part of a sketch me: what the fuck is this shkit?? swvl: what the fuck is this me: what???? swvl: did that just actually air on nbc10:33 pm ?!?!?!?!  "i'm homophobic in a way that makes sense"!??! me: what the fuck is going on??10:34 pm swvl: who is this fat guy  what is this me: what did mark twain say??10:35 pm swvl: dude, how far ed asner has fallen  peet looks confused10:36 pm me: princeton??? swvl: dude what is going on me: "make it stop!" swvl: hahaha10:37 pm corddry's brother is still in the jesus costume!  hughley just said that the weed was his again ! me: are they gonna debate weeeed? swvl: yes  "friggin' robe"  "i am a lawyer" me: i am a lawyer   hahahahahahahahahah  hahahahaahahahahahah swvl: how did this show get picked up for a full season me: ahahahahahahahaha10:38 pm ahahahahahahahahahahah  holy fuck swvl: who is watching this bullshit me: the chairman is under arrest swvl: did he just call someone matlock?!?!?!  ahahahahahahahhaha   in afghanistan me: afghanistan swvl: hahahahahahahhhhaha  "is it dangerous"  taliban!10:39 pm it's his third tour! me: stopp loss  yo don't forget:  the charirman is under arrest swvl: hahahahah me: oh my god swvl: yo that weed is d.l. hughleys btw me: he feels like it10:40 pm swvl: ooh he paused  funnyman! me: hee-haw10:41 pm swvl: yo hughley just gave corddry a hug me: [fade] swvl: jesus christ man   i feel sorta bad making fun of this  sorkin is embarassing himself10:45 pm ooh they're on a plane me: hah he namedropped global warming swvl: what was that chicken caesar salad line  was he hitting on her   what me: salad10:46 pm swvl: whoa  loud voices me: hahah swvl: hahahahahahahaha  cry!   cry!  zabar's!  what!me: they're back 10:49 pm  swvl: omg omg  what are they talking about  "let's take out her self-esteem" me: what??? swvl: no it's not good at all  he's making that girl cry! me: is she crying??  ahahahahahaha10:50 pm  ahahahahahahah  hahahahahahaha swvl: ooh black guy give eyebrows me: holy shit swvl: whaaaaaat me: hahahahah swvl: who is that? me: she cried! swvl: she hit him!10:51 pm me: hahahahah  my company doesn't have honor?? swvl: hahahah  verbally and physically abused me: holy fuck  i can't believe this is happening10:52 pm swvl: josh lyman looks really mystified me: a fraction  they must know how shitty this is swvl: there are many   they must  oh fuck they just bitchslapped time warner  eat that, dick parsons!  live chinese jokes on the air10:53 pm  oooh me: oh my god swvl: is he gonna kiss the chinese guy  there was some serious eye-lock there10:54 pm me: it's his chair swvl: hahahaha  oh shit that girl iscrying again  oh fuck  what10:55 pm  loosened the ketchup bottle?!?!?!??!!  whoa whoa me: stoooooooop swvl: martin luther king!?!?!?!?!?!?  !!!!!!!!!!!10:56 pm !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  me: what's the difference?? swvl: 400 years   gay street toughs  ?10:57 pm sensitive string music   just crazy me: i just laughed out loud at that onhe swvl: yep us too  oh fuck  end of episode me: i am flabbergasted10:58 pm swvl: dude what was that  what just happened me: this ad kinda sucks, too
 #  hustle hard on the block (2) 11:18 pm


november 08, 2006

i told congresswoman pelosi that i looked forward to working with her and her colleagues to find common ground in the next two years. as the majority party in the house of representatives, they recognize that in their new role they now have greater responsibilities. and in my first act of bipartisan outreach since the election, i shared with her the names of some republican interior decorators who can help her pick out the new drapes in her new offices. —president bush at his press conference todaymaybe he could find pelosi a republican hairdresser as well? turns out, however, that gay-baiting stereotypes aside, there are actually a few — surely just a few — interior decortors out there who hail from the right wing . . .gay hart gaines — yeah, that's her motherfucking name, and she's vice chair of the corporation for public broadcasting; a trustee of the palm beach county republican party; president of the palm beach republican club; and a member of the heritage foundation. ms. gaines is also, surprisingly enough, "an interior decorator by training," according to the washington post, which knows these things.cindy watson — she's a former republican state representative from north carolina who won a profile in courage award in 2004 for having, in the words of ted kennedy, "the political courage to stand up to the powerful hog farming industry." when she sought reelection, ms. watson was defeated by, of course, a hog farmer. in a republican primary, that's probably a better credential than interior decorator.gail norton — before stepping down this march, she was the president's secretary of the interior, which has nothing to do with drapes. but when ms. norton met jessica simpson, the popstar famously said, "you've done a nice job decorating the white house." so, uh, close enough.
 #  hustle hard on the block (1) 7:59 pm


october 09, 2006

the lead of sentence of the new york times article on $20 opera tickets, if the second letter of the first word is read as 'e' — or, how i initially read it . . .jews no longer drop at the thought of paying $375 for a prime seat at the metropolitan opera.
 #  hustle hard on the block (0) 12:17 am


october 06, 2006

yo, it's . . . made this connection first, but as its not overheard, per se, he's not likely to be blogging it. and what is anything if it's not blogged these days?a fire at a chemical storage plant in apex, n.c., a suburb of raleigh, produced a plume of toxic fumes that forced the evacuation of some 17,000 people from their homes in the middle of the night. (the times)it's the incarnation of don delillo's airborne toxic event in white noise.it appeared in the sky ahead of us and to the left, prompting us to lower ourselves in our seats, bend our heads for a clearer view, exclaim to each other in half finished phrases. it was the clear black billowing cloud, the airborne toxic event, lighted by the clear beams of seven army helicopters. they were tracking its windborned movement, keeping it in view. in every car, heads shifted, drivers blew their horns to alert others, faces appeared in side windows, expressions set in tones of outlandish wonderment. (white noise)and it's going down in apex, north carolina, which is totally a delillo name.the plant was known to contain pesticides and chemicals incorporating chlorine, a toxic substance that was used in early poison-gas weapons in world war i. thirteen police officers and one firefighter were taken to a hospital and treated for respiratory distress after they inhaled fumes from the fire; all were later released. some of the policeman also suffered chemical burns to their faces, the mayor said. (the times)i guess it's sucks living in a suburb of raleigh, north carolina. "the radio calls it a feathery plume," he said. "but it's not a plume."    "what is it?"    "like a shapeless growing thing. a dark black breathing thing of smoke. why do they call it a plume?"    "air time is valuable. they can't go into long tortured descriptions. have they said what kind of chemical it is?"    "it's called nyodene derivative or nyodene d. it was in a movie we saw in school on toxic wastes. these videotaped rats."    "what does it cause?"    "the movie wasn't sure what it does to humans. mainly it was rats growing urgent lumps."    "that's what the movie said. what does the radio say?"    "at first they say skin irritation and sweaty palms. but now they say nausea, vomiting, shortness of breath."    "this is human nausea we're talking about. not rats."    "not rats," he said. (white noise)it's my favorite book, by the way.nevertheless, town and state officials said the rain that started falling early today and continued through the morning had done much to scrub the air of the pollutants emitted by the fire. a state agency that sampled the air near the plant said that nothing “alarming” had been found. (the times)word.    "that was the stovers," she said. "they spoke directly with the weather center outside glassboro. they're not calling a feathery plume anymore."    "what are they calling it?"    "a black billowing cloud."    "that's a little more accurate, which means they're coming to grips with the thing. good." (white noise)see some of you soon!“you can’t put foam or water on it,” mayor weatherly said of the fire. “that just exacerbates it.” (the times)tsobfbw . . .   "it doesn't cause nausea, vomiting, shortness of breath, like they said before."    "what does it cause?"    "heart palpitations and a sense of deja vu."    "deja vu?"    "it affects the false part of the human memory or whatever. that's not all. they're not calling it the black billowing cloud anymore."    "what are they calling it?"    he looked at me carefully.    "the airborne toxic event." (white noise)
 #  hustle hard on the block (0) 8:06 pm


october 02, 2006

well, is he?mr. snow: but the fundamental question about whether the president is “in denial” — flat wrong, absolutely wrong.q:    when will the president come out and actually say that?mr. snow: why does the president — he’s not going to come out and say, oh, by the way, i’m not in denial. how stupid is that, to have a president coming out and say, i’m sorry, i’m not beating my wife anymore? 
 #  hustle hard on the block (0) 7:32 pm


september 29, 2006

times writers clearly discussing csi around the watercooler"at the center here, public health and law enforcement officials are learning to speak the same language and using the same forensic techniques as those popularized on the three c.s.i. television series to diagnose elder abuse and neglect." —the times, september 27, 2006"in a case right out of csi: corporate america, a team of private investigators spent months obsessively hunting the source of a news leak from inside hewlett-packard about the company’s corporate strategy." —the times, september 29, 2006
 #  hustle hard on the block (0) 12:32 am


september 28, 2006

wait, what the fuck is going on here?
 #  hustle hard on the block (0) 7:24 pm



tonight's about getting back into grey's anatomy and seeing whether six degrees is as good as its promising premiere. but to harp on studio 60 a little bit more, i think it might be helpful to relive this clip, from the second season finale of the west wing, in which president bartlet decides to seek another term after disclosing he has m.s. (the frequent comparisons between the two shows are justified because they share even more than their creator: hourlong dramas cast in the same shadows and romantic temperament, featuring the same cast members and even the same title cards. studio 60 is the west wing goes to hollywood.) anyway, do you like this scene? to me — and i'm sure yo, it's . . . would agree — the clip represents one of the great moments in television of the past decade . . .in the same vein, there's the scene preceding that one, with bartlet cursing the almighty in, of all things, latin and lighting up a cigarette in the national cathedral. (look, it's not every day you hear god called a "feckless thug" on tv.) or there's this classic scene from the campaign trail and the memorable exchange . . .josh: "we changed time zones? we changed time zones? we changed time zones?"kid: "it's a common mistake."josh: "not for the u.s. government!"i'm reminded of the line from this week's studio 60, in which matthew perry gives harriet some coaching . . .harriet: "what did i do wrong?"matt: "you asked for the joke."harriet: "what did i do at the table read?"matt: "you asked for the butter."anyone who winced at that is being unfair. there's little on network television that comes close.
 #  hustle hard on the block (0) 5:59 pm


stay on the scene

february 2006march 2006april 2006may 2006june 2006july 2006august 2006september 2006october 2006november 2006



hustlers

 sarahmarian // 
              
              november 14, 2006 9:44 pm
 anonymous // 
              
              august 31, 2007 10:25 pm
 teevoz // 
              
              november 09, 2006 12:45 am













blog templates

