



  










body in balance – neuromuscular therapy in marin county






















































body in balance home
contact

make an appointment
cancellation policy
map and directions
pre-pay appointment


about

your neuromuscular therapist
the neuromuscular therapy

neuromuscular retraining
soft tissue release


the body in balance clinic

map and directions




articles

tennis elbow articles
tendonitis articles
back + neck pain & injury articles
sciatica pain articles


treatment for

rotator cuff injuries
tennis elbow
golfer’s elbow
tendonitis


success stories!

video success stories
tennis elbow
rotator cuff injuries
back & neck pain
sports injuries
car accidents / whiplash


 


 



body in balance neuromuscular therapy in marin county


 



ready to take your first step toward permanent pain relief?
just click here or the ‘request appointment’ button to get started:
request appointment »




a completely hands-on, individualized alternative to conventional physical therapy in the marin and sonoma county area – specializing in tennis elbow, golfer’s elbow, “tendonitis” and most shoulder and rotator cuff injuries.

treatment for tennis elbow

tennis elbow (and golfer’s elbow) treatment that breaks your vicious cycle of pain through hands-on neuromuscular therapy here at body in balance in corte madera – and self-help video lessons you can follow along with at my ‘tennis elbow classroom’ anytime.

rotator cuff injury treatment

rotator cuff and shoulder injuries can be extremely challenging to recover from. the healing process often gets stuck, and rehab all too often feels like a painful, grueling battle against some invisible barrier – neuromuscular therapy can help you regain your pain-free mobility without the struggle.

tendonitis injury treatment

helping you escape your terrible tendonitis trap with powerful neuromuscular therapies that get to the root of the problem. (are you ready to stop “chasing inflammation,” put down the pills and ice and start working on your muscles and tendons where the problem lies?)
most recent articles
when do you need an mri for golfer’s or tennis elbow?should you get an mri scan if you’ve been in pain due to tennis elbow or golfer’s elbow for several months? – do you need it for diagnosis? and once you’ve had an mri what do the results actually mean? (and what about possible alternatives?)
what is de quervain’s tenosynovitis? aka mommy thumb or texter’s thumbthumb pain: mothers and fathers get it from picking up babies… smartphone users, gamers, percussionists, golfers and anglers get it, too! – but it’s not a simple case of tendonitis. it’s a more complicated tendon syndrome known as ‘de quervain’s tenosynovitis’ – here’s what that is and how it develops
treating and beating angler’s or fisherman’s elbowhow does casting and reeling sometimes end up causing so much pain? here’s how to better understand and treat frustrating, painful fishing-related elbow overuse injuries, aka, ‘angler’s elbow’ – and avoid the common mistakes that can impede your recovery.
how to sleep with tennis or golfer’s elbow painwhat’s the best position to sleep in when you have a tennis or golfer’s elbow injury? should you try to keep your elbow either bent or straight? – is it a good idea to wear a brace on your wrist or elbow at night – or is it better not to?

here’s the full list of articles
about the therapies, clinic, success stories (with video) + my bio & more
on the ‘therapies’ page you’ll find a side-by-side overview of the two main therapy techniques i use to help you recover from pain and injury faster. on the ‘success stories’ page you’ll find numerous thoughtful and detailed testimonials, including a couple of newer videos. my ‘blog’ has articles, old and new, including those that have migrated over from the old site.


the therapist


i’m allen willette your neuromuscular therapist.



 

the therapies


an overview of the neuromuscular therapies i use.



 

the clinic


a few photos of the body in balance clinic – inside & out.



 

successes


success stories from my wonderful patients (2 videos.)



 

articles/blog


contrarian, yet sensible pain & injury articles












allen willette, nmt hello, i’m allen willette. i’m a neuromuscular therapist in corte madera, ca (marin county)
and i would like very much to help you get lasting relief from the pain or injury that’s sapping your quality of life. here’s more info about me – my bio, “creds,” etc:
allen willette, marin neuromuscular therapist



pain & injury helptennis elbow treatment
golfer’s elbow treatment
rotator cuff injury treatment
tendonitis injury treatment
success stories (incl. videos)
pain and injury articles

clinic & therapiesoverview: therapy, clinic…
about the therapist
about the therapy
neuromuscular retraining
soft tissue release
is it deep tissue massage?
body in balance clinic

 book an appointment
contact form (questions)
map + directions






home
contact
about
tennis elbow
golfer’s elbow
rotator cuff
 © 2020 body in balance - all rights reserved

















