










the mind project homepage
































the
mindproject























home


curriculum


by category
by author
by title




research


intro to our robots
knight rover
protothinker
archive




teachers


materials
support




community


grants
illinois state
profiles


contact
☰

 

welcome to the mind project

the mind project is a community of researchers, teachers, and students who have worked over the past 25 years to create interactive, hands-on teaching materials to introduce people of all 
						ages to the exciting disciplines that contribute to the scientific study of the mind and brain. these disciplines, the cognitive sciences, include neurobiology, artificial intelligence & 
						robotics, cognitive psychology, philosophy, linguistics and other related disciplines.
						

						our mission was to recruit world-class researchers and gifted teachers in all these disciplines to design and implement virtual experiences that give the user first-hand experience employing cutting 
						edge research methodologies. in our most immersive experiences, you become a researcher or a medical professional performing an experiment or a surgical procedure. you don't just read about 
						what science is teaching us, you practice the research methods that have actually produced knowledge in these areas.
						

















































important notice

flash is gone! 

                                browsers no longer support it. all flash content has been
                                replaced with videos that preserve all of the content of the originals. 
in the future 

                                new flash emulators are in development. we hope
                                to bring back the original virtual labs. questons? contact us
							


spotlight: parkinson's disease
							 - debate about its nature & cause 


new module  join the debate among parkinson's researchers: what biological mechanism accounts for the surprising
							   fact that parkinson's patients can lose 80% of their dopamine neurons b/4 exhibiting obvious physical deficits?  
						


list of all mind project curriculum modules


 		
we have over 30 interactive curriculum modules in a wide range of disciplinary areas
 in the cognitive sciences -- from cognitive psychology to neuroscience, from ai & robotics to anthropology and philosophy of mind.

						
						





 






				content copyright © 2019 the mind project. all rights reserved.
				
support the mind project with online giving!


















