

































































netbilling | complete merchant solutions













skip to main content










  (888) 357-8166 / (661) 252-2456 
  customer support  
  gateway login  


 







 
 
 
 



 















search form

search 









 

 











home
transaction processingoverview (start here)
online e-commerce processing
mobile transaction processing
point-of-sale processingzero-fee transaction processing

merchant accounts
payment gateway

call center services
resourcesadmin area overview
processing overview
shopping cart compatibility
become a netbilling agent
our partners

aboutwhy netbilling?
management team
employment opportunities
news, press, & blogs
contact us

get started


 
















      partner for success  

      make more money with a true customer service and merchant solutions
partnership that will match or beat any merchant account or payment gateway rate.  

 



 

 

take charge. anywhere. 

with phoneswipe from netbilling,
you can take your business on the road.
never miss an opportunity
to make a sale. 

learn more 



 

 

 

 

      your success starts with smarter tools & a stronger partner  

      global merchant
account
acquisitions  

      payment gateway:
transaction
processing  

      retail processing
& phone swipe 

      complete
call center
services  

      let our intelligent marketplace solutions drive your
merchant operations & customer service
efforts while you focus on building your business
and creating new opportunities.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

      the netbilling payment gateway provides ecommerce merchants
complete control and flexibility, with profit-making features not 
found anywhere else on the planet.  

      nothing else compares  

learn more about our payment gateway 






 













 



payment processing & customer service solutions at the lowest rates.
since 1998, netbilling has provided world-class solutions to businesses of all types. let us show you how we can help make your business more profitable, as we have for thousands of worldwide merchants.
 


get started now!




 
















complete solutions
our customizable merchant tools cover every aspect of your transaction processing and client management needs.
read more


 

 








easy setup
getting started with netbilling’s suite of services is a fast and painless process. our knowledgeable team will be your guide from start to finish.
read more


 

 







24/7/365 client support
the dedicated support staff at netbilling is always available for phone, chat, and email support to both merchants and consumers. we’ve got this.
contact us

 

 












let's grow your business with trusted tools & resources


 


  transaction processing


transaction processing
netbilling has partnered with dozens of banks worldwide to provide an array of merchant account and transaction processing options for any business types, at the most competitive rates anywhere.
 
learn more



 


  payment gateway


payment gateway
the most flexible and powerful pci certified payment gateway software in the world and is compatible with hundreds of shopping carts, and provides world-class risk management and reporting tools.
 
learn more 



  


  phone swipe


phone swipe
don't miss a sale when taking your business on the road! process transactions with our free hardware & app where you can collect customer data to email receipts and market your business.
 
learn more 



  


  call center services


call center services
our full-service, in-house call center handles everything: charge inquiries, member access assistance, order placement, and inbound/outbound telemarketing campaign deployment.
 
learn more






 












why choose netbilling?

start achieving real success by making our intelligent, customizable marketplace tools part of your business strategy. while most other companies only offer you limited reporting and functionality, netbilling provides extensive reports, data and flexibility so you can control every aspect of your payments processing, at the lowest rates in the industry. 
see how netbilling stacks up to the competition.

 








lower your costs
 start accepting credit cards today and enjoy some of the lowest rates in the credit card processing industry. 



gain complete control
 get in the driver’s seat with fully customizable fraud scrubbing, real time comprehensive reporting, and much more.


 

 







 








get a customer service partner
 we offer 24/7 support for our merchants and their customers via live chat, email, and our call center services. 



add money-making features
 leverage ach check processing, free shopping carts, and affiliate program integration to maximize revenue.


 

 













no front page content has been created yet.














our satisfied customers





 “we trust netbilling for our 24/7 inbound customer support for several reasons: fair, flexible pricing; their experience; and their ability to quickly adapt to changes in our programs and policies. without netbilling, it would be nearly impossible for us to offer the level of support to which our customers have become accustomed. we save money and our customers receive amazing support – truly a win-win situation!”
 
 mark b., ceo of 27 forms, llc   

 "we switched to netbilling in 2007 to utilize their processing and call center services for our online properties. it was one of the best decisions we have made to save money and help our business grow. the features and flexibility that netbilling provides is far ahead of the competition, their staff is second to none, and they are always available if we need them!"
 
 jeff y., president of domamis, inc.   

 "moving from a completely managed third party biller can seem a bit scary, but netbilling made the process so easy that, when weighed with the monetary benefits and control, making the switch was a no-brainer for us. from helping us  obtain our merchant account, and all through the setup and implementation process, netbilling was 100% the right choice."
 
 john b., president of oc cash   

 "netbilling has always provided us with fast, professional and courteous transaction processing call center services. their very knowledgeable team has helped our business grow and become more profitable."
 
 allan h., ceo of deniro marketing   

 "netbilling was the best thing i did for my business in 16 years. they helped my business explode to new levels. we wouldn’t be at all near as successful today without netbilling."
 
 mark erickson, president of blu media, llc.   

 "congratulations on your 16 year anniversary. we've been with netbilling now for 14 of them and appreciate you providing such excellent service throughout the entire time. your company sets the bar high for others to try to follow. so here’s to 16 more! keep up the great work."
 
 kelly m., co-founder of 413 productions   

 "netbilling has been our payment gateway company of choice for many years. coupled with their call center options, they are the industry’s preeminent turnkey merchant services solution."
 
 todd g., ceo of cm productions, llc   

 "netbilling has been our processing partner since we started selling online back in 2001 with just one domain. today we have more than 50 e-commerce sites, processing thousands of transactions daily. not only that, but as we now have several retail locations as well, netbilling has setup our stores with point of sale systems, phone swipes for mobile processing, and of course merchant accounts to process all of our transactions with. we are blessed to have such a great company handling our transaction processing needs."
 
 adam k., president of fallnet solutions, inc.   

 "netbilling's excellent back end tools have helped keep our charge backs to a minimum.  their customer service as well as the staff at netbilling are extremely knowledgeable, courteous and a pleasure to work with.  transaction speeds, reliability and great rates have helped our company grow over the past 14 years.  we look forward to continued success moving ahead thanks to netbilling!"
 
 richard a., president of broadcasting concepts, inc.   

 "phoenix group's various online entities has exclusively used netbilling for well over a decade now and i must say, it is the finest company for credit card processing services! they provide awesome stats, excellent tech support, and we also use netbilling as our customer service call center with great success.  i highly endorse netbilling for payment gateway and call center services.  they are simply the best with regards to reliability, security and responsiveness."
 
 colin r., founder of the phoenix group   

 "netbilling has been our secret weapon with the various direct response campaigns we have run. their level of support is one of the best in the industry. and what really stands out is their personal commitment and dedication in supporting all our campaigns. we have extremely happy customers who always come back to buy more, and one of the biggest reasons for that is netbilling!"
 
 ron r., president at skinceutica, llc   

 "netbilling has been a partner of ours since we entered the payments world. the product is intuitive, simple, and provides an awesome, constantly growing set of features which continuously improves their merchants' experience and productivity."
 
 matt k., vp of operations at mindgeek canada   
 


 

















   

   

   

   

   

   

   
 


 












netbilling's success stats

we strive to help our merchant obtain maximum profitability. here are a few figures as proof.

 





 



increased revenue with ach
      netbilling clients increase their revenue an average of 15% just by adding online check processing processing as a payment option.  


 





 



chargeback & fraud prevention
      prevent 99% of customer chargebacks and transaction fraud by utilizing our fraud defense tools and in-house call center services.  


 





 
 



keep your customers longer
      use netbilling's robust customer retention tools to upsell and cross-sell current and previous buyers.  


 





 
 



increased client revenue
      netbilling clients boast an average 20% increase in revenue over other payment processors with our flexible tools and products.  


 












recent news & industry updates












06
jul




free-processing.jpeg

 






 accept credit cards free!
 
reward cash & debit customers while eliminating transaction processing costs

    
      by mitch farber







15
feb




mastercard-and-visa-.png

 






 new mastercard rules that will effect your business & how netbilling can help
recent and upcoming rules from mastercard

    
      by mitch farber







17
sep




5-time-management-tips.jpg

 






 5 time management tips that really work
time management. it's something we all struggle with in every industry. time is our most valuable and limited resource, it's imperative to use it wisely and utilize tools or services that increase our productivity. we've got five solid tips to help you make the most of your time.


    
      by taylor smith







10
sep




5-tips-optimize-payment-processing.jpg

 






 5 essential tips to optimize your payment processing strategy
whether your business is large or small, a sound payment processing strategy is one of the central elements to achieving profitability, longevity, and overall success.


    
      by taylor smith







07
sep




password-security-tips.jpg

 






 9 essential rules for strong passwords
the security of your bank account, netflix account and email inbox depends on how well you safeguard your many passwords.


    
      by taylor smith







04
aug





friendly-fraud.jpg

 



what-is-friendly-fraud.jpg

 













 friendly fraud on the rise – how to protect your business
fraud and chargebacks have always been a problem for online merchants and continue to go on the rise and be a major concern for merchants, payment processors, and card brands. learn about the increasing rates of “friendly” fraud and how merchants can effectively combat it with integrated tools provided by netbilling.


    
      by mitch farber







21
apr




visa1.png

 






 new visa trial subscription rules for all merchants
visa has made rule changes regarding subscription purchases of onlines services and physical products.


    
      by mitch farber







19
nov




holiday2019.png

 






 creative marketing tools to increase holiday sales
prepare your store for increased holiday traffic, as us holiday sales to cross $1 trillion for first time. this could be your biggest season ever for profits – if you follow some excellent marketing and customer service advice.


    
      by mitch farber







28
sep




visa.jpg

 






 visa updates fraud & chargeback ratios on oct 1, 2019
in case you didn't already know... visa continues to make changes to its risk monitoring programs, announcing recently plans to toughen qualifying thresholds for the visa chargeback monitoring (vcmp), and visa fraud monitoring (vfmp) programs on october 1, 2019. this certainly can affect you.


    
      by mitch farber







18
nov




netbilling_ele_0.png

 






 netbilling elevated x integration offers turnkey solution
netbilling is now fully integrated with elevated x for quick and easy plug-and-play use for clip store owners and digital content sellers who want to accept payments for “on demand” content purchasing. 


    
      by shibli murtaza



 


view all posts




 
















740000
customer calls annually




9000
new merchant accounts per year




70000
milligrams of caffeine per week




25
charities contributed to annually




970000
fraudulent charges prevented annually




10000
payments processed per hour





ready to maximize your revenue?

get started now!tell us your needs, we'll contact you.
or
find out morelearn about our money-making services.

 












get in touch


  27451 tourney road, suite #220
	     valencia, california 91355
  phone: (888) 357-8166
  phone: (661) 252-2456
  fax: (661) 414-8581



follow us

 
 
follow @netbilling 



 






since 1998, netbilling, inc. has provided multi-currency transaction processing, merchant accounts, and call center services to thousands of clients of all sizes. our cost-effective solutions allow you to process credit/debit cards, e-checks, and mobile orders. netbilling works with any business type and genre including high-risk, e-commerce, mobile, and card-present businesses.
explore our solutions:
accept online payments and in-person payments,
utilize our merchant accounts and payment gateway,
automate customer service with 24/7 call center solutions.


 




newsletter signup


email address *



first name 



last name 






 













home | privacy policy | terms | contact | ©1998-2025 netbilling, inc. all rights reserved. website solutions by brama media.

 







 
 
 
 



 













