









































the herbert tarr north shore institute for adult jewish education









































 







the herbert tarr north shore institute for adult jewish education
jewish studies & lectures
						2018/5779 fall program
						temple beth sholom, roslyn ny









main menu





home
about
brochures
participating congregations
contact











donate
donations in memory or in honor of your loved one can made to the herbert tarr north shore institute for adult jewish education and mailed to:
26 louis drive
melville,  ny 11747


fall program
new format and fall program for herbert tarr institute for jewish adult education
sponsorship for jewish minded educational programs along with member organizations. judaic classes will no longer be offered.
fall 2018/5779
mitch albom at temple beth sholom, roslyn ny
thursday, november 8, 2018


















about herbert tarr
twenty-four years ago, the north shore institute for adult jewish education was renamed to memorialize rabbi herbert tarr, the bestselling author and humorist whose warmth, wit and wisdom were exemplified in his critically acclaimed novels (conversion of chaplain cohen, heaven help us!, so help me god, a woman of spirit, etc.) reached both jew and non-jew, enhancing their appreciation and understanding of judaism.
rabbi tarr was the quintessential jew and truly believed that all jews should respect and be responsible for one another - be they conservative, orthodox, reconstructionist or reform. the institute, now comprising 18 synagogues and the sid jacobson jewish community center, abides by this philosophy. we are honored to fulfill rabbi herbert tarr's legacy.
 

in loving memory of florence meyer
the establishment of the herbert tarr north shore institute for jewish education, in memory of her brother, rabbi tarr, might be considered florence's greatest accomplishment by members of the jewish community. florence, however, considered her family of four children, their spouses and ten grandchildren her greatest achievement - devoting much time and love in bequeathing her family a wealth of jewish tradition, education and love of judaism.
read more...
 








join our mailing list




your name*email*



 








δ
 

contact us
info@herberttarr.org
follow us

    


get in touch with us

your name*email*

message*

 








δ
 








copyright © 2025 the herbert tarr north shore institute for adult jewish education. all rights reserved.


website built by addicott web.











