








ex-cel investigation
















































skip to content










homecontactwho killed catherineservice of processcompany historyhiring a private investigatorprivacy and confidentialityservices

locates accident investigation surveillance background check
brochure





menu
close





home
contact
who killed catherine
service of process
company history
hiring a private investigator
privacy and confidentiality
services

locates
accident investigation
surveillance
background check


brochure





 



















ex-cel investigations®
p o box 22124
st. petersburg, florida 33742
727-527-5440
ex-cel investigations® is a general investigative agency. since 1974, we have been serving not only the private sector but also attorneys, corporations, and the insurance industry. we are located in st. petersburg, florida pinellas county. we are very proud of our 96% success rate in locating individuals, missing persons, heirs, witnesses and debtors.
we also provide personal injury investigations, video surveillance, domestic surveillance, background investigations, employee screening, corporate investigations, product liability, as well as due diligence relating to acquisitions and service of process throughout the united states.
through our wide variety of databases, we can access civil and criminal records, vehicle registration/owners, driver’s license transcript history, and bankruptcy records. in addition, we personally offer service of process in pinellas and pasco county where we are appointed by their respective sheriff. in hillsborough we are appointed by the chief judge.
law firms have learned by using ex-cel investigations® and our network of trained qualified process servers throughout the united states they can save time, money, and frustration. using the one stop shopping approach after 45 years in the business we know time is money.

































				all content copyright 1974-2023 ex-cel investigations® service with integrity since 1974
florida license a 0001037			































