





rooster booster poultry lighting









rooster booster 12-volt

      free range friendly poultry lighting



home
battery life
daylight hours
setting up
about
links
contact




main content

about the rooster booster 
day length is important to a hens egg production. as winter approaches and the days start to shorten, egg production will reduce or even stop! to overcome this artificial light can be used!
powered by 12-volts, the rooster booster can be used in hen houses where mains electricity is not available. connected to a battery (not provided), the rooster booster will provide light throughout the winter months, making it viable to keep hens in more remote areas.
monitoring the 24-hour pattern of natural light and dark, the rooster booster timer adjusts it self so that it only comes on when it is dark in a 15-hour period, thus maximising time between battery charges and ensuring that the hens enjoy the benefits of natural daylight.  at the end of the day, after a short dimming time, a night period of 9-hours begins; no artificial light is provided during this time allowing the hens to roost. 
alternatively a natural dusk option can be selected to provide light only in the morning allowing the hens a natural dusk.

 



  
rooster booster hobby
new! for those who only have a few hens, the rooster booster hobby is a low cost option that is easy to set-up and use in hen houses up to 2.5m x 1.5m (8ft x 4ft). with built in light sensor just drill one 16mm hole and feed the led lamp through then connect your battery. more info



  
rooster booster stled 
with two brightness settings the rooster booster st led  provides enough light for houses up to 2.5m x 2.5m (8ft x 8ft). lighting small to medium size chicken houses is simple with the  rooster booster stled. two 
selectable light levels to get the right lighting levels. more info



  
rooster booster multi
 
the rooster booster multi controller is for large poultry houses or a number of small houses where multiple lamps are require. supplied with one lamp, either fluorescent or led additional lamps can easily be added and run from the one controller. more info


  
spares & accessories
supporting the rooster booster is very important help you to keep it running over many years or to extend your existing system. in order to do this we have a range of spares and accessories available like
bulbs, fluorescent tubes, extension lamps, or
light sensor assembly. more info



©2016 - selmech supplies ltd
telephone 01722 413440




