










home | sun prairie chamber of commerce




























































 
 

























skip to content














 
sun prairie gift card2025 sun prairie community guidemember loginjoin today!



























































menu 
business directoryyour chamber about us board of directors ambassador program ambassador team contact usmembership join today! member login membership benefits sponsorships & advertising networkingevents events calendar coffee chat sunrise sun prairie sunset sun prairie annual bowling tournament chamber golf classic sweet corn festival greater sun prairie job fairprograms shop sun prairie ecard rise sun prairie young professionals chamber connect madison college leadership series leadership sun prairiebusiness business resources economic development commercial spacecommunity 2025 sun prairie community guide housing daycares & preschools meeting space information chamber of commerce scholarship news releases specialsjobs








 
















become a memberas a member, you will gain access to exclusive benefits, premium advertising and networking opportunities, and enhanced visibility for both yourself and your organization.


chamber member benefits


 




















welcome to the sun prairie chamber of commerce






the sun prairie chamber of commerce is a dynamic and influential organization dedicated to promoting and supporting the local business community. we provide a platform for businesses to thrive, connect, and collaborate, while also offering valuable resources and events to drive economic growth and community development.

















					events				








					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					specials				






















mark your calendar










view all events



































features & events













 
sunrise sun prairie 
sunrise sun prairie is our monthly networking event that is fun, and fast-paced and will keep you informed about the community and will give you plenty of opportunity to interact with other business professionals. click here to register.
 














 
coffee chat 
please join us at the weekly coffee chat for a casual get-together of networking with other businesses. the chamber team is here to support, encourage, and help our members and our community to stay strong! non-members are welcome to come and network with other business owners/professionals. click here to view upcoming coffee chats.
 














 
chamber connect 
a new and easy way to meet other sun prairie chamber of commerce members! chamber connect uses email to occasionally connect you to other members of the chamber who want to meet.
learn more
 














 
rise sun prairie young professionals 
rise aims to recruit, engage, develop and retain young talent in the sun prairie community and surrounding areas.
learn more
 






















new members
 









sun prairie chamber of commerce










what our members are saying







 




the sun prairie chamber website has been an excellent resource for my business. not only am i able to better understand the local, community-minded sun prairie businesses and utilize them for services, but i was able to find several excellent candidates with a recent job posting. ultimately, i hired a great local employee because of that job posting!

josh erickson
american family - josh erickson agency








i'm a member here and was blown away by all the opportunities to make connections with fellow business people.

dannelle gay
the traveling cheesehead



 




















 












© 2025 sun prairie chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












connecting, promoting & educating our members
























get in touch!













109 e main st, sun prairie, wi 53590 














info@sunprairiechamber.com 














608-837-4547 































additional resources






member login
join now
chamber policies


























sun prairie chamber of commerce
proud member of:




















































































































 © 

 sun prairie chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 


















