




















butlers in the buff official uk - over 2500 5* reviews













































01273 590820
get an instant quote








home
buff butlers
hen party life drawing
hen do cocktail masterclass
using your buff butlers
hen party packages
gallery






about
inspiration
join our team
contact us
faqs
testimonials
locations



instant quote



                                nationwide
01273 590820







 








closemenu

 









your butlers will...



 
host your event



 
serve food & drink



 
play party games



 
mix cocktails



 
pose for photos













butlers in the buff® - the original 'male' order company!

welcome to the world’s first and favourite butlers in the buff®! we proudly stand as the original and premier buff butler company, offering a team of stunning men for hire. our buff butlers excel in catering to a variety of events, including hen parties, girls’ nights out, weddings, birthdays, celebrity/vip gatherings, baby showers, and lgbtq events throughout the united kingdom and australia.
as the world’s first and most beloved buff butler company, we are committed to delivering a world-class service, consistently earning a reputation for providing 5-star excellence time and time again. our services are available nationwide to meet your every need.
we have full public and commercial insurance so you can book with peace of mind.

get a quote now



 






trustpilot

 






butlers in the buff is a finalist in the 2024 wedding industry awards!

 











 

butlers in the buff







 

hen party cocktail class







 

life drawing classes







 

hen party packages







 

hen party games







 

lgbtq events















about us

we are the original and still the best buff butler company. our buff butlers specialise in serving hen parties, girl’s nights, weddings, birthdays, celebrity/vip events, baby showers & gay events across the united kingdom & australia. we are the world’s first and favourite naked butler company.
the best butlers and the best reputation for delivering a 5-star service again and again.

learn more



 





 



choose from a wide variety of buff butler packages available for your birthday, hen party, hen night, hen do & other social or corporate events across the uk.
life drawing, masterclasses, afternoon tea & party buses….these are just some of the packages we offer. we cater for all tastes… check out our packages here!

book now











why book with us?

we take great pride in being the premier name in the buff butler sector, offering specialised services across the uk. boasting two decades of expertise, our acclaimed team consistently delivers top-notch services, making lasting memories for our customers. our charming butlers are dedicated to making your event unforgettable, providing premium services that are sure to impress.

book a butler in the buff today







how to book

are you currently organising a party or event? butlers in the buff is here to help! we offer a variety of services including buff butlers, life-drawing models, hen party masterclasses, and comprehensive party packages. share your event specifics such as location, date, guest count, and any other pertinent details and we’ll provide you with a competitive quote to elevate your event experience! it couldn’t be easier!

find out more and book now







inspiration







 




                why we’re the most expensive company in the business (and worth every penny)            

february 10, 2025



                        when it comes to hiring buff butlers, you get what you pay for. we’re proud to be the most expensive company in the industry because …        
read more







 




                we’re recruiting – join our team of buff butlers!            

january 27, 2025



                        looking for a job that’s a little bit different, where the fun never stops and you get to show off your toned physique? well, there’s …        
read more







 




                why our life drawing classes are the ultimate party experience!            

january 20, 2025



                        looking for a fun, creative, and memorable way to spend time with friends? whether you’re planning a hen party, a birthday bash, or any event …        
read more




get inspired





let’s get your party started
spice up your next event by booking our charming and attractive buff butlers. our dashing hunks are the ultimate addition to any occasion and are sure to get you and your guests in the party spirit. with their exceptional service and personality, our butlers will make your event unforgettable.
what kind of party are you planning?





what kind of party are you planning?





butler







life drawing model







cocktail class







male performer





 

 

 


    
            we're on instagram                            @butlersinthebuffofficial





 

 

 

 

 

 

 






 
 01273 590820
 info@butlersinthebuff.co.uk  

servicesbutlers in the buff
hen party life drawing
hen do cocktail masterclass
buff butler hen party packages
hen party games

informationhow it works
why book us?
using your buff butlers
faqs
testimonials
locations
gallery
inspiration

abouthome
contact us
join the team
terms & conditions
trademark
privacy notice



















                    ©2025 butlers in the buff. all rights reserved. vat no: 402022081                


 





 

you need to enable javascript in order to use the ai chatbot tool powered by chatbot



