    
        
        
        
     
        
        
        
      herron school of art + design:      
        
 indiana university




















skip to content
skip to main navigation
skip to search








indiana university indianapolis
indiana university indianapolis
iu indianapolis











menu


about
history
dean's corner
dean’s advisory board

facilities
studio spaces
think it make it lab
clear lab
tavel center


faculty & staff directory
jobs at herron
contact



admissions

undergraduate admissionsjoin prospective student mailing list


graduate admissions
art therapy
master of design
visual art
graduate certificate in design thinking
graduate faqs
join prospective graduate student mailing list
m.s. in music technology
ph.d. in music technology
m.s. in music therapy
ph.d. in music therapy


tuition & fees
scholarships & financial aid

plan a visitvirtual tour

ask an admissions counselor



academics
undergraduate degree programs
graduate degree programs

minors & certificates
minor in art
minor in art history
minor in book arts
minor in graphic design
minor in studio art and technology
certificate in pre-art therapy
graduate certificate in design thinking
music minor
music technology minor
architectural and interior design graphics certificate


honors program
electives for non-art majors
electives for non-music majors
global learning



student life
student services
career services
study abroad
student leaders
student organizations
herron house



galleries

exhibitionspast exhibitions


talkspast talks

visit
contact



community
basile center
campus partnerships

community learning programs
saturday school
summer programs
scholarship application
make a payment
contact community learning programs





alumni
submit news
alumni awards



news & events
stories
news
events




student work
subscribe

giving
ways to give
donor highlights
contact the development office







herron school of art + design


homeabouthistorydean's cornerdean’s advisory boardfacilitiesfaculty & staff directoryjobs at herroncontactadmissionsundergraduate admissionsgraduate admissionstuition & feesscholarships & financial aidplan a visitask an admissions counseloracademicsundergraduate degree programsgraduate degree programsminors & certificateshonors programelectives for non-art majorselectives for non-music majorsglobal learningstudent lifestudent servicescareer servicesstudy abroadstudent leadersstudent organizationsherron housegalleriesexhibitionstalksvisitcontactcommunitybasile centercampus partnershipscommunity learning programsalumnisubmit newsalumni awardsnews & eventsstoriesnewseventsstudent worksubscribegiving
launch welcome to herrondiscover our upcoming events and explore our latest gallery shows!uranchimeg (orna) tsultem receives the order of the red banner of labouraward one of mongoliangovernment's highest honorsankhbayar ganbold, a counselor at the embassy of mongolia, said that the award “…is a testament to [tsultem’s] exceptional contributions to the field of art and design, particularly her many years of commitment to promoting mongolian studies on an international level.”learn more about tsultemjackie huddle is herron's new art + design librarianhuddle excited to honor and contribute to the library's celebrated legacy“i am so fascinated by the history of herron and i want to continue to invest in the work of artists who have been a part of the school.”learn more about huddleassociate professor gürkan mihçi collaborates with school of science"cultural carrying capacity project"uses biology and art to promote biodiversity“visual design is a universal communication form because it can convey messages across language barriers, cultures and literacy levels.”read the storymayowa tomori and michael runge on working well togetherco-foundersof ampl labs"[collaboration is] a common theme in a lot of our projects—we have a concept that we know enough about to get started. but we have to build a different team each time depending on what needs to happen."read the q&alance pruitt appointed director of the basile center for art, design, and public lifeexpanding opportunities forpublic art and student engagement“we have a unique ability at the basile center to foster a deeper understanding of the career possibilities available to herron students at the same time as we expand what public art or art in general looks like in the city.”read the storynational sculpture society conference at herronsculpture studentslearn the art of pouring ironfaculty members in herron’s sculpture department jumped at the chance to collaborate with the national sculpture society and the indianapolis art center to provide students with a unique experiential learning opportunity.read the storystudent health and wellness initiativemeet ella teipen,student wellness ambassador"sometimes it's helpful to have someone to talk to who is not in your friend group... i'm just here to listen and provide resources."read the story'cultivate positive relationships': advice on life, work, and artfrom music technology professor scott deal"there's an interconnectivity in humanity and nobody does anything alone, nobody. you can't survive alone and you certainly can't have a career alone."read the interviewjulian jamaal jones on the value of art schoolinspiring advicefor new artists"i would encourage any young artist intimidated by their medium to look at other successful artists working in that medium and imagine yourself doing it."read the q&a'no one will make your work for you'a closer look at jager palad's work"it's really about making a bunch of marks first and then trying to fix whatever problem happens...i'm just taking advantage of my mind’s natural ability to want to fix those problems."read the q&a'try anything': advice for recent gradsour 2024 distinguishedalumni award winnerjordan ryan (b.a. ’10), an administrator of public records for the city of indianapolis, represents the future of historic preservation in indianapolis.read the q&aherron students design eclipse posterscollaboration withvisit indythe commemorative solar eclipse posters for the lunacy! festival at white river state park feature interpretations of iconic indianapolis landmarks.learn morebrenna mccarty installation at indin commemoration ofthe international centermccarty's is the first permanent sculpture installation since the new ind terminal opened in 2008.meet mccartybecome a friend of herrontogether we can helpour students succeedpeople who care about and value the arts play an important role in herron's story. become a friend of herron today by making a gift that helps continue herron's important educational and artistic mission.give todaysoftware program created by herron professors featured in an operalive performers to takethe stage with ai“lexia: an ai opera” premieres january 11, 2025 at the phoenix theatre. professor of music technology scott deal teamed up with assistant professor jason palamara in 2018 to create avatar, an ai machine-learning model that improvises music alongside a live musician.read the story




join indiana’s premier school of art and design

plan a visit
learn how to apply







degree programs


art education (b.a.e.)
art history (b.a.)
art therapy (m.a.)
ceramics (b.f.a.)
communication design (m.des.)

drawing & illustration (b.f.a.)


furniture design (b.f.a.)



integrative studio practice (b.f.a.)
music technology (b.s.)
music technology (m.s.)

music technology (ph.d.)

music therapy (b.s.)
music therapy (m.s.)
music therapy (ph.d.)




painting (b.f.a.)


photography (b.f.a.)

printmaking (b.f.a.)
sculpture (b.f.a.)
visual art (m.f.a.)
visual communication design (b.f.a.)












eskenazi hall, 735 w. new york street, indianapolis, in 46202

facebook
instagram
linkedin











accessibility | college scorecard | privacy notice

 | 
copyright © 2025 the trustees of 
indiana university












