








	premier community credit union | self-help federal credit union































skip to content
skip to sitemap















english
español












support
helpaccount securitycontact usfaqsrouting # 322273696aba/wire transfer # 322273696locations
californiaillinoiswashingtonwisconsin




rates
blog
invest
join
877-369-2828








login



member login





forgot username
forgot password









search self-help's website

search
















personalaccountschecking accountssavings & money market accountsterm certificatesindividual retirement accounts (ira)community recovery initiative loansauto loanshome loanshome equity line-of-creditpersonal loanscredit cardscreditbuilder loansgreen loansimmigration loansdisaster relief loansdreamer medical school loansother loansservicesfinancial coaching resourceslocate an atmonline and mobile bankingaudio bankingmember support centerother servicesjoin our credit unionjoin us
 contact us
join us
 find a branch 
member support center
make a payment
businessbusiness accounts & servicesbusiness checkingsavings and money market accountscertificatesbusiness loanssmall business loanscommercial loans
 contact us 
 find a branch
member support center
make a payment
what we dowe serveour credit union membersunderserved communitiesnationwideinvest with uswe lendto small businesses & nonprofitsto individualsfor the environmentppp relief loans: a lifeline during a pandemic
our impact
publications
who we areabout usour missionour storyour structurestories from our vaultour impactmilestones, 1980-2020self-help familyself-help credit unioncenter for community self-helpself-help ventures fundcenter for responsible lendingself-help federal credit unionlower valley credit unionpremier community credit unionresourcescareersmedia releasespublicationsdoing business with self-helpour impact2023 annual reportread the report 
 contact us 


payment center














english
español















open/close mobile menu









personalaccountschecking accountssavings & money market accountsterm certificatesindividual retirement accounts (ira)community recovery initiative loansauto loanshome loanshome equity line-of-creditpersonal loanscredit cardscreditbuilder loansgreen loansimmigration loansdisaster relief loansdreamer medical school loansother loansservicesfinancial coaching resourceslocate an atmonline and mobile bankingaudio bankingmember support centerother servicesjoin our credit unionjoin usbusinessbusiness accounts & servicesbusiness checkingsavings and money market accountscertificatesbusiness loanssmall business loanscommercial loanswhat we dowe serveour credit union membersunderserved communitiesnationwideinvest with uswe lendto small businesses & nonprofitsto individualsfor the environmentppp relief loans: a lifeline during a pandemicwho we areabout usour missionour storyour structurestories from our vaultour impactmilestones, 1980-2020self-help familyself-help credit unioncenter for community self-helpself-help ventures fundcenter for responsible lendingself-help federal credit unionlower valley credit unionpremier community credit unionresourcescareersmedia releasespublicationsdoing business with self-helppayment center


















make a payment



in nc, sc, fl, va, or ga? visit self-help cu







homewelcome members






                    welcome members






the information on this page has been assembled to help members make the transition to self-help fcu’s products and services. access to self-help fcu's products and services begins on monday, june 3, 2024. from now on, any attempt to access the premier ccu website will redirect to this page.


before accessing any other page of this website, please read and view all of the information on this page.
 

















self-help fcu electronic (remote) services 
click the following remote services button to view a collection of “how-to” videos to familiarize yourself with our remote services.

remote services
 
our remote services will be available to all members anytime on or after monday, june 3, 2024. when accessing the services, use your new username and password.  here are some of our most popular services (click on any of the titles to be taken to the page):  
online banking 
mobile banking 
audio banking
bill pay 
e-statements































card services
 
debit cards and atm cards
if you have been issued a new debit or atm card, then you may begin using your new self-help fcu debit card on monday, june 3.
 
atm terminals
atm terminals are set to work as normal.
 
credit cards
continue to use your current premier ccu credit card as normal. use the visa account access link to make online payments on your existing credit card. use the scorecard rewards link to use your accumulated reward points.

visa account access (credit card payment portal)
scorecard rewards 





















online banking
to log into online banking, click on the login button at the top of this page to access the username and password login portal anytime on or after monday, june 3. use your new username and password to gain access.
 
for your specific login information, please refer to the most recent information packet that was mailed to you, or contact any of our branches for guidance anytime on or after monday, june 3. please contact member services if you have not received that important mailing.
 
online banking gives you access to:

account information
e-statements
bill pay
an online loan application resource
a member alert feature that allows you to set up email notifications to track a wide range of account activities.
and much more.

e-statement enrollment update: to receive e-statements you must self-enroll through our online banking service. previously enrolled pccu e-statement recipients are not automatically enrolled to receive self-help fcu e-statements.

































navigating the self-help fcu website















quick links provide easy access to popular member service information and resources.
















click the login button to access the username and password login portal. use your new username and password to gain access. our online banking site gives you access to account information, e-statements, bill pay, an online loan application resource and more. there’s even a member alert feature that allows you to set up email notifications to track a wide range of account activities.
















click on the "personal" tab to view a menu of information about personal accounts, loans, services and membership eligibility. click on the "business" tab to view information about our business-related accounts, services and loans. the "what we do" and "who we are" tabs take you to pages of information about our mission and work.





















view our current rates on checking accounts, savings accounts and loans. the bottom of the rates page is where you will find links to our schedule of fees, account disclosures and other disclosure documentation.





















click on the self-help fcu logo from any page to get back to the website’s home page.
































2504 tenaya drivemodesto, ca 953541-877-369-2828routing # 322273696



connect with us

facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin
youtube




subscribe to our newsletter




ownership & economic opportunity for allself-help federal credit union was chartered in 2008 to build a network of branches that partner with working families and communities that have historically faced systemic barriers to financial inclusion. with over $2 billion in assets and serving more than 129,000 members in 38 branches - 22 in california, nine in illinois, five in washington, and two in wisconsin, self-help federal is one of the fastest-growing community development-designated financial institutions in the country. it is part of the self-help family of nonprofit organizations whose collective mission is to create and protect ownership and economic opportunity for all. for more than 40 years, the national center for community self-help and its affiliates have provided over $11 billion in financing to help more than 168,000 borrowers buy homes, start businesses and strengthen community resources. for more information, go to  www.self-helpfcu.org and www.self-help.org. self-help does not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, or limited english proficiency. more information here.	





explorehelp media centercareersinvestforms & applicationsconsumer privacy noticewebsite privacy noticeexcessive or luxury expenditures policy



self-help family

self-help cu
center for responsible lending
self-help ventures fund


















equal housing lender
                                            nmls #462211




federally insured by ncua





copyright © 2021. all rights reserved.









click to go back to top


























