


















über uns - baycom hard- und software gmbh







































baycom hard- und software gmbh






softwarekundenspezifische software4media4media-clientdab-cueidas-podcastmisprodukteagis – asterisk groupware integration serverdab streaming-server & datendienst-dekoderdab-monitor & datendienstarchivpadenc/motserv – dab pad service generationpoc32poc32 – pocsag monitor for windows – faqhardwaredab transmitterdabusbdslr webcamfrontpanel with lcdnetceiverquad dvb transport stream interfacetuner cardmedienproduktionbaycom.tvabgeschlossene projekteserviceüber unskontaktallgemeine datenschutzerklã¤rung









über uns

our company was founded in 1990, changed to the legal form of a “gmbh” in 1996 and is well known for its amateur radio equipment.
in january 2001, the company was renamed to “baycom, multimedia and broadcast solutions gmbh”. with this step, we officially shifted the
company’s focus towards the development of hard- and software solutions for media applications and professional broadcast, satisfying the growing needs for customer specific solutions in the media and digital broadcast area.
since then, well known multimedia- and broadcasting companies are gaining from our knowledge and technologies developed by baycom. our main focus
currently lies on digital radio (dab), with a broad product range for both broadcast and receiver side.
the amateur radio equipment is now no longer part and business of baycom gmbh
.









baycom hard- und software gmbh

		proudly powered by wordpress 






we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept

















