      
	dewitt llp law firm | know us before you need us
                            skip to main content         



    
































people


services


news


about


careers


contact


client payment portal








legal disclaimer


privacy policy




 
 
     


dewitt llp law firm

slideshow







practicing in more than 30 areas of lawat dewitt, we take a proactive and efficient approach to develop legal solutions that genuinely benefit our clients, always striving for positive outcomes.get in touch >










practicing in more than 30 areas of lawat dewitt, we take a proactive and efficient approach to develop legal solutions that genuinely benefit our clients, always striving for positive outcomes.get in touch >










know us before you need usat dewitt, our clients' success is our top priority.  we take a proactive and efficient approach to develop legal solutions that genuinely benefit our clients, always striving for positive
    outcomes. our attorneys are responsive, knowledgeable and passionate.with our broad expertise across various areas of law, our team of more than 130 attorneys embodies the key qualities to consider when choosing a law firm. dewitt attorneys serve as trusted advisors and, when necessary, skilled litigators. a wide range
    of entities, including large corporations, family-owned businesses, employers, associations, individuals, municipalities, and others, rely on our team for their legal needs, based on our long-standing history of legal achievements.learn more about us >







how can we help?
our team specializes in over 30 areas of law. whatever you need, we’re here to help.
view all services >








divorce & family law
divorce & family law







tax
tax







intellectual property
intellectual property







esopsesop






view all services >



featured attorneys
slideshow













attorney
phillip j. addis

phil is a partner in dewitt's satellite la crosse location specializing in bankruptcy, business, municipal law, real estate, land use and construction.  he can be reached at 608-784-1355.
view attorney page >















attorney
james c. reiher

jim is a partner in dewitt's greater milwaukee office.  he has experience in the criminal defense, insurance, labor & employment relations, litigation and personal injury arenas.  jim can be reached at 262-754-1330.
view attorney page >















attorney
david j. schwartz

david is a partner in the firm's madison office and the chair of its personal injury practice group.  he advises clients on matters related to litigation, personal injury, real estate, land use & construction, and title insurance.
view attorney page >



















recent news








feb 10, 2025

attorney phillip maples joins dewitt’s green bay office 
today dewitt llp law firm announced attorney phillip r. maples joined the firm’s green bay office, where he will focus his practice on assisting individuals with estate, wealth, and business...read more!










jan 13, 2025

dewitt welcomes two attorneys to its team in wisconsin 
we’re delighted to welcome two outstanding attorneys to our team in wisconsin! please join us in giving jeffery and jocelyn a warm welcome!...read more!










jan 6, 2025

devin sutherland joins dewitt as director of marketing 
today dewitt llp announced devin sutherland has joined its firm as director of marketing...read more!










jan 2, 2025

blockchain-based assets and your estate plan 
blockchains are used to keep track of transactions. every time a group of new transactions is added to the chain, it is called a block. these blocks are connected to form a chain, hence the name...read more!











want to stay in the know?
subscribe to dewitt’s legal updates.






 








please select the topics you are interested in:



                employment news
            




                estate planning news
            




                esop news
            




                firm news
            




                immigration news
            




                upcoming seminars
            








join our newsletter:




full name






company name






email










submit
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.





















  


our locations




green bay


                            2391 holmgren way
                            green bay, wi 54304
                        

920.499.5700
get directions to our green bay office>






greater milwaukee


                            13845 bishops drive, suite 300
                            brookfield, wi 53005
                        

262.754.2840
get directions to our greater milwaukee office>






madison


                            25 w. main street, suite 800
                            madison, wi 53703
                        

608.255.8891
get directions to our madison office>
parking directions >






minneapolis


                            901 marquette ave, suite 2100
                            minneapolis, mn 55402
                        

612.305.1400
get directions to our minneapolis office>









get in touchneed to get in touch directly? fill out the form with your contact details and a brief message, and we will get back to you as soon as possible.






 







contact full name










contact email








phone









what would you like to talk to us about?

what would you like to talk to us about?
administrative law
alternative dispute resolution
appeals
background screening
banking & financial institutions
bankruptcy
benefit corporations and b corps
business
commercial finance
computer and software litigation
construction industry
copyright litigation
copyrights
creditors rights
criminal defense
education & school law
eminent domain
employee benefits
employee stock ownership plans (esops)
environmental law
environmental litigation
ethics compliance specialist
executive compensation
family law
government compliance, investigations & litigation
government relations
health care law
immigration law
insurance
intellectual property
intellectual property litigation
international law
labor & employment relations
lexwork
licensing
licensing litigation
litigation
major business litigation
marketing
medical negligence
mergers & acquisitions
mining & natural resources industry
municipal law
natural resources law
patent litigation
patents
personal injury
real estate, land use & construction
regulatory matters
software protection
state & regulatory investigations and proceedings
tax & tax advocacy
title insurance litigation
trade secret litigation
trade secrets
trademark litigation
trademarks clearance and protection
transportation & logistics industry
trusts & estates
worker's compensation
other









what office are you interested in reaching?

what office are you interested in reaching?
greater milwaukee
​green bay
madison
minneapolis







message







see full terms
×
i understand contacting dewitt llp will not make me a client of the firm and information sent to the firm will not be considered confidential or privileged unless i am a client of the firm.




i agree to the terms.



                i agree to the terms
            











submit >
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

























discoverpeopleservicesnewsaboutcareers





locations
green bay
greater milwaukee
madison
minneapolis





disclaimerprivacy policyjoin team dewitt© 2024 dewitt llp. all rights reserved.







© 2025 dewitt llp. all rights reserved.





discoverpeopleservicesnewsaboutcareers




locationsgreen baygreater milwaukeemadisonminneapolis




resourcesdisclaimerprivacy policy








 








please select the topics you are interested in:



                employment news
            




                estate planning news
            




                esop news
            




                firm news
            




                immigration news
            




                upcoming seminars
            








join our newsletter:




full name






company name






email










submit
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.





















           
