
































school of information | golisano college of computing and information sciences | rit


















				skip to main content
			





rit logo with text
































✕



request info
visit
apply
give




mobile main navigation
about
						overview
					
						leadership
					
						accreditation
					
						facilities
					
						student clubs
					
						faculty openings
					
						student resources
					
						centers and institutes
					
						diversity initiatives office
					
						newsmakers
					
						national council
					
						news
					academics
						undergraduate degrees
					
						graduate degrees and advanced certificates
					
						minors
					
						immersions
					
						departments and schools
					
						academic advising
					
						tutoring center
					
						academic support
					
						dean’s lecture series
					
						access services and support
					
						firstbyte
					
						computing and information sciences ph.d.
					
						visit campus
					
						experiential learning
					
						admissions and aid
					
						faculty
					research
						key research areas
					
						research news
					
						search people by areas of expertise
					
						computing and information sciences ph.d.
					
						esl global cybersecurity institute
					
						contact
					




myrit
news
directory























golisano college of
computing and information sciences




















✕




future students
current students
parents
faculty and staff
alumni
partners







request info
visit
apply
give
















future students
current students
parents
faculty and staff
alumni
partners






request info
visit
apply
give

















rit logo and full name














golisano college of
computing and information sciences










news
directory
myrit











about
													overview
											
													leadership
											
													accreditation
											
													facilities
											
													student clubs
											
													faculty openings
											
													student resources
											
													centers and institutes
											
													diversity initiatives office
											
													newsmakers
											
													national council
											newsacademics
													undergraduate degrees
											
													graduate degrees and advanced certificates
											
													minors
											
													immersions
											
													departments and schools
											
													academic advising
											
													tutoring center
											
													academic support
											
													dean’s lecture series
											
													access services and support
											
													firstbyte
											computing and information sciences ph.d.visit campus
													experiential learning
											
													admissions and aid
											
													faculty
											research
													key research areas
											
													research news
											
													search people by areas of expertise
											computing and information sciences ph.d.esl global cybersecurity institute
													contact
											






















 

school of information

 










school of 
information











rit/golisano college of computing and information sciences/academics/departments and schools/school of information












overviewdegree programscomputing for allresearchlatest newsfeatured work and profilesstudent resourcesindustrial advisory boardfaculty / staff directoryischool openings




 
contact
sharon mason, director
sharon.mason@rit.edu
rhonda baker-smith, office manager & assistant to the director
585-475-2700, rhonda.baker@rit.edu
152 lomb memorial dr., rochester, ny 14623
gol-2100

 
 
 
 
 










 



overview


 
in the modern world, technology has woven itself into the fabric of society, binding people and information closer together than ever before. while this new digital era brings with it exciting innovations, it also brings a host of new, unexplored problems. in the school of information (ischool), our focus is on utilizing technology to solve real world, human-centered problems. with a combination of diverse courses, state-of-the-art equipment, and a team of knowledgeable and imaginative faculty, the ischool gives students the tools they need to ensure a lifetime of success. we shape the future and improve the world through creativity and innovation.
you can find more information on the ischool’s facilities here >








 



 

		91%



				job placement rate
			



 

$80k
	


				average salary with one of our degrees (glassdoor)
			



 

		36th



				rank among top 50 computing colleges (business insider)
			









 



undergraduate programs


 
home to the college’s bachelor of science degrees in computing and information technologies, human-centered computing, and web and mobile computing, the ischool comprises the “full stack” computing knowledge that prepares professionals working on both the front- and back-end of the user experience.


 








              computing and information technologies bs
							              






rit’s computing and information technology degree teaches you complex computing systems and how to become well-versed in their management. 
 
learn more about the computing and information technologies bs program 











              human-centered computing bs
							              






rit’s human-centered computing degree combines computing, psychology, and design to examine how people use technology and how computing systems can become more intuitive.
learn more about the human-centered computing bs program 











              humanities, computing, and design bs
							              






rit’s humanities, computing, and design major pairs the liberal arts with tech to prepare you for a dynamic career that requires advanced computing and digital skills.
this degree program is offered jointly between the college of liberal arts, the golisano college of computing and information sciences, and the college of art and design.
learn more about the humanities, computing, and design bs program 











              web and mobile computing bs
							              






rit’s web and mobile computing degree teaches students a user-centric approach to creating impactful apps, with solid code and good design.
learn more about the web and mobile computing bs program 









 
graduate programs
a master of science degree from the school of information provides an opportunity for in-depth study to prepare for today’s high-demand computing careers. big data is not just high transaction volumes; it is also data in various formats, with high velocity change, and increasing complexity and information delivery must be immediate and on demand.


 








              computing and information sciences ph.d.
							              






the ph.d. in computing and information sciences is a research degree that produces independent scholars, cutting-edge researchers, and well-prepared educators. you'll study with rit's world-class computing faculty and take advantage of diverse academic offerings and modern facilities as you identify and research challenges within and beyond computing. 
learn more about the computing and information sciences ph.d. program 











              artificial intelligence ms
																						              






the artificial intelligence master’s will teach you to harness the benefits of ai and gain transferable skills in the responsible and impactful design, development, analysis, and deployment of artificial intelligence.
learn more about the artificial intelligence ms program 











              data science ms
																						              






demand is high for professionals skilled in both analytics and computing. enhance your skill set by learning to manage large-scale data sets in this data science master’s.
learn more about the data science ms program 











              health informatics ms
																						              






demand is high for health informaticists–those professionals who are well versed in applying computing and information technology solutions to the management of health care information and patient data. this health informatics masters will give you the knowledge and experience you need to succeed in this evolving field.
learn more about the health informatics ms program 











              human-computer interaction ms
																						              






in the human-computer interaction master's degree, you'll study how people interact with websites, computer systems, and software, enabling you to create intuitive interfaces that improve how we interact with and use emerging technologies.
learn more about the human-computer interaction ms program 











              information technology and analytics ms
																						              






in this information technology master’s degree, you’ll engage in an applied it program to understand how big data is collected and managed, and how its analysis informs both industry decision making and it solutions in the computing industry.
learn more about the information technology and analytics ms program 











              web development adv. cert.
																						              






with a graduate certificate in web development, you'll develop an expertise in interactive multimedia design as you enhance the communication and digital media experience.
learn more about the web development adv. cert. program 















 




 








 



minors and immersions


 








              database design and development minor
							              






the minor is a cohesive set of courses that elevates students from a foundational level to advanced knowledge of database systems and the database development process. students learn the basics of data modeling, the relational model, normalization, and structured query language (sql). students also learn the skills needed to effectively capture requirements, compose data models that accurately reflect those requirements, develop programs that establish lines of communication with back-end databases, build and manage large databases, and learn methods for designing and developing data warehouses.
learn more about the database design and development minor program 











              mobile design and development minor
							              






the minor in mobile design and development provides non-computing majors with a firm foundation in designing applications for mobile devices. there is an explosion in the types and amount of mobile devices and this minor is designed to provide students with the ability to design and implement cross-platform applications.
learn more about the mobile design and development minor program 











              mobile development minor
							              






the minor in mobile development provides students enrolled in computing degree programs with experience designing and creating compelling native applications for mobile devices. smartphones are outselling desktop computers. new mobile devices of varying sizes, types, and uses are being created everyday for both businesses and personal use and contexts. developers are needed to create applications for these needs that perform well on the major mobile platforms.
learn more about the mobile development minor program 











              networking and systems administration minor
							              






this minor provides computing students with a firm foundation in networking and/or systems administration. computer networks and the systems attached to these networks have become ubiquitous. therefore, knowledge of how computer networks function, their administration, and the administration of the systems attached to them can be of value to every computing professional since their work is impacted in some way by computer networks and computer systems. students may choose between two tracks: networking or system administration.
learn more about the networking and systems administration minor program 











              principles of computing immersion
							              






the principles of computing immersion introduces students from interdisciplinary backgrounds (for majors outside of computing, mathematics, or informatics) to the central ideas of computing. in this immersion, you will understand how computing impacts and changes your world; establish the foundational concepts and best practices of computational thinking, use of computing technology, and data to solve real-world problems; and learn basic programming skills and develop programming techniques to solve problems, and become familiar with the effects that computing has on society and culture. this immersion is intended for students with no prior computing background as a bridge to expand their understandings of the computing domain.
learn more about the principles of computing immersion program 











              web development minor
							              






this minor provides students with a firm foundation in web development. the web has become a global, essential, and ubiquitous information delivery medium. hence, knowledge of how the web works and how to effectively develop dynamic websites adds considerable value to computing majors. this minor provides foundational skills in web development, starting with simple sites, moving through dynamic client-side and server-side functionality, and culminating in web-based systems that create and access various information services.
learn more about the web development minor program 















 




 




                                    accessibility
                            






researchers at the ischool conduct world-leading research on accessibility and assistive technology for diverse users, including people who are deaf or hard of hearing, people who are blind, people with communication impairments, and older adults. researchers also study how to make both technology design and education more inclusive of diverse users.
faculty

matt huenerfauth
sooyeon lee
michael mcquaid
tae oh
roshan peiris
kristen shinohara
garreth tigwell
elissa weeden

labs

center for accessibility and inclusion research
linguistics and assistive technology lab








                                    artificial intelligence
                            






faculty and students conduct research on fundamental and applied topics in artificial intelligence and machine learning, e.g. to address challenges in data analytics, computational analytics, iot analytics, human-ai collaborative systems and other fields.
faculty

erik golen
bruce hartpence
matt huenerfauth
sooyeon lee
tae oh
qi yu

labs

human-centric multi-modal modeling lab
linguistics and assistive technology lab








                                    computing education
                            






ischool faculty have a long history of being engaged in computing curriculum design and research, exploring new pedagogical techniques, and developing new approaches for conveying computing-related concepts to students. our goal is to spark an interest in computing among students from all disciplines, backgrounds and ages.
faculty

catherine beaton
dan bogaard
erik golen
lawrence hill
edward holden
matt huenerfauth
jai kang
sharon mason
michael mcquaid
kristen shinohara
elissa weeden
stephen zilora

labs

center for accessibility and inclusion research








                                    human-computer interaction
                            






rit faculty and students collaborate to find impactful solutions to real-world problems facing users as they interact with computing technologies, including in the domains of communication, information access, education, language technologies, and security.
faculty

christopher bondy
matt huenerfauth
sooyeon lee
michael mcquaid
roshan peiris
kristen shinohara
garreth tigwell

labs

center for accessibility and inclusion research
linguistics and assistive technology lab

 







                                    networking and systems administration
                            






faculty and students investigate organizational and technological issues involved in mobile and sensor networking, enterprise scale networking, wireless and wired networks, mobile ad hoc networking, mobile device computing, green computing, virtualization, cloud computing, and computing architectures.
faculty

tae oh
bruce hartpence
nirmala shenoy

labs

networking lab
systems administration lab












 



computing for all


 
computing for all is a continuation of the “computer science for all'' initiative started by president obama in 2016. the goal of which is to significantly increase the number of u.s. citizens and permanent residents receiving post-secondary degrees in the computing disciplines, and to encourage participation of other underrepresented groups in the discipline.
the need for computing for all can plainly be seen in the way computers are altering and shaping virtually every career field,  which means computing education needs to be accessible to all disciplines, backgrounds, and ages. to meet this rising demand and establish ourselves as a focal point of computing across the university, the school of information offers classes for all students to take to improve their digital literacy and prepare them for an ever-evolving job market.
the principles of computing immersion is one such example of our commitment. this immersion is open to all majors outside of computing, mathematics, or informatics and introduces students to the central ideas of computing.   all the isch courses are designed for and open to non-computing majors. additionally, many other ischool introductory-level courses, such as iste-140 web and mobile i and iste-230 introduction to database and data modeling, are appropriate and available to non-computing majors.








 



ischool research areas

 













						accessibility
					







 













						artificial intelligence
					







 













						computing education
					







 













						human-computer interaction
					







 













						networking and systems administration
					













 



latest news


 









			february 10, 2025
		






						eva navarro among list of 100 brilliant women in ai ethics 2025
					


rit professor eva navarro lópez was named one of the world’s most influential people in artificial intelligence (ai) ethics. she was selected for the list of 100 brilliant women in ai ethics–2025 by women in ai ethics.







			february 7, 2025
		






						online ux design degree programs   


onlineengineeringprograms.com interviewed roshan peiris, assistant professor in the school of information, about the field of user experience (ux) design.







			february 3, 2025
		






						rit professor forges connections as president of the korean-american scientists and engineers association 
					


rit professor tae (tom) oh serves as president of the korean-american scientists and engineers association, where he encourages global collaboration.








more school news  












 



featured work and profiles


 

















ischool professor forges connections as president of the korean-american scientists and engineers association

tae oh
												
																													professor tae (tom) oh sees international cooperation as a key to addressing the challenges and opportunities of the 21st century—especially in artificial intelligence (ai). since being...
																		
read more about ischool professor forges connections as president of the korean-american scientists and engineers association















fulbright student's research applies ai to real-world problems

												
																					diana velychko, a fulbright master’s student in artificial intelligence, is paving the way for more intuitive artificial intelligence (ai) systems.
																		
read more about fulbright student's research applies ai to real-world problems















rit grad drives global open source initiatives

												
																					as a fedora community architect, justin w. flory ’20 (networking and systems administration) wears many hats.
																		
read more about rit grad drives global open source initiatives















alumna goes from struggling with coding to creating technologies for coders

nuzhat minhaz
												
																					it took nuzhat minhaz a few tries to find her place in the technology industry, but she now works at microsoft and runs her own start-up organization to help cybercrime victims.
																		
read more about alumna goes from struggling with coding to creating technologies for coders






















trust and bias: guiding communication through visualizations

hidy kong
												
																													effective communication is important in all areas of life, but especially so in health domains. the recent pandemic underscored the critical need for clear communication regarding preventive,...
																		
read more about trust and bias: guiding communication through visualizations






















from code to community: weaving real-world non-profit projects into a web technologies course

john-paul takats
												
																													in this talk, professor john-paul takats will share his experiences of transforming a typical group project that was done with a made-up client / topic into a collaboration between graduate students...
																		
read more about from code to community: weaving real-world non-profit projects into a web technologies course










previous



next



explore all  













 



student resources


 
current students


 




                                    undergraduate degree course flowcharts
                            






download your course schedule flowchart, complete with pre-requisites.
cit
hcc
wmc







                                    graduate degree handbooks
                            






handbooks are here:

masters of science in human computer interaction
masters of science in health informatics
masters of science in information technology and analytics
masters of science in artificial intelligence








                                    co-op information & enrollment
                            






please refer to our ischool cooperative employment guides for information on policies and procedures:

undergraduate co-op guide
graduate co-op guide

for information on the school of information's creative, innovative & research experience:

ischool cir experience (iste-498) guidelines
ischool cir experience approval from

 







                                    forms
                            






undergraduate

independent study form
incomplete grade form
change of program information sheet
advanced topic concentration approval form - cit
advanced topic concentration approval form - hcc
advanced topic concentration approval form - wmc

graduate

independent study form
incomplete grade form
grad special topic proposal
capstone template

youtube tutorial
latex instructions


scholarships
	
graduate assistant scholarship


graduate project capstone
	
ms capstone process instructions
proposal approval
defense announcement
title page
final approval


graduate thesis capstone
	
ms capstone process instructions
proposal approval
defense announcement
title page
final approval
proquest title page


ms in ai
	
capstone project course vs. thesis: comparison and guidelines
thesis planning and proposal approval form
idai 799 - independent study proposal form
cover page thesis
thesis approval form
defense grade form



institute forms

all here, including change of program forms.








                                    capstone projects
                            






students pursuing a master of science in information technology and analytics and human-computer interactions have opportunities to complete capstone projects. check out some of our recent submissions>







                                    tutors/lab information
                            






tutors / lab information
the tutoring lab, located in gol-2670, is a wonderful resource for ischool students. students struggling with java, database, mobile or web projects will find useful assistance provided by the ischool tutors. additionally, the newly formed gccis tutoring center, located in gol-2410, can help ischool students looking for assistance in isch-110.
the lab is staffed with graduate students who are experts in their tutoring areas. the ischool tutors are a resource - all students should feel free to ask them for help!
students can also receive assistance in the gccis tutoring center.







                                    course enrollment
                            






each semester has an enrollment period in which students use the student information system (sis) to choose classes to take the following semester. enrollment for spring courses typically happens in november, and enrollment for fall courses in april. students are assigned a specific enrollment window during the enrollment period; this window is the only time (besides add/drop week) that students can enroll in courses. check sis for your personal enrollment window.
using your shopping cart
the shopping cart is designed to help students manage their course selections for the following term. it allows you to plan your schedule in advance, and makes registering for courses quicker and easier. please note that placing a class in your shopping cart does not mean you are enrolled in that class, nor does it guarantee you a seat in that class. it is simply a tool for planning purposes.
shopping carts become available a few weeks before the enrollment period, allowing you plenty of time to talk to your advisor and plan your courses. they open at the same time for all students, regardless of credit hours completed or if a student has an advising hold on their account.
we highly recommend students utilize their shopping cart. it can alert you ahead of time to things like time conflicts, advising holds, and other issues.
add/drop week
the first week of each rit semester is 'add/drop week,' which allows students to tweak their schedules, adding and dropping courses without penalty. during add/drop week, ischool academic advisors hold special walk-in hours for students to help them finalize their schedules. specific walk-in hours are posted in the ischool weekly newsletter, on ischool social media, and are displayed in the ischool main office in gol-2100.
the easiest way to drop a class during add/drop week is to use the 'drop' function in sis. full instructions on how to drop a class in sis can be found online.
students may also drop classes in-person via an advising walk-in, or at the rit office of the registrar. remember, dropping a course during add/drop week leaves no record on your academic transcript.
withdrawing from a course
after the add/drop week ends, dropping a course results in a "drop with penalty," aka "withdrawing" from a course. you can withdraw from a course on sis the same way you drop a course, but withdrawing will result in a 'w' penalty grade appearing on your academic transcript. if you are considering withdrawing from a class, we strongly encourage you to talk to your professor or academic advisor first. a withdrawal may also affect any financial aid you are receiving, so take that into account as well.
course waitlists and swapping
sometimes courses you want to take may be full before your enrollment window opens. this can happen with both required courses and electives. if this happens, you can join the waitlist for that course, which is also done via sis. during the enrollment period, the ischool is constantly monitoring course enrollment and waitlist numbers, and we'll do everything we can to make sure students get into the courses they need.
that being said, waitlists do not guarantee enrollment, so we advise students to plan for backup courses if some of their first picks don't work out. this is especially true if the course you're waitlisted on is not offered by the ischool. we cannot override sis and "push" our students into full classes that are offered by another department.
another option is setting up a course swap, which means that if you enroll in your second choice course and then a seat opens up in your first choice, you can "swap" into that first choice course, effectively dropping your second choice without penalty. course swaps are also done via sis; for specific instructions, refer to the official rit documentation.
auditing courses
auditing a course means that a student may enroll in a course, but will not receive a grade or credit upon completion of the material. students may choose to audit courses for various reasons, usually for academic exploration purposes or self-enrichment. at rit, wellness classes make up the majority of audited courses. however, departments may allow students to audit an academic course on a case by case basis. audits for non-wellness classes will need to be approved by the instructor using the add/drop audit form, available on the office of the registrar's website. please note that audits cannot be officially processed until the first week of the academic term. if you wish to audit a course you've already taken, you must see your advisor before you enroll in the course.







                                    student advising services
                            






academic advisors
all ischool students are assigned a professional academic advisor, specific to their major. academic advisors guide students through their chosen program's curriculum, helping them develop their academic plans. they also help students by interpreting institutional policies, referring students to other resources on campus, and discussing issues of concern regarding students' academic progress. frequent student-advisor contact is a proven factor in student success. ultimately, students are responsible for making their own decisions based on the information and advice their advisor offers.
to make an appointment with your academic advisor, call the ischool student services office at 585-475-2700, or stop by the office in-person at golisano hall, room 2100. the office is open monday-friday, 8:30am - 4:30pm. due to our advising team having very full schedules, same-day appointments are not permitted. please plan ahead!
who is my academic advisor?
elisabeth foster (emfics@rit.edu): undergraduate degrees
hannah pruch (hcpiao@rit.edu): undergraduate degrees
jill persson (jmpics@rit.edu): graduate students
enrollment helpful hints (.pdf)
faculty advisors
while faculty advisors are not formally assigned, we encourage students to talk with their professors about careers or research in their field of expertise. many of our full-time faculty have extensive experience working in industry, while others are engaged in research projects (and they're always looking for student assistance). check out our faculty page of this website to get a better understanding of what each faculty member specializes in, and swing by their office hours for a chat!
changing your major
if you think you want to switch to a different major, either within ischool or to another department, please review the "change of program students" section of this website.
academic alerts, probation, and suspension
academic alert emails are sent from your instructor when they feel you are doing poorly in their course. this email is a friendly warning that you may get into academic trouble - like receiving a low final grade or outright failing the course - if you do not act soon. you can respond to academic alerts by meeting with your professor to learn what you can do to improve in the course. all ischool faculty want students to succeed in their classes, but they can't help you if you don't talk to them first. additionally, you may want to meet with your academic advisor. rit also offers many resources for students struggling academically, and your academic advisor can help you explore those resources.
students that are unable to rectify their poor academic performance can be placed on academic probation or face suspension from rit. please read rit's official policy about academic probation/suspension, and contact your academic advisor with any specific questions.







                                    student ambassadors
                            






the mission of the ischool student ambassadors is to act as a student knowledge base for all things ischool. using their leadership and interpersonal skills, ambassadors establish relationships with prospective students and their families, current students, and the larger rit community. through these relationships, ambassadors will educate their audience about ischool programs, curriculum, and facilities.

overview
the ischool is always looking to add more student ambassadors to its ranks, and is actively recruiting throughout the spring and fall semesters. please review the following information regarding the program, and feel free to apply online if it sounds like the student ambassador program is right for you!
criteria:

full time ischool student in good conduct standing
minimum gpa of 2.5. 
complete the online application and attend an in-person interview
be outgoing, personable, and enthusiastic 

duties:
the core responsibility of a student ambassador is to positively represent the ischool department at various functions throughout the academic year. ischool ambassadors are more than just tour guides. they are leaders entrusted to impart the mission, vision, and values of the ischool to students and the community. specific instances may include:


assisting in planning and staffing ischool open houses


participating in student panels for visiting prospective students and their families


giving tours of and answering questions about department facilities for individuals, families, and groups including:


prospective students (both freshmen and transfer)


industry guests


high school or middle school students




assisting in hosting information sessions at their former local high school (optional if relevant)


suggest and help organize ischool student community-building activities


attend annual industrial advisory board meetings


attend accreditation reviews


act as a source of input and feedback about ischool initiatives and events


general leadership in the ischool student community


expectations
student ambassadors are chosen in part for their enthusiasm, and we expect that enthusiasm when volunteering for ischool events. we understand life can be hectic and we don’t expect you at every event, but you must attend a minimum of one department function per semester.* we encourage you to volunteer for as many events as you are able and failure to volunteer for a minimum of one event will lead to your dismissal as a student ambassador. we depend on the support of our ambassadors to make our ischool functions a success! 
*if you are on co-op during your tenure as an ambassador, the above requirement is waived until you return to rit. of course, if you want to attend an event as an ambassador while on co-op, we will welcome your participation.
perks

official ischool t-shirt
resume enhancement via leadership and volunteer experience
letter of recommendation from ischool coordinator of communications and student experience (if requested)
opportunity to establish relationships and work with faculty and staff
opportunity to give input on future ischool events, and feedback on past ones
opportunity to establish personal and professional contacts outside rit

interested students are encouraged to apply via our google forms
for any additional information regarding the student ambassador program, please contact the ischool marketing and student experience coordinator, tyler monica, at tyler.monica@rit.edu. 
current ambassadors
graduate student ambassadors: 

gautham krishna
tejaswini lingaraddi vantigodi
mililani rosare
priya gopalakrishnan

undergraduate student ambassadors:

justin man
noelle voelkel
andrew apollo
lily chau
destiny patton
faith lam








                                    study abroad
                            






the ischool offers three unique study abroad opportunities for undergraduate students via international partnerships with rit satellite campuses in croatia, dubai, and kosovo. studying abroad doesn't mean putting your degree on hold; the curriculums are exactly the same abroad as they are in rochester. the wmc program is mirrored in croatia, with the cit program is taught in dubai and kosovo. all three of the ischool's undergraduate programs share courses at the start of their degree, so hcc students are easily able to take advantage of our global campuses as well.
while these two opportunities are exclusive to our department, we encourage students to explore the wealth of other study abroad experiences offered by rit.

dubrovnik, croatia
dubrovnik is the most southern city in croatia and is a prominent tourist destination on the adriatic sea along the dalmatian coast. (you may recognize the city as king`s landing from the hbo series game of thrones). students attend rochester institute of technology croatia, and carry a minimum of 15 credit hours in both web and mobile computing and liberal arts courses. 

watch a student film on their experience studying in dubrovnik.

dubai, united arab emirates (uae)
students study in the heart of dubai silicon oasis, a technology park with over 800 international companies. travel to dubai and experience the man-made palm islands, shop in the world's largest mall, ski indoors year-round, and travel through the desert in a 4-wheel drive vehicle, horseback or camel. students attend rit dubai, and carry a minimum of 15 credit hours in both computing and information technology and liberal arts.
student testimonials

amanda barton, graduated it student
i studied abroad at rit croatia, the dubrovnik campus, in the spring semester of my second year (2014). honestly, the study abroad experience itself is fairly indescribable. i had the chance to meet new people, eat tons of delicious food, participate in cultural events, and experience things i never could have imagined. trying to articulate what that means to me is incredibly difficult. i learned a lot about myself that i never would have if i hadn't seized the opportunity to go abroad. i highly recommend that anyone who wants to travel should definitely take advantage of the chance to study abroad.

zachary kutik, graduated nsa student
studying abroad was one of the best decisions i ever made in my life, the second being choosing croatia as my destination. it was such a beautiful contrast to rochester. everyone was very kind and welcoming; one of my croatian friend's families practically adopted me for my stay there, and i still keep in touch with them today!







                                    extracurricular opportunities
                            







​​​​​the aware-ai program offers traineeships and integrated research-educational opportunities in the area of artificial intelligence for students from multiple graduate programs: https://www.rit.edu/nrtai/
the rit ai list is an email list managed by rit’s center for human-aware ai  with announcements about research talks and other ai-themed programming :  https://lists.rit.edu/mailman/listinfo.mmcgi/rit-ai








                                    commencement
                            






the spring commencement ceremony typically happens during the third week of may. every student that wants to graduate at that time must apply to graduate before april 1st. applying for graduation sets in motion a process that ensures you have met all requirements to graduate. to apply:

log in to sis.
go to student center and select 'apply for graduation' in the drop down menu.
select the earliest term in which you expect to have all requirements completed (both classes and co-ops)

once you have applied, your academic advisor will perform a degree audit and email you the results. the audit will let you know if you have any requirements remaining that will impede your graduation, and if you'll be able to graduate in the timeframe you expect.
failure to apply before the april 1st deadline has lasting consequences; talk to your academic advisor if you miss this important deadline.





 
prospective students


 




                                    study abroad
                            






the ischool offers three unique study abroad opportunities for undergraduate students via international partnerships with rit satellite campuses in croatia, kosovo and dubai. studying abroad doesn't mean putting your degree on hold. the curriculums are exactly the same abroad as they are in rochester and courses are taught in english. the wmc program is mirrored in croatia, with the cit program being taught in dubai and kosovo.
while these three opportunities are exclusive to our department, we encourage students to explore the wealth of other study abroad experiences offered by rit.

croatia
croatia offers two campuses with unique perspectives in dubrovnik and zagreb.
dubrovnik is the most southern city in croatia and is a prominent tourist destination on the adriatic sea along the dalmatian coast. (you may recognize the city as king's landing from the hbo series game of thrones). students attend rochester institute of technology croatia, and carry a minimum of 15 credit hours in both web and mobile computing and liberal arts courses. 

watch a student film on their experience studying in dubrovnik.
zagreb is the capital city of croatia and most heavily populated. it offers the big city feel, and the campus enrolls students from europe, australia, south america and the united states.

dubai, united arab emirates (uae)
students study in the heart of dubai silicon oasis, a technology park with over 800 international companies. travel to dubai and experience the man-made palm islands, shop in the world's largest mall, ski indoors year-round, and travel through the dessert in a 4-wheel drive vehicle, horseback or camel. students attend rit dubai, and carry a minimum of 15 credit hours in both computing and information technology and liberal arts.

kosovo
kosovo is known as the country of "young europeans." its citizens are well-educated, multilingual, dynamic and have an abundance of entrepreneurial spirit.
student testimonials

amanda barton, fourth-year it student
i studied abroad at rit croatia, the dubrovnik campus, in the spring semester of my second year (2014). honestly, the study abroad experience itself is fairly indescribable. i had the chance to meet new people, eat tons of delicious food, participate in cultural events, and experience things i never could have imagined. trying to articulate what that means to me is incredibly difficult. i learned a lot about myself that i never would have if i hadn't seized the opportunity to go abroad. i highly recommend that anyone who wants to travel should definitely take advantage of the chance to study abroad.

zachary kutik, fourth-year nsa student
studying abroad was one of the best decisions i ever made in my life, the second being choosing croatia as my destination. it was such a beautiful contrast to rochester. everyone was very kind and welcoming; one of my croatian friend's families practically adopted me for my stay there, and i still keep in touch with them today!







                                    student success
                            






how to succeed in the ischool
like most other university departments, students need to meet certain basic requirements to do well in the ischool: attend class, get to know your professors (visiting their office hours is a great way to do this) and meet your classmates. there are a few ischool-specific topics however:
buying or bringing a computer to rit
the majority of ischool students bring their own computer with them to rit. while it is entirely possible to excell in ischool classes and eventually graduate without owning your own computer, we find that most students enjoy the convenience of being able to take their work outside the labs. we also allow the use of personal computers in our classes, if students wish to do so. in fact, many of our professors prefer using open source software to teach, and our students like the convenience of being able to download the software and continue their work at home.
that being said, there are certain scenarios (in-class exams, for example) that require use of ischool lab computers. if you are thinking about purchasing a computer to bring to rit, our campus information technology services office has recommended support and purchasing guidelines.
prior knowledge of programming languages
many of our students enter our degree programs with some prior knowledge of code, whether it was from a high school class, online course, or other resource. this prior knowledge is great, but not required. our introductory classes are designed to teach concepts from the ground up, meaning that a student with zero prior knowledge of class concepts is just as likely to succeed as a student that has experience with the material.
if you do however have access to computing courses through your high school, we encourage you to take them! you can also learn on your own through various free online resources; we like code academy. for specific topics, we recommend learning the programming language java.
getting involved in ischool
you'll often hear that to make the most of your college experience, you need to "get involved" on campus. this axiom holds true in the ischool, and there are several ways to get involved in the department. we have 3 student-run clubs that cater to different interests:

localhost is for students interested in web and mobile application design & development, and user experience design.
nexthop is geared towards students that have an interest in computer networking and systems administration.
ux (user experience) club is a group that aims to promote the visibility of user centered design and research on the rit campus.








                                    tutors / lab information
                            






labs
the ischool has 11 computing labs dedicated to student use. all labs feature industry standard equipment, and are open 7 days a week for student use. students have access to both osx and windows, and all of the lab computers share the same software image, meaning you can pick up your work where you left off, no matter which lab you're in.
tutors
tutoring services are also available in our labs. our tutors are highly successful and experienced students. they are hired to help students struggling with introductory concepts or classes.







                                    transferring course credit
                            






transferring course credit
all course credit, whether it is from another college, ap, ib, or otherwise, must be submitted to the rit office of admissions. more information about transferring credit can be found online.







                                    visit the ischool
                            






visit us!
we are happy to accommodate you and your family, should you wish to visit our department. to make the most of your visit, we please ask that you first call ahead to the rit admissions office (585-475-6736) and then to our office (585-475-2700). alternatively, you can fill outa visit form with our department here. this will allow us to coordinate with the admissions office and prepare for your arrival. you can find more info about visiting rit online.
during your visit to our department, you'll meet with one of our professional academic advisors, who will outline the curriculum and answer any questions you may have. you'll also have the opportunity to take a tour of our department facilities, led by one of our current student ambassadors. we can also arrange for you to meet other members of staff or faculty, including our department chair, academic coordinators, and degree program curriculum leads. just make sure to let us know who you want to meet before you visit! 







                                    how to apply
                            






interested?
if you think one of our programs is right for you, apply via the rit admissions website.







                                    orientation
                            






welcome to the school of information (ischool) orientation website! we are very excited for you to join the ischool community. throughout this site you will find an explanation of advising resources available to students in our degree programs, details regarding incoming credit, and departmental contact information. use them as a guide to help you transition into life in the ischool.
view orientation details





 
change of program - ug students


 




                                    switching majors out of ischool
                            






application process
if you wish to change your major to one outside of the ischool, your first step is to schedule an appointment with an advisor from the major you'd like to enter. they will be the best resource to help you decide if the major is right for you. they will also alert you to any additional materials you'll need to prepare in order to switch majors into their department. (for example, the ischool requires a written statement from all change of program applicants).
next, meet with your current academic advisor in ischool, and they will complete a change of program form with you. the form is then sent (along with your academic file) to your new department. your new department will then review all materials and make the final decision. you will be notified of this decision via email from your new department.







                                    switching majors into the ischool
                            






 
spring semester information sessions

change of program info sheet

attend one of our meetings

stay tuned for upcoming dates and details.

to request an interpreter, please go through access services.
application process
meet with your academic advisor in your current (home) department to complete a change of program registrar's form. you will need to submit a 1-2 page written statement that answers the following questions:

why are you applying to your chosen ischool major: cit, hcc, wmc?
what are your academic strengths and weaknesses?
what areas of computing are you passionate about?
what are your future goals and/or career interests?
why do you believe this major is the right fit for your future goals?

your completed application (registrar's form) & statement should be emailed by april 28th to snwics@rit.edu.
deadlines, dates & more

fall semester (2251) change of program deadline: monday, april 28th.
application will be reviewed after spring semester (2245) final grades are posted.
students will receive an email of our decision.
ischool course restrictions lift three weeks after enrollment begins - please place yourself on the wait list by setting up a swap.
the ischool reserves the right to deny a change of program application based on the above criteria, academic standing, or students' demonstrated ability to complete program requirements.
recommended cumulative & term gpa: 2.5 + in courses relevant to ischool.

suggested courses

gcis 123-15 computational problem solving in the information domain (all majors)
iste 140 web and mobile i (all majors)
math 131 discrete math (wmc and cit majors)
iste 230 intro to database & data modeling (wmc & cit majors).
nssa 102 computer system concepts (cit majors)
stat 145 intro to statistics i (hcc and cit majors)
psyc 101 intro to psychology (hcc major)

professor bogaard; ischool undergraduate program director
academic advisors: elisabeth foster, last names a-hi & hannah pruch, last names ho-z (all programs) 











 



industrial advisory board


 
the ischool industrial advisory board (iab) consists of a broad range of industry representatives. the board helps us stay current with industry trends, offering insight on everything from curriculum to teaching methods. our iab plays an integral role in helping us maintain a balanced, vibrant school.
learn more about the ischool industrial advisory board








 



directory


 












              ezgi siir
              kibris
            

                lecturer
              














              charles
              border
            

                associate professor
              














              sylvia
              perez-hardy
            

                associate professor
              











view school directory  











 



ischool openings


 
learn more about working in the school of information and view job openings >


































address and phone

									20 lomb memorial drive
									rochester, ny 14623-5608
									585-475-7203
								






sign up for our newsletter





sign up for our newsletter









footer main navigation
aboutoverviewleadershipaccreditationfacilitiesstudent clubsfaculty openingsstudent resourcescenters and institutesdiversity initiatives officenewsmakersnational councilnewsacademicsundergraduate degreesgraduate degrees and advanced certificatesminorsimmersionsdepartments and schoolsacademic advisingtutoring centeracademic supportdean’s lecture seriesaccess services and supportfirstbytecomputing and information sciences ph.d.visit campusexperiential learningadmissions and aidfacultyresearchkey research areasresearch newssearch people by areas of expertisecomputing and information sciences ph.d.esl global cybersecurity institutecontactaboutoverviewleadershipaccreditationfacilitiesstudent clubsfaculty openingsstudent resourcescenters and institutesdiversity initiatives officenewsmakersnational councilnewsadmissions and aidcontactacademicsundergraduate degreesgraduate degrees and advanced certificatesminorsimmersionsdepartments and schoolsacademic advisingtutoring centeracademic supportdean’s lecture seriesaccess services and supportfirstbytecomputing and information sciences ph.d.visit campusfacultyexperiential learningresearchkey research areasresearch newssearch people by areas of expertisecomputing and information sciences ph.d.esl global cybersecurity instituteaboutoverviewleadershipaccreditationfacilitiesstudent clubsfaculty openingsstudent resourcescenters and institutesdiversity initiatives officenewsmakersnational councilnewsfacultyacademicsundergraduate degreesgraduate degrees and advanced certificatesminorsimmersionsdepartments and schoolsacademic advisingtutoring centeracademic supportdean’s lecture seriesaccess services and supportfirstbytecomputing and information sciences ph.d.visit campusresearchkey research areasresearch newssearch people by areas of expertisecomputing and information sciences ph.d.esl global cybersecurity instituteexperiential learningcontactadmissions and aid















rit logo and full name (footer)








address and phone

					1 lomb memorial drive
					rochester, ny 14623
					585-475-2411
				

















































website feedback
sign up for rit news










about
academics
experiential learning
admissions and aid


research
rit life
athletics
news





				copyright © rochester institute of technology. all rights reserved.


land acknowledgment
nondiscrimination
disclaimer
emergency information
copyright infringement
accessibility
privacy statement












search rit

                    close  x











                this website uses cookies to provide better user experience and functionality. you can control and configure cookies in your web browser.
                cookie statement
                |
                how to disable cookies


ok
























