




des moines area mpo – transportation planning for central iowa






























 







skip to content



 close menu










 search for:



		search	


facebook
twitter
email
 




des moines area mpo transportation planning for central iowa



menu
 


events calendarpublic events, meetings, and training opportunities for members and public.
agendas & minutesaccess all mpo meeting agendas, minutes, and resources here.
public participationreview and comment on mpo regional plans and projects today.
 



about usget to know who we are
our workregional plans and projects
resourcesminutes, maps and more

agendas & minutes
data & maps
funding support
community services
translation services


updatesthe latest news and events

news
calendar


 





loading …




 

public asked to help decide which local transportation projects to fund 
residents of greater des moines are invited to share their opinions on which local transportation projects they would like to see receive funding from the des moines area metropolitan planning organization (mpo).







 

mpo seeks public input on safety projects 
the mpo wants your input on which safety projects should be pursued for grant funding. 







 

2024 annual report 
click here to find the fy2024 annual report of the des moines area metropolitan planning organization.







 

mpo announces project funding to advance regional goals 
the des moines area metropolitan planning organization (mpo) today announces more than $22 million in grant awards for 23 projects around greater des moines.









 
					previous slide				


 
					next slide				



go to a slide: "public asked to help decide which local transportation projects to fund"go to a slide: "mpo seeks public input on safety projects"go to a slide: "2024 annual report"go to a slide: "mpo announces project funding to advance regional goals" 



		your participation matters to us! get involved 




recent news 




 
public asked to help decide which local transportation projects to fund

 by gunnarfebruary 12, 2025february 12, 2025 


residents of greater des moines are invited to share their opinions on which local transportation projects they would like to see receive funding from the des moines area metropolitan planning organization (mpo).





 
mpo seeks public input on safety projects

 by gunnarfebruary 5, 2025february 12, 2025 


the mpo wants your input on which safety projects should be pursued for grant funding. 





 
public asked to pinpoint and prioritize safety improvements

 by gunnarseptember 27, 2024december 10, 2024 


the public is being asked to identify their top-priority safety improvements as part of the comprehensive safety action plan being developed by the des moines area metropolitan planning organization (mpo). 





 
public asked for feedback on long-range transportation plan

 by gunnarseptember 23, 2024february 12, 2025 


residents of greater des moines are invited to give their feedback on a draft update to the region’s long-range transportation plan, mobilizing tomorrow. 





 
now open: application window for carbon reduction program funding

 by gunnaraugust 30, 2024november 8, 2024 


applications are being accepted through september 27, 2024, for the carbon reduction program (crp), which provides flexible funding for projects reducing transportation-related carbon dioxide emissions.





 
public comment: title vi documentation

 by gunnaraugust 20, 2024september 11, 2024 


the des moines area metropolitan planning organization (mpo) seeks public input and comments on its title vi documentation now through sept. 4. 



to see a full list of recent posts, click here. 



never miss a thing! subscribe to mpo meetings & agendas 






translation servicesservicios de traducción
транслатион сервицес
prevoditeljske usluge
dịch vụ dịch thuật
翻译服务
службы перевода
usługi tłumaczące
خدمات الترجمة

popular linksabout us
our work
agendas & minutes
data & maps
news
calendar


title vi
the mpo receives federal funding and may not discriminate against anyone based on race, color, or national origin, according to title vi of the civil rights act of 1964. for more information or to obtain a title vi complaint form, click here.



des moines area metropolitan planning organization 420 watson powell jr. way, suite 200, des moines, ia 50309515-334-0075  *  info@dmampo.org
 






							2025							des moines area mpo						

							disclaimer: the mpo provides this website to increase public access to our information and services. the website is perpetually updated and may change without notice. while the mpo aims to provide up-to-date and accurate information, we make no guarantees. use of the information is the sole responsibility of the user.						


facebook
twitter
email
 



















