










rfj motorsports




























































 







contact uslogin 










home pageeternity trucksrfj cupjesus freakvictory indycarsrfj forumeternity trucksrfj cupjesus freakvictory indycarsmoreblogsearchfaqscontactnews feeds 






search ...  














rick ravon wins victory indycar race @ atlanta!

 
this is love: not that we loved god, but that he loved us and sent his son as an atoning sacrifice for our sins. 1 john 4:10
atlanta winner - rick ravon
top finishers: rick ravon, richard modrich, mark andersen, mike weisberg, and hart waschmann
join us next week when we head to pocono!

ross gage wins eternity truck race @ daytona!

 
if i speak in the tongues[a] of men or of angels, but do not have love, i am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal. if i have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if i have a faith that can move mountains, but do not have love, i am nothing. if i give all i possess to the poor and give over my body to hardship that i may boast, but do not have love, i gain nothing. 1 corinthians 13:1-3
daytona race winner - ross gage
top finishers: ross gage, daniel murphy, joe marks, mike weisberg, and mark andersen
join us next week when we head to daytona!
save

lee weatherford - rfj eternity trucks january 2025 champion!

 
eternity trucks jan. 2025 champion lee weatherford!
top 5: lee weatherford, joe marks, mike weisberg, mark andersen, and daniel murphy
we had a total of 14 drivers join us during the month! 

jasper van lienden - rfj victory indycar january 2025 champ!

 
 rfj victory indycar january 2025 champ - japer van lienden
top 5: jasper van lienden, mike weisberg, joe marks, mark andersen, and rick ravon
we had 12 drivers join us this month!


















        upcoming races    



monday 2/17
eternity truck series @ daytona
   |   
tuesday 2/18
rfj cup series @ daytona
   |   
saturday 2/22
rfj victory indycars @ pocono
   |   	






 














                        details                    

victory indycars 

 race recaps 



		08 february 2025	



					rick ravon wins victory indycar race @ road america!				

“you have heard that it was said, ‘love your neighbor and hate your enemy.’ but i tell you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, that you may be children of your father in heaven. he causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous. matthew 5:43-45
road america winner - rick ravon
top finishers: rick ravon, daniel murphy, joe marks, kevin merk, and mark andersen






                        details                    

eternity 

 race recaps 



		03 february 2025	



					joseph martin wins eternity truck race @ north wilkesboro!				

but i will sing of your strength, in the morning i will sing of your love; for you are my fortress, my refuge in times of trouble. psalm 59:16
n. wilkesboro race winner - joseph martin
top finishers: joseph martin, joe marks, mark andersen, and hart waschmann
save






                        details                    

victory indycars 

 race recaps 



		01 february 2025	



					daniel murphy wins victory indycar race @ indy!				

hear, o israel: the lord our god, the lord is one. love the lord your god with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength. deuteronomy 6:4-5
indy winner - daniel murphy
top finishers: daniel murphy, richard modrich, jasper van lienden, mark andersen, and hart waschmann






                        details                    

eternity 

 race recaps 



		20 january 2025	



					lee weatherford wins eternity truck race @ iowa!				

consider it pure joy, my brothers and sisters, whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance. james 1:2-3
iowa race winner - lee weatherford
top 5: lee weatherford, trent smith, mike weisberg, daniel murphy, and kenneth farmer
save





                    page 1 of 123                









1



            2        



            3        



            4        



            5        



            6        



            7        



            8        



            9        



            10        



 



 








verse of the day 





                        1 john 3:11





got jesus?

 
 


rfj membership

if you wish to join rfj and get access to our forums, please contact glenn papp at glenn@racingforjesus.com and he will set you up with an account


user login 




username








password


show password







                        remember me                    



log in




                    forgot your password?



                    forgot your username?





 



who's online

we have 179 guests and no members online



new members 

            davidconn        

            benfawcett        

            chrismann        

            ronaldlyons        

            davidcooke        



rfj forum latest 







 

my racing 
in jesus is lord / praise & prayer
by chrishoeg
1 day 5 hours ago






rfj facebook

 

rfj sim racing

 



rfj discord


racing for jesus

 



rfj images




in memory






next race


eternity truck series - 2/17


rfj event calendar 
    no iframes


top 10 series standings 
    no iframes



    no iframes



    no iframes



    no iframes



    no iframes








copyright © 2025 racing for jesus motorsports. template by hot joomla templates.

 




