








home - jane kirkpatrick








































 










skip to content








homeworksnews and eventsnews and eventsstory sparksstorytelling tipsaboutaboutbibliographyawards 




contactsubscribe 















home2023-08-20t21:48:52+00:00 
jane kirkpatrick
award-winning author and speaker





welcome“i like helping people from the distant past step from their generation into our own to teach and touch us with their lives.”—jane kirkpatrick
jane kirkpatrick is a new york times best-selling and award-winning author of over 40 books and numerous essays. her many historical novels, most based on the lives of actual people, speak of timeless themes of hardiness, faith, commitment, hope, and love.
her works have sold over 1.5 million copies, and have won literary awards such as the wrangler (national cowboy museum), willa literary (women writing the west), will rogers medallion (will rogers foundation), and the carol (american christian fiction writers).
0essays0titles0awards0msold“jane kirkpatrick never fails to take us away on unforgettable journeys. her carefully crafted layers of colors, textures, music . . . transport us to eras of history that we might otherwise miss. mollie and peter’s story is no different. what amazing lives they led! their resilience and love was a legacy that lives on–thanks to jane’s gifted storytelling!” — melody carlson, author of westward to home series
“another enthralling work of historical fiction inspired by real events. kirkpatrick’s portrayal of natalie’s fight for equality and cultural preservation will resonate with readers.” —publishers weekly
“kirkpatrick offers a powerful fictionalized version of the remarkable life of abigail scott duniway, a fierce advocate for women’s rights.”—booklist ** starred review**
we would love to hear from you!contactwagon painting courtesy of cindy pitts








close product quick view×


title
















 
 
toggle navigationhomeworksnews and eventsnews and eventsstory sparksstorytelling tipsaboutaboutbibliographyawardscontactsubscribe© copyright 2025 |   all rights reserved | jane kirkpatrick


 
 
page load link

 












 


go to top




