




































    chez alice family-style meals
  















              
 







    
 





         family-style meals to go  back in 2024!!
prepared monday through friday for the greater princeton area

with the opening of hopewell valley golf course and baron dillon grille, there are now 2 options! 
pre-order family-style dinner, serving approximately four people, or order off the restaurant menu. 
pick-up available at hvgc: 11am - 8pm monday - friday.

family-style meals  will be available cold with re-heating instructions for either pick-up or delivery in select areas, while
restaurant meals
will be for pick-up only and ready to consume.

order completely online via square following the links above. 

by selecting "baron dillon grille" there are immediate options available. (11am - 8pm)

use "harvest hospitality group" for family-style meals which require a pre-order by 4pm, 3 days in advance.
  
order online now








    tote bag pick up request
   free text
fill out the form below and we will reach out to schedule the pick up.

 name:

 email:

 phone:

 street

 city, state, zip

 free text
please do not leave the tote bags exposed to the elements.




thank you for contacting us!please note that same day orders will try to be fulfilled to the best of our ability but unfortunately can not be guaranteed. we will get back to you as soon as possible with an order confirmation. look for a second email with an invoice detailing your order(s) as well as options to make payments online. in an effort to keep everyone as safe as possible, we ask that all customers not interact with our staff members and any additional gratuities be added to the invoice and paid electronically.thanks for supporting small local businesses during this worldwide pandemic! oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.




      







 have a question about chez alice togo?e-mail us at meals@hhgofnj.c﻿om 










       


 looking for catering and event planning services?
please visit our main catering website at 
www.chezalicecatering.com



   
contact details   114 pennington hopewell roadhopewell, new jersey 08525609-737-1199     

 





 
newsletter subscribe to our newsletter for all the latest news.   

sign up now


 chez alice catering company is a division of harvest hospitality group  



















































































































  
  share by:










