







































	home - irish blood transfusion service



































accept covid cookie
current covid-19 measures

face masks: as a healthcare environment, medical-grade (surgical) face masks are mandatory and are available on clinic (only exception is if donor cannot wear a surgical mask for health reasons e.g. allergic to latex. in this case a clean reusable mask must be worn). ibts staff will be wearing masks throughout the process.
making an appointment is recommended to help us manage donor numbers
covid-19 symptoms: you can donate 7 days after having covid-19 once you are fully recovered and asymptomatic. you can now attend even if you have a mild residual cough. please call our donor helpline if you were seriously ill or hospitalized.
close contacts: you can donate if you are a covid contact once you are well and asymptomatic.
covid-19 vaccine/booster: you must wait 48 hours before donating after any hpra approved vaccination/booster, once you feel well and are asymptomatic.

more information here regarding covid-19 measures in place. thank you for your donation, your help and co-operation.





















search
menu
close





1800 731 137

about us
careers
media
reporting to nho
health professionals
contact us




1800 731 137

become a donorbackbecome a donor  overview
								  find a clinicnew donor eligibility quizregister your interest if no upcoming clinicscan i give bloodbefore attendingfaqsregular donorsbackregular donors  overview
								  regular donor eligibility quizfind a cliniccan i give bloodbefore attendingwhat is plasmafaqsplatelets donorsour platelet donation clinics are in dublin and cork. platelets are used in the treatment of cancer and leukemic patients, bone marrow transplant, new born babies and burns victims. the irish blood transfusion service provides life-saving platelets to all of the hospitals in ireland. due to the rising number of cancer diagnosis in the country, there is always a need for platelet donors. there are just 2,200 irish platelet donors and we are looking for new donors to join the panel.backplatelets donors  overview
								  what are platelets?why give life saving platelets?platelets donation processcan i give platelets?platelets eligibility quizbackplatelets eligibility quiz  overviewquestionsplatelets application formplatelet clinics opening timesplatelets faqsplatelets campaignsplatelet donation leafletpre donation questionnaireclinic platelet donation information leafletcommon reasons you may not be able to give plateletsplatelet recipient story - ayraplatelet recipient story - fiadhplatelet recipient story - garethbone marrow donorsfor more than 80 diseases and disorders, a stem cell transplant can be a treatment option. the irish unrelated bone marrow registry is determined to help patients find a life-saving unrelated donor. every person who registers gives a patient in need a better chance of finding their life-saving match. it is important to understand what is involved in the process, including the commitment required. find all the information you need here!backbone marrow donors  overview
								  what is bone marrow?why join the bone marrow registry?can i join the bone marrow registry?bone marrow donation processbone marrow faqssupporting usread about how local communities help us in our campaigns and partnerships to promote blood donation, and how you can also helpbacksupporting us  overview
								  how you can support usbackhow you can support us  overviewbloodworks ferry programmepromote your local clinicsports & leisure clubsbacksports & leisure clubs  overviewoisín's campaigngaa campaignfootball association of ireland get your school talkingencourage your employer to support a clinicdonor and recipient storieshow organisations support usbackhow organisations support us  overviewsse airtricityemergency services sports and leisure clubsškoda irelandmacravodafonefootball association of ireland refereesdonor and recipient storiescommunity support packcampaignswatch and read about our exciting national campaigns that put donors at the centre of promoting blood donation - because they know the incredible difference their actions make backcampaigns  overview
								  oisín's campaign - every drop counts - gaacalling donors of african ancestrylgbtqi+ blood donor informationmake a comebackwe count on youevery one countsbackevery one counts  overviewthe community gets togetherpatrickagatomlaurajohngrainne & sarahconorworld blood donor daybackworld blood donor day  overviewworld blood donor day 2022missing typebloody foreignersbackbloody foreigners  overviewbarnabaagatomaszteresaadamabout usbackabout us  overview
								  functions of the ibtshow to find uspeople and culturedonor charterpoliciesbackpolicies  overviewphotography on clinicsocial media ombudsman (amendment) act 2012prompt payment reportspurchase ordersgovernancebackgovernance  overviewcharities regulatorcareersbackcareers  overview
								  working with usmediathe media section of the site is divided into publications, such as ibts annual reports, strategic plans and other published reports and the newsroom, which includes press statements and board minutes grouped by year.  please note that the board minutes published here are subject to foi. backmedia  overview
								  newsroombacknewsroom  overviewfoipress releasesbackpress releases  overview2025202420232022202120202019201820172016201520142013201220112010200920082007200620052004200320022001board minutesbackboard minutes  overview202420232022202120202019201820172016 20152014201320122011board minutes 2002 - 2010backboard minutes 2002 - 2010  overview201020092008200720062005200420032002publicationsbackpublications  overviewannual reportsbackannual reports  overview2000 to 2010current strategic planbackcurrent strategic plan  overviewstrategic plansother documentsreporting to nhohealth professionalscontact usbook appointmentbook appointment×remember to give blood, you
must be well and healthy
have no symptoms of colds/covid in last 7 days
must not have had a tattoo/piercing in last 4 months
should check guidelines if you have been outside ireland in last 12 months, or been prescribed medication, or had medical treatment in last 6 months. even better take the quick reminder regular donor eligibility quiz 

please ensure you eat well and are hydrated before the clinic
please remember to cancel if you can’t make your appointmentbook appointment







  









search











ibts has issued an urgent appeal for blood donations, with supplies of o-, b-, and a- still very low. between the severe weather, high demand, and illness in our communities, we need about 12,000 additional donations in the coming weeks. more info here







regular donors can now book their appointment online


become a donoram i eligible?regular donorsbook an appointment












find a clinic
it is recommended you make an appointment to attend a clinic. walk in donors can be accepted for the next unfilled appointment slot if any are still available.





can i give blood
find information on giving blood and take our quick eligibility quiz





before attending
what to do before attending and what happens at clinic?





learn about blood
blood group basics, interesting facts, testing, what blood is used for










latest news

oisín's campaign - every drop counts - gaacalling donors of african heritagemany haemochromatosis patients can now become blood donors



6-day clinic calendar







sun

mon

tue

wed

thu

fri




view clinics in:




all
carlow
cavan
clare
cork
donegal
dublin
galway
kerry
kildare
kilkenny
laois
leitrim
limerick
longford
louth
mayo
meath
monaghan
roscommon
sligo
tipperary
waterford
westmeath
wexford
wicklow









clinics on
                    sunday 16 february 2025




clinics on
                    monday 17 february 2025
cork city blood donors, corkcork city blood donors, corkthurles, tipperaryd'olier street, dublinwaterford, waterfordbuncrana, donegalbalbriggan, dublinkanturk, corkgalway, galway



clinics on
                    tuesday 18 february 2025
cork city blood donors, corkstillorgan, dublinthurles, tipperaryd'olier street, dublinwaterford, waterfordbuncrana, donegalbuncrana, donegalbalbriggan, dublinkanturk, corkgalway city, galway



clinics on
                    wednesday 19 february 2025
cork city blood donors, corkballincollig, corkstillorgan, dublinthurles, tipperaryd'olier street, dublinwaterford, waterfordcarndonagh, donegalcarndonagh, donegalclones, monaghangalway city, galway



clinics on
                    thursday 20 february 2025
cork city blood donors, corkballincollig, corkstillorgan, dublinthurles, tipperaryd'olier street, dublinoldcastle, meathcarndonagh, donegalgalway city, galway



clinics on
                    friday 21 february 2025
d'olier street, dublin








current blood supply

days of each blood type remaining



6



o+




5



o-




7



a+




6



a-




10



b+




4



b-




11



ab+




9



ab-












plateletsour platelet donation clinics are in dublin and cork. platelets are used in the treatment of cancer and leukemic patients, bone marrow transplant, new born babies and burns victims. find more information about becoming a platelet donor here.bone marrowfor more than 80 diseases and disorders, a stem cell transplant can be a treatment option. the irish unrelated bone marrow registry is determined to help patients in find a life-saving unrelated donor. find more information about becoming a bone marrow donor here.






clinical servicesthe ibts offers a number of specialist services to hospitals throughout the country.careersclick here to learn how you can join our team.mediathe media section of the site is divided into publications and the newsroom.educationblood groups, how blood is used, the history of blood transfusion in ireland, and more.










imagine what your community could doconor is a family man in his fifties, working in insurance, and a member of several local sports clubscarrying on the family traditiongrainne and sarah are mother and daughter and both in the teaching profession with sarah currently studying to be a teacher.i want to keep on givingtaxi driver and father of 6, john has been a regular donor since he turned 18it's about making a differencelaura is 25 years old and a full time fire-fighter. she is also a rnli volunteer and sports enthusiast.once you are old enough, you should give bloodtom is a 19 years old engineering student and a keen rugby and gaa playerjoining a new communityaga is active in local life and is a member of the local theatre grouphow one community made a differencewatch how 7 donors decided to make a difference


































national blood centre, james's street, dublin 8, d08 nh5r
tel: 00 353 1 4322800   
fax: 00 353 1 4322930
rcn 20006280





foi
privacy
disclaimer
re-use of public sector information
manage your cookies




powered by ptools content management software













about cookies on this site
cookies and other technologies help ibts give you more relevant content and improve your experience using our site. they also help us understand what information is most useful to you on our site, in searches, and in ads on this and other sites. if that’s okay, click “enable all.” you can also limit what you share with us by clicking “personalise.” you can change your options at any time.


personalise
enable all





cookie settings

reject all
enable all
confirm my choice






general information


you are in control of your data.

you can control how the ibts website uses cookies and similar technologies by     
            making choices below. but note that if you disable cookies and similar technologies
            entirely, the ibts website may not function properly.



what are cookies and why does ibts use them?

cookies are small text files stored by your web browser when you use websites. these technologies help us do things like remembering you and your preferences when you return to our site, measure how you use the website, conduct market research, and gather information about the ads you see and interact with.



how do i make choices?

you can make choices in the menu below about what cookies and other technologies you want us to use on the ibts website when you visit them from this browser. you can always change those choices later by clicking on the cookie preferences link at the bottom of the page.







if enabled:

we can better keep track of your preferences 
we will better understand your likely interests so we can provide you more relevant giveblood.ie ads and content on non-ibts websites
it will help us improve the performance of our website



if disabled:

we won’t be able to remember you from session to session so the experience may not be tailored to your preferences
you’ll still have access to the content of the site but certain features that depend on cookies may not function
you’ll still see ads, they just may not be as relevant to you







strictly necessary
strictly necessary cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation. the website cannot function properly without these cookies, so they cannot be switched off. they can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.

cookie details





name


expires


purpose




asp.net_sessionid


session


asp.net_sessionid is a cookie which is used to identify the users session on the server. the session being an area on the server which can be used to store session state in between http requests.









always active





performance
performance cookies are used to analyse site usage and to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of the site. this includes which pages you visited and which links you clicked on.

cookie details





name


expires


purpose




ysc


session


registers a unique id to keep statistics of what videos from youtube the user has seen.




_ga


2 years


google analytics. tells us how you use our websites. used to ensure the website operates sufficiently for users.




_gat


1 minute


google analytics. helps stop google analytics web servers crashing when collecting information on how you use our websites. used to ensure the website operates sufficiently for users.




_gid


24 hours


google analytics. sets a unique (anonymous) id for your session to help tell us how you use our websites. used to ensure the website operates sufficiently for users.




___utmvc


session


this cookie enables the function of google analytics.




__utmz


6 months


stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site.




__utmb


30 minutes


used to determine new sessions/visits.




__utma


2 years


used to distinguish users and sessions.




__utmt


10 minutes


used to throttle request rate.








enable


enable




advertising
advertising cookies are used to enable ibts and our partners to serve ads more relevant to your interests. these cookies track your online activity to help us deliver more relevant advertising or to limit how many times you see an ad. without them you will still see ads, but they might not be as relevant to you.

cookie details





name


expires


purpose




_fbp


3 months


used by facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products.




gps


1 day


youtube cookies which registers a unique id on mobile devices to enable tracking based on geographical gps location.




ide


1 year


used by google doubleclick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.




visitor_info1_live


180 days


this cookie is set by youtube to keep track of user preferences for youtube videos embedded in sites; it can also determine whether the website visitor is using the new or old version of the youtube interface.




test_cookie


1 year


this cookie is set by doubleclick (which is owned by google) to determine if the website visitor's browser supports cookies.









enable


enable









