










	fundsoft
















































6810-104 street, edmonton alberta, t6h 2l6







support
1-801-506-0999



 
 
 










toggle navigation





home
end-of-day


metastock d/c
datalink



real time


metastock r/t
refinitiv xenith



upgrades
add-ons


addons
compatibility
clearance



data


refinitiv datalink
refinitiv xenith



training


unleash the power
videos



contact us


about fundsoft
support
fundsoft privacy






buy now

 
 










for real-time traders
				    

designed for the day trader, and powered by refinitiv xenithmetastock real time is a global leader in charting and analysis tools.


learn more 
subscribe now 








for end-of-day traders
				    

designed for the end-of-day trader, and powered by refinitiv datalinkmetastock daily charts gives you a complete charting and analysis toolbox.


learn more 
subscribe now 








real-time market data
				    

our latest analysis tool is more comprehensive, more intuitive and more collaborative than anything you've ever worked with.


learn more 
subscribe now 








end-of-day market data
				    

for traders who use end-of-day data, refinitiv datalink is the #1 choice for a reliable and robust data feed.


learn more 
subscribe now 



















technical analysis software and data


fundsoft provides access to the market's finest technical analysis software. we've been assisting investors since 1993, and we've seen a lot of software come and go. we make it a point to provide you with only the best technical analysis software available because we believe that with the right tools, you can make sound financial decisions.
for real-time or end-of-day analysis, we offer charting and analytic software packages. for example, we provide metastock, a 12-time winner of technical analysis of stocks and commodities magazine magazine's reader's choice awarded - which is available in both a real-time and end-of-day package.

 





metastock real time
metastock real time is specifically built for real-time traders that transact in real-time using intra-day data.  learn more





addons
enhance metastock's advanced analysis power with fantastic add-ons that provide more features.  learn more







metastock daily charts
metastock daily charts is intended for traders who conduct their analysis after the markets have closed.  learn more





data
for retail traders real-time data, xenith is used, and daily charts use datalink end-of-day data.  learn more



 
 
 

 







 


who we are
fundsoft has been providing end-of-day and real-time stock market data to the investment community since 1993. (such as datalink) and stock market technical analysis and charting software (such as metastock real time).  
					fundsoft will work with you to implement solutions to your information and computer needs, with expertise in data analysis, charting applications, and computing systems. fundsoft is your technology partner of choice, whether you are an individual investor looking to manage your investment portfolio or a financial company looking to use the latest in internet technology.

 
 







testimonials






what metastock is to me
steve k.


metastock is what i dreamed about in the 70's..





intelligent software
dr. trieber

"it's the most intelligent piece of software i have ever used."






technical support 
michale john (ceo & founder)


"i was completely blown away."

 

 
 
 




active trader or just learning? metastock real time helps you succeed
learn more 

 











fundsoft has been serving the investment community since 1993 and provides access to both end-of-day and real-time stock market data.
   780.430.6240
info@fundsoft.com







want to buy gold?
"dramatically cuts the costs for gold investors..." financial times

read this disclosure!



twitter feeds


tweets by fundsoft 




products

  real time analysis
  end of day analysis
  market data
  add-ons
  clearance products
  want to buy gold?


 

 


copyright ©  all rights reserved.    note: all prices are in usd
fundsoft information systems

 








 
 






















