the star pressnews sports opinion life advertise obituaries enewspaper legals  mary ransopher, indiana's oldest resident, dies at 112ex-guard at jay county jail pleads guilty to sex misconduct with inmatemuncie man arrested on child molesting, obstruction of justice chargeshicks: the end of dei and a call to actionmichael hicks  the crossword        obituaries        enewspaper        18 injured on delta plane that crashed in toronto will usps deliver mail on presidents day today? where does notre dame's hannah hidalgo rank among ncaa… are banks open on presidents day today? is the stock market open on presidents day? mary ransopher, indiana's oldest resident, dies at 112  ex-guard at jay county jail pleads guilty to sex misconduct with inmate  muncie man arrested on child molesting, obstruction of justice charges more in news vote for the star press iu health athlete of the week for feb. 10-15  college basketball rankings: big ten teams in new coaches, ap polls  the top six contenders to join the club of coaches with national title more in sports hicks: the end of dei and a call to action michael hicks  red-tail land conservancy: spreading love to all, not just charismatic fauna kendalynn ross  bygone muncie: the life of lazarus fletcher chris flook more in opinion powerball winning numbers for feb. 17 drawing: $183 million jackpot  'push back': see photos of anti-trump, musk protests sweeping nation  princess kate shares hand-drawn portraits by her and her children more in trending cariuma x star wars sneakers are on sale for $32 for a limited time only!  all-clad slashed up to $750 off cookware sets at this presidents day sale  dooney & bourke purses are on sale for less than $100 more in shoppingtake our survey!       vote every week       contests       more in contestspowerball winning numbers for monday, feb. 17, 2025 vote for the star press iu health athlete of the week for feb. 10-15 insider: ranking the 16 girls basketball semistate semifinals what channel is purdue basketball vs. michigan state on tuesday? expert prediction, rankings, odds everything you need to know about daylight saving timeabout us staff directory corrections careers accessibility support sitemap legals our ethical principles responsible disclosure subscription terms & conditions terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicescontact us support local businesses advertise your business buy and sell licensing & reprints help center subscriber guide manage account give feedbacksubscribe today newsletters mobile apps facebook x enewspaper archivesjobs cars homes classifieds education shopping 10best localiq digital marketing solutions© 2025 www.thestarpress.com. all rights reserved.