

ohio association of veterinary technicians - home page

































home







committees








continuing ed








discovery 2024








districts








downloads








employment








executive board







faqs






links







scrapbook








vet tech school








history








contact us












                                in care of the oavt
                                p.o. box 62
                                swanton, ohio 43558
                            





























ohio association of
veterinary technicians


















                    dedicated to promoting veterinary technicians and quality
                    animal healthcare through:
                    education, legislation and high ethical standards
                











the veterinary technician's oath



                                    i solemnly dedicate myself to aiding animals and

                                    society by providing excellent care and services for animals, by alleviating

                                    animal suffering, and by promoting public health.






                                    i accept my obligations to practice my profession conscientiously and with
                                    sensitivity, adhering to the profession's code of ethics, and furthering my knowledge and competence through
                                    a commitment to lifelong learning.
                                













up and coming oavt events


                                if you are looking for the organization's schedule of events,

                                then you've come to the right place. we are dedicated to making this (section

                                and website) a valuable resource when members are updating their personal

                                calendars. we have made every effort to provide you with access to useful and

                                accurate information. check back often as all posted information is subject to

                                change without notice.

                            









oavt discovery 2024


oavt discovery 2024 program
















we are on instagram now!
follow us on instagram















aspca pet health insurance


                                    click here to let aspca pet health insurance help you and your clients
                                

















                                shelter medicine


https://onlinesheltermedicine.vetmed.ufl.edu/


                                veterinary forensics


https://www.forensicscience.ufl.edu/veterinary/


                                wildlife forensics


https://wildlife.forensics.med.ufl.edu/
















we are on facebook now!
check out our facebook page.




















                                employers check out our new online classified ad

                                form

                            


                                "online website classified ad form"

                            

















online presider sign-up is now available! 

                                


what is a session presider?

                                    a session presider is an mvc attendee who serves as an "ambassador" to one or

                                    more speakers. presiders introduce the speakers of their selected sessions

                                    using an introduction prepared by the mvc staff and, in the event of a problem,

                                    assist in locating appropriate staff to resolve a/v equipment or room issues.

                                    

what are the benefits of becoming a presider?

                                    presiders are welcome and encouraged to join their speaker(s) for a

                                    complimentary lunch on the day(s) they preside. this is a great way to network

                                    with experts in your field! in addition, all session presiders will

                                    automatically be entered into a drawing to win a columbus sport package

                                    including four tickets to a columbus clippers baseball game.

                                    

how can i sign up?

                                    click 
                                        volunteer

                                     to select the sessions you'd like to preside over. only one

                                    presider is needed per session, so sign up early to make sure your desired

                                    sessions are still available!

                                

















                                cincinnati veterinary technicians association

                                (cvta)

                            


                                visit their website at: 
                                    www.cincyrvt.org

                                
















join the oavt board!

                            we are accepting nominations for president and secretary

                            
                                if you are interested in being a district representative or

                                joining the board please contact earl harrison by email: 
                                    earl.harrison@sbcglobal.net

                                .

                             

















it's time to renew your membership


new!!!   online membership application form


                                click here to submit your application online
                            


reminder


                                dues paid to the oavt is for membership to the oavt only and

                                does not mean technicians are registered with the state of ohio. you need to

                                contact the ovmlb (ohio veterinary medical licensing board) if you have any

                                questions about your status.

                                


                                    click here to access the ovmlb

                                    website

                                
















next board oavt meeting: 


                                tba
                            






                                members are invited to come to a board meeting if they would

                                like to find out more about oavt. the oavt consists of officers, board members,

                                and district representatives.

                            















proposed changes to oavt constitution:



                                    click here to open the oavt constitution document

                                



























                                © copyright 2023 ohio association of veterinary technicians • all rights

                                reserved













oavt discovery 2024


oavt discovery 2024 program










 


