





lectio – stories for curious people.




















































skip to the content




lectiostories for curious people.




 
menu
















close menu
 















categories



heather clitheroe, writer and editor










my work is a mix of science fiction and fantasy. speculative fiction is so often plot-driven, so i strive for stories that are as much about the concept is it is about character — the choices made, the sacrifices, the fears and hopes, the joys and losses.
i’m a phd student in english literature, researching science fiction’s uses for stem engagement and science literacy. i teach genre fiction (mystery, fanfic and franchise writing, science fiction, and fantasy) with the university of calgary continuing education’s creative writing certificate program as well as grant and funding proposal writing. i am also a past writer-in-residence at the banff centre for the arts. 
i’m available for critiques and developmental editing, resume and cover letter advice, and workshops. please contact me to discuss your ideas.
fiction
where they sleep, beneath ceaseless skies.sister martin of the stars, fusion fragmentbeneath the streets, fusion fragmentcomrades, beloved, kaleidotrope magazinecoaltown, genius loci, ragnarok publicationsdarcy’s law, geeky giving bundlewild things got to go free, beneath ceaseless skiesculpability, bartleby snopesdisciplinary action, strange constellationscuts both ways, lightspeed magazine: women destroy sfvictoria howard’s retirement party and other stories, kobo and amazon.gone sleeping. beneath ceaseless skies #77 and  the best of bcs, year threeforest-bathing, evolve 2bacillus anthracis, trachodon magazine an open letter to our valued clients,  awkward twoi bet i can find a million people who hate slab cakes, hobartvictoria howard’s retirement card, awkward presscome to me. evolve anthologythe trying times of herman sligo, the first linereplicate fade, kaleidotropetwo left hands, the first line
audio
cuts both ways, lightspeed, june 2014gone sleeping, beneath ceaseless skies #78
editing
heavy metal jupiters and other places – steam multi-issue zine collaboration with nexsci (nasa exoplanet science institute at caltech), 2020.
uncanny magazine, submissions editor (2004-present)
heartlines spec, submissions editor (2022-present)
open minds quarterly, submissions editor (2017)
workshops and community programming
calgary public library“teen writing cafe” (2021-2025)drop-in youth creative writing program offered semi-monthly through the calgary public library, ages 12-17.
“virtual writers’ circle” (2023-2025)drop-in adult creative writing program offered through the calgary public library, ages 18+.
“getting to proxima b” (2020)youth creative writing workshop (ages 12-17) offered in collaboration with university of calgary department of physics and astronomy.
“so you want to write sci fi” (2019)youth creative writing workshop (ages 12-17) offered in collaboration with university of calgary department of physics and astronomy.
telus sparkpresenter, “writing encounters of the deep space kind” (2023)invited speaker at telus spark after dark adult engagement event.
beakerheadpanelist, “the alien talk show”
nasa exoplanet science instituteco-editor and organizer, “heavy metal jupiters and other stories” (2020) in collaboration with the nexsci at california institute of technology, science fiction writers were matched with conference attendees to create short stories based on papers and abstracts presented. resulted in daily magazine distributed to attendees and published online (https://nexsci.caltech.edu/conferences/exodem/).

















about heather clitheroe works and writes in calgary, alberta, canada, in the treaty 7 region of southern alberta; also home to the métis nation of alberta, region 3. 

 

 for editing or review requests, please contact heather(at)lectio(dot)ca
all views and opinions are my own. thanks for reading!

 







©
							2025							lectio



								powered by wordpress							




							to the top ↑ 

							up ↑ 



















































































































































