

celtic harp music by jo morrison














port righ
 

harp musicclips
 

performances
 

repertoire
 

millenniumharp quest
 

recordings


books
 

bio
 

harp and bagpiperecording index
 

how to hirea harpist
 

links














latest news




celia's gift

jo wrote the tune "celia's gift" in honor of celia finestone.
click here
a free pdf of this tune.


this page also contains ordering info for sheet music for the tunes jo
played in her concert for the
somerset folk harp festival,
as well as pointers to info about her music books.











jo has started selling cards and magnets with her stunning photography.  these
may be found on  jo's zazzle
page.



















jo found a wonderful address by dr. karl paulnack that expresses exactly
why music is an essential part of our lives.



keep up with
jo on facebook.






 


drawing on her scottish heritage and on her experiences from several trips
to the british isles, jo morrison paints a vivid image of celticdom through
her performances.  using exciting, upbeat dance tunes and evocative,
emotional airs, jo touches the souls of her audiences.  described by music
critic pamela murray winters as having "the freshness and grace that first
gave celtic music its power," jo has the energy and enthusiasm to invigorate
any audience.
click here
for samples of her music;
click here
for jo's bio.




jo also performs with
port righ.
featuring celtic harp, bagpipes, vocals, and concertina, the distinctive
duo port righ passionately shares traditional celtic music with audiences.
they specialize in scottish music and have spent a great deal of time in
scotland absorbing the sights, sounds, and nuances of the culture, lending
authenticity to their unique sound.



jo has performed concerts at locations such as the an lanntair (stornoway,
scotland), library of congress, somerset harp festival, the smithsonian,
a concert
tour of norway,
the maryland renaissance festival, various scottish
festivals around the united states and also in scotland, ireland, and
germany.




jo's most recent recording is flights of fantasy.
this is an all-original recording filled with music inspired by family,
dear friends, scotland, the northern lights, mountains, waterfalls, and
dancing bison.  this recording features  celtic harp, but also includes
electric harp, and piano.  there are also three tracks with
port righ,
where the harp is joined with concertina and shuttle pipes.



jo has five nationally available recordings,
the three musics,
a waulking tour of scotland,
christmas gifts,
by request,
and
flights of fantasy,
all available through
mail order here.
jo's recordings are available through
melody's traditional music,
sylvia woods harp center,
and
amazon.com.
jo has also recorded a cd with her duo, port righ:
na bi gòrach.
all of these recordings are available online through the magic of
digital distribution.



several complete tracks from the three musics are now available.
see that album's page for mp3 links.



the washington area folk harp society's live recording of their 2000 benefit
concert, 
the song of the selkie, is also available for sale.  this recording
features a new folk tale as told by scottish story heather yule, and
performances by sixteen harpers from the society.
"... [this cd] is a way to return to that childhood sense of wonder and
delight over something seemingly magical..."
naomi de bruyn, green man review
"the song of the selkie is destined to be a family favorite."  donna scanlon, rambles



contact information

jo is available for any type of event, including weddings, funerals, corporate
parties, anniversaries, and private functions. she gives scholarly lectures on
the history, folklore, and music of the celtic harp.  she also gives celtic
harp lessons both privately and at workshops.
for bookings, you may contact her at 
harp@triharpskel.com or 410-875-0855.





https://www.triharpskel.com
this web page is copyright ©2024 by jo morrison.
all rights reserved.




"triharpskel" and "triharpskel productions" are trademarks of jo morrison.





