





heart realty – experienced. knowledgeable. dedicated.














































skip to content








 


























 




							423-837-5478						














 




							1292 main street 
kimball, tn 37347						




















home
search listings
meet the team
contact us
 

 menu


home
search listings
meet the team
contact us
 















 












welcome home. 



we invite you to join our community, beautiful marion county located in the stunning sequatchie valley. 



we invite you to join our community, beautiful marion county located in the stunning sequatchie valley. 


















a dedicated team working for you 



heart realty has been serving the marion county, southeast tennessee, and the sequatchie valley since 1995.  we have a passion for excellence and do whatever it takes to achieve it! when you want the best, put louise and her team to work for you. 







 
meet the team











 











 







find the perfect home 



we will do whatever it takes to find the perfect home for you! we do our job with integrity, honor, and genuine concern for the people we serve. we go the extra mile to anticipate our clients’ needs. 







 
search listings















community and natural beauty  



geographically positioned in a prime location between nashville and chattanooga and adjacent to two states – georgia and alabama – marion county and the sequatchie valley offers scenic beauty, business, education, and industry – all working together in harmony to create an important part of our cultural heritage. our area is a perfect place to live, work and raise a family. 







 
learn about marion county











 

















heather fletcher read more 


						carolyn henry is awesome! there every step of the way. sold the house in 25 days! with us through closing and after! i highly recommend!					






wilson kathy read more 


						love this real estate office they will help you in any way they can.					






alexandra payne read more 


						sweet people, friendly service.					






ron dunn read more 


						great group of realtors, they try hard to meet the needs of their clients.					


















fall in love with beautiful marion county 






 
business



 
education 



 
industry



 
scenic beauty



 
popular attractions

















heart realty, inc., welcomes you to our area. let us introduce you to some of the most popular attractions in the southeast – the fall color cruise, ketner’s mill fair and the national cornbread festival. our area is surrounded by mountains, lakes, and rivers where folks can relax and enjoy the natural scenery.geographically positioned in a prime location between nashville and chattanooga and adjacent to two states – georgia and alabama – marion county and the sequatchie valley offers scenic beauty, business, education, and industry – all working together in harmony to create an important part of our cultural heritage. our area is a perfect place to live, work and raise a family.heart realty, inc., was established in 1995 in kimball, tn. we are members of the chattanooga association of realtors, tennessee association of realtors and the national association of realtors. 






























































						ready to make a move? 					

						search homes available in our area.  please call if you have any questions.  we would love to hear from you! 
423-837-5478					


						search listings					
















 




copyright © 2021 heart realty- all rights reserved 







pagescontact usmeet the teamhome 














tn license #255091  



realtor® -- a registered collective membership mark that identifies a real estate professional who is a member of the national association of realtors® and subscribes to its strict code of ethics. inquiries regarding the code of ethics should be directed to the board in which a realtor® holds membership. 


























