


beautiful genuine sea glass jewelry,  beach glass jewelry and island jewelry!     


















 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

returnhome
aboutus
on-linecatalog
paymentform
contactus
thestory of seaglass
faqpage
linkspage
wholesaleinformation














 
 
 


 

...elegance and grace from the sea!... 
~jersey shore greetings & ~happy easter!~ from american craft works.com! home of gorgeous "genuine"~sea glass jewelry~~beach glass jewelry~  island jewelry & much, much more to come!!

thank you for visiting us!

welcome to americancraftworks.com, your friendly online genuine beach glass jewelry, seaglass jewelry and island jewelry store! we want you to enjoy the time you spend here---each and every time you visit!

we offer an array of beautiful genuine seaglass jewelry and beachglass jewelry along with tropical island jewelry with awesome swarovski crystals and czech glass beads on an assortment of chains & settings including sterling silver and 14k gold filled all at incredible wholesale prices! we pride ourselves on both our very personable service as well as the lovely products we carry!

if you love the beach and genuine sea glass jewelry then you're just a click away from beautiful jewelry at amazing prices! guaranteed! enjoy my site!
 


......check out my brand new website...... seaglass dreams just click here!
you'll be glad you did!!






we gladly accept paypal and we're verified! 
 to join just click on the seal! it's fast and easy! 

 new and a great price!! antique gold sand dollar and swarovski blue zircon bicone crystal island necklace! this necklace is also available in sterling silver with 2 gorgeous austrian aqua blue crystals!!just click the pic!                      my brand new "ebay store" is now open for business! i'm stocking my shelves with my sea glass jewelry at an even greater savings to you! please click here to have a look!                                       ...this week's special!... just $24.00!!! compare elsewhere for $60.00 or much more!! the earrings in the above pics were sold but yours will be similar in style, but genuine seaglass is unique and each pair will differ in shape but guaranteed to be just as beautiful!! new!! 5 pair available!! genuine eternal (cobalt) blue seaglass from puerto rico!! this is an awesome price! "very rare" genuine cobalt blue sea glass sterling silver earrings....our price..just $24.00 a pair! compare at $60.00 or more elsewhere!! you haven't seen anything like these beauties, and you'll only find them here at this incredible price!!these beautiful blue gems were found in puerto rico & are a "very rare" color of genuine caribbean sea glass!! these sea glass pieces are flawless in design and a very pretty shade of cobalt blue! their all designer wrapped with a pretty swirl in .925 sterling silver wire and hang on gleaming sterling silver shepard's hook ear wires! they measure about an inch to a little over an inch in length & are spectacular! most cobalt/sapphire blue seaglass originate from old bromo seltzer, vick's vapor rub, milk of magnesia & noxema jars & bottles! an unbelievable price for "very rare" sea glass earrings! get yours now while their still available!click on picture for larger image 











     

 



seaglass jewelry






island jewelry






usa bracelet




free javascripts provided
by the javascript source

  we offer the best prices for "genuine" sea glass jewelry on the internet! choose from beautiful pendants-bracelets & anklets & lovely necklaces, earrings & pins! all made from "genuine" sea glass & beach glass from the jersey shore & carribbean islands!! we are continually adding new & exciting jewelry designs so keep coming back!and don't miss out on our "island jewelry" which offers bracelets,earrings,necklaces and more made from czech crystals & beads in an array of tropical themes & caribbean colors!

join the american craft works mailing list 
email:





join our mailing list for a monthly newsletter on sales, new items & special marked down prices only available to subscribers!!     ..please select a category below..  ~genuine sea glass jewelry~ 

necklaces1 
 bracelets
necklaces2 
earrings 
pins 
sets 
sale items!  

~island jewelry~ 

island necklaces 

 island bracelets 
island anklets 
island earrings 
usa bracelet 

 ~important links~

home
 ordering info 
payment form  
about us 
contact us 
faq's 
raffle




about seaglass
 add url 
links 
banners  
more banners 
guestbook 

   what our customers are saying!
this is the place to go for quality sea glass. so happy with everything! be blessed.......janice b. from ohiolove it, beautiful ,put it on immediately ,worth the money and more thanks!.......kathleen f. from virginiaone word……. amazing!!  each necklace is exquisite and just what i was hoping for.  i can’t wait to give them to my bridesmaids!.......marie c. from n.carolina   we here at american craft works would like to greet you personally! just click on about us to start your tour. for ordering information please click on online catalog . our monthly "give-away" drawing!
"enter our monthly drawing for a beautifully hand crafted pair of "island earrings of your choice"!to enter simply send us an e-mail  with "monthly give-away entry" in the subject line.please include your name so we can notify you if you're the lucky winner!! please  click here    for details.                we are a proud member of paypal and we're "verified"! "the way to send and receive money online"! join now, its fast and easy!        

  

 | return home | about us | on-line catalog | payment form | contact us | the story of seaglass | faq page | links page | wholesale information | 
		

 


 
 
 




copyright © 2015, americancraftworks c/o nick donofrio.
				all rights reserved.


