



edinburgh leisure














































toggle navigation














ask us
venues
activities
coaching
join us
book now
careers
support us
facility hire

search
















venues








activities








book now








join us









support us







active communities







blog







holiday camps
























 








 








 








 








 




  previous 
  next 














 







 







 







 







 




  previous 
  next 











gym







swimming







fitness classes







golf







coaching and courses







clip 'n climb







february holidays







play and try week






view all activities  
















our venueswherever you are, there's an edinburgh leisure venue near you.you'll find us conveniently placed at over 30 locations across the city with a variety of opening hours providing you choice and flexibility to help fit us into your schedule from home or work. there's something for everyone at the biggest club in town. 

our venueswherever you are, there's an edinburgh leisure venue near you.you'll find us conveniently placed at over 30 locations across the city with a variety of opening hours providing you choice and flexibility to help fit us into your schedule from home or work. there's something for everyone at the biggest club in town. 









latest news
make a splash: edinburgh's premier diving programme expands
thursday 6th february 2025, 06:05
from olympic aspirations to first-time divers, edinburgh leisure is expanding its prestigious diving programme at the royal commonwealth pool. with 120 new spaces available from february 22nd, this marks an exciting return to pre-pandemic capacity and beyond.
jumpstart your child's fitness journey: edinburgh leisure's taster week for under 5s
wednesday 5th february 2025, 08:00
encourage your pre-school child to get active from an early age by signing up for play & try coached activities. as the largest provider of sport and leisure facilities across the city, edinburgh leisure is well-placed to encourage your child to reach their full potential, help them build confidence, learn skills, and meet friends.

edinburgh leisure is offering a taster week from 17th february – 21st february where new and existing customers can come and try coached activities for under 5s for £3.00 per session. 











 






who we are
support us
careers
volunteer
hire our facilities
ask us




sitemap
privacy notice
blog
terms & conditions
freedom of information
cookies




supported by





 




© 2025 edinburgh leisureregistered office: meadowbank sports centre, london road, edinburgh, eh7 6ae.
						tel: 0131 458 2100
						registered scottish charity no: sc027450 | vat reg. no: 703 7623 49
						company reg. no: sc179259










 





×

						{modaltitle}
					


					{modalbody}
				

close 










					...
				

close 





privacy settings 

any website will use types of information gathering tools, for example cookies, to function. these are mostly used to make the site work for you and do not usually directly identify you, but they can give you a more personalised web experience. you can choose not to allow some types of tools however this may impact your experience of the site.




essential needed to use our website


these are necessary for the website to function. they are usually set to enable a response to actions made by you for example requests for services such as logging in, filling in forms or paying for something. this includes third-party services specifically google maps, recaptcha, sagepay and paypal. 






other third-party to enhance your experience


this is based on uniquely identifying your browser and device. it may be used to build a profile and collect information about your visits. if you do not allow this you'll not be able to see our social media feeds and you will experience less targeted advertising. this category includes for example facebook pixels, other social media feeds and google analytics.







accept all
reject all




these settings will be stored in a cookie on your device.  to find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.














