




welcome | waterkloof guest house
















































































 skip to main content skip to footerwaterkloof guest house

menuhomethe homesteadthe farmthe roomsblushing bridelantern heathtortoise berryshepherd’s delight closeratescuisinereservationsattractionscontact

welcome
 









be our guestenquire now 

 

 














									 welcome to waterkloof guesthouse								



 



your hosts, hannes and christine, invite you to come and experience their warm breed of hospitality and charming home.waterkloof guesthouse, the longest established guest house in the area, is on a free range ostrich farm situated in the scenic vastness of the southern cape, near swellendam and heidelberg. waterkloof is arguably one of the finest commercial farms in the heidelberg district and has been in the family for seven generations. 

















the farm






the homestead






the rooms



 











									what our guests say …								


















simply awesome! thank you christine and hannes for the hospitality and warmth!



jj jennifer morf



















just a perfect place & hospitality!




marcel toonen



















perfect place, perfect people, perfect food, perfect guesthouse and last but not least a perfect holiday location.



arjen landman



















lovely hosts, great accommodation, we had a brilliant time there! if you get the chance, go collecting the ostrich eggs, what a wonderful experience that is!



mahmoud nahawandi



















beautiful place, very friendly hosts. we only stopped by for a short time by the reception was very welcoming. hope to come again for a longer stay, some time in the future...



andien goense-bal









 











									ostrich products								



 



 



									guests have the opportunity to buy a variety of products from the indoor shop, for example ostrich egg candles, ostrich leather belts, hand bags, wallets etc. these products are unique in the sense …								






read more










footercontact us
 










 
info@waterkloofguesthouse.co.za




 
+27 83 270 2348 (hannes)



 
+27 83 709 0511 (christine)










aa quality assured

home
the homestead
the farm
the rooms
rates
cuisine
reservations
attractions
contact
© 2014. waterkloof guest house all rights reserved. website by terri love designs 







 



									please note:								



									minimum of 2 nights stay								






enquire now




























































