






real mind control power | absolute destiny control






































home
catalogue
guides and tutorials

mind power
mind machines
mind success


xpsionics

ultrapsionics
xtremecaster
dark psionics


vip free stuff

specials

free talismans

environmental tower of light
persuasion talisman
love magick[dark]
gambling magick
the zonabra
mental magic pdf


secret videos

video: sexual tension 2
video: sexual power
video: mind power
video: raise kundalini
video: kundalini yoga


be an airbender
full kundalini rising
warning: mind lab
100%sports betting wins
manifestation miracle
the $3000 a day secret


free reiki
free banned ebooks
chi energy mp3 free downloads
deep discounts
legacy mp3 downloads


forums

facebook forum
instagram xtrememind
twitter xtrememind
facebook official


about us

contact xtrememind
advertise
frequently asked questions
privacy and tos
privacy policy


affiliates
 





select page


  
 



 



 
















secrets of the mk ultra program
banned tools for mind control

mind toolsforbidden techniques












valentine’s day metaphysical magic: ignite love & attraction! limited time offer!

this valentine’s, unlock the transformative power of metaphysical energy tools and healing mp3s—all at unbeatable discounts! whether you’re looking to enhance your own energy or attract the love you deserve, we’ve got the tools you need to manifest your desires.
✨ special 30% off on all metaphysical energy tools and healing mp3s! ✨** plus!**40% off exclusive seduction & attraction mp3s + audio talismans – only at our newly opened patreon shop!
what’s waiting for you:


seduction & attraction mp3s – use sound frequency to magnetize love, abundance, and irresistible energy.


audio talismans – powerful sound codes to attract romance and deepen your connections.


metaphysical tools – convert any file to ats for amplifying energy and personal transformation.


also enjoy 30% off at our partner shops:


etsy store featuring products from seductionmagicflow.com


xtrememind.com for your personal empowerment needs.


limited-time offer: treat yourself or a loved one to an ultimate energetic boost this valentine’s season. tap into your highest potential and let the universe bring love, passion, and success into your life.
shop now & activate your magic ✨links and codes:


xtrememind’s discount at etsy is automatic: https://www.etsy.com/shop/healingtools4you


discount code at patreon’s shop: 765e6


monthly and annual membership via patreon: 09a3c









years running






partners






psionic creations





%
satisfaction
















unlock the hidden potential of your mind and take control of your destiny with real mind control power. 
 
discover the secrets of absolute destiny control and gain the power to shape your future. 
 
with our cutting-edge techniques and proven methods, you can tap into the limitless possibilities of your mind. 
 
join our community of like-minded individuals and explore the realms of full xm spells, virtual psionic devices and high magic. 
 
experience the satisfaction of unlocking your true potential and manifesting your desires. 
 
don’t settle for mediocrity, unleash your mind’s true power with real mind control power.

announcement



xtrememind is a merger with smf & ht4y and no longer with exceed global.
smf (seductionmagicflow.com) and ht4y (healingtools4you.com)
you can contact us via this site
 












learn the deepest secrets of mind power developed by the mk ultra program


what's in it for youfree mind power stuffmind software



master  mind power techniques and you master your stars. the mind is the most powerful computer in the world and capable of things not even your most lucid of dreams can fathom. imagine being able to:

get a girlfriend with  black ops hypnosis messaging: have your way all the time.
control the weather with free magic spells and increase local rainfall
move chi energy with your mind control earth wind or fire with energy bending secrets
use mind control on the most resistant of bosses to influence key corporate decisions
access the astral planes at the snap of a finger. imagine the mind control stories you will weave.
wield cosmic forces to unleash the true affluence power of the law of attraction
create mind machines so awesome that friends will tremble in fear.

this site covers vast mind control techniques and technologies taken from the mk ultra program of the us government. theory is briefly explained and bolstered with hard core mind power applications. you will find no fluff in this community. are you ready to change your stars? let’s start with your mind. it’s time for a neural and spiritual upgrade to freedom.
 

 
can’t wait to dive right in? grab some of the world’s best energy mp3s and mind control cds right here for free. we carry everything from subliminals, energy music and even environmental healing tones. mosey over to the free banned books section and amaze yourself at mind control tactics hidden by the world governments – including the mk ultra.  there’s more. treat yourself to secret spells that cost nothing at this download page.
this is more than a mere brainwashing or silva mind control site.
 

it’s been proven and tested: you can warp reality to your whims with mind power software. grab it right here. we’re the only ones to develop reality altering software that works on the android phone. this goes beyond hypnosis. this is real quantum mechanics.
 






ritual magic

30%
30%


psionic tools

30%
30%


others

45%
45%






















control destiny for real




occult tactics

learn 2000 year old arcane methods of remote influence over matter and energy.  here’s a sample. you can even induce tantric orgasms remotely with this method! yes, the scientists of the mk ultra program had a lot of fun






mind machines

yes- you can influence events with secret mind machines – even mere drawings. learn how






wish casters
software is the latest rage for remote influence. did you know you can make it rain, you can heal and you kill debilitate with software? 






high magic forum

learn from a community of mind masters.  we have built four forms and one reddit community. join us. click here.


















try this mind power experiment: close your eyes. breathe deeply and slowly. touch your tongue to the top of your palate and close your thumbs and index fingers to create the ok sign. transfer your awareness to both your navel and the center of the earth. eventually the energy will rise through you. you will feel your entire body throb with energy. store the energy into your chest. look at the sky and cast the life force at the clouds. fill with rage. the clouds will melt. there’s a lot more you can do with this mind controlled energy. one dark secret? it can kill. learn how.




how to control minds with words
 leery of energy mind control? then try nlp instead. conversational hypnosis can sway events to your desires. learn one killer technique here. 

how to unleash brain power
 a little known area of the brain called the amygdala can awaken latent esp power. learn more here. 

how to get rich with chants
 the entire universe is frequency. certain sound streams can heal. some can destroy. others can even make your wealthy. learn about the 2000 year old secret chant… shreem brzee – and become a very rich man. 













i’m a beat reporter for one of the biggest news agencies in the world. your free tutorials really enabled me to get out of my shell and make things happen… almost like a miracle!
maria l.
cnn






i’ve read this blog since 1999. i’m impressed at the weird stuff here- and they all work like bonkers
ethan k.







just one thing. psychic seduction. that’s all i needed to know from you guys and my life changed.
mario p 











don't be shyare you ready to learn all the secret technologies of the mk ultra? this is the review site for everything pertaining to mind control, psionics, energy manipulation, hypnotic influence and quantum entanglement. much of the information here is free. drop us a line anytime, and you’ll get a response. oh- and join our mind power forum. we’ll blow you away!
 
email



 














facebook




x




instagram




rss


 




















we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok




