








tribology | market leaders in tribology testing - pcs instruments
























 














 

















about

meet the team
pcslife stories
the pcs wellbeing programme


industries

lubricants
powertrain
fuels
transport
automotive
industrial
green tribology
bio medical
lifestyle
food and beverage


instruments

mpr gi
etm
usv
mtm
mpr
hfrr
ehd
abssl
abs
ehd-hs
mtm-ec
hpr


accessories
insights

news
articles
client stories


resources

papers
tools
the pcs instruments app
the ingram roots lubricity rating system (irlrs)
tribology ebook


contact us




t: +44 (0)20 8600 9920 
								e: info@pcs-instruments.com







 





leaders in tribology test equipment

						designing and manufacturing equipment for the testing of fuels and lubricants.
					

























 



why pcs instruments are leaders in tribology
at pcs instruments, we have been at the forefront of tribology innovation for over three decades, providing cutting-edge testing solutions for friction, wear, and lubrication across a variety of industries. as specialists in tribological research, we understand its critical role in the efficiency and durability of mechanical systems across a wide range of applications.
our comprehensive range of high-precision instruments is trusted by researchers and industries worldwide. each of our instruments are designed to simulate real-world conditions and we set globally recognised tribology standards, ensuring that our customers receive the most accurate and relevant data for their specific applications. from the nano-scale to large-scale tribological systems, pcs instruments provides tailored solutions to support a wide range of research and development projects.
in addition to our advanced equipment, pcs instruments takes pride in contributing to the development and upholding of tribology standards astm, iso and cen. these standards are crucial for ensuring reliability, consistency, and safety in testing, helping our partners meet industry regulations and produce the highest quality products.
our commitment to excellence doesn’t stop at the equipment we produce. at pcs, we work closely with our partners to provide tailored support and guidance, helping our clients overcome complex tribological challenges and optimise performance. by staying at the cutting edge of tribological advancements, we not only help companies improve their products but also contribute to the development of greener, more efficient technologies.



click here to contact us
download product booklet








highlights





hfrr
the hfrr is the industry leader in diesel fuel lubricity analysis, and is the only instrument specified in iso 12156, astm d6079, and astm d7688. with advanced environmental control, updated software, and a compact, user-friendly design, this next-generation hfrr continues its legacy of excellence in fuels and lubricants testing.
read more






mpr gi
the mpr gi accessory for the mpr guarantees accurate, repeatable grease delivery during testing, combating starvation issues and improving real-world performance predictions. seamlessly integrating with mpr software, it enhances the reliability of fatigue behaviour tests for greases, offering controlled and customisable testing conditions
read more






tribologytalks podcast
tribologytalks is our new podcast series, and your guide to the world of tribology. our podcast explores the basics of friction, wear, and lubrication, and delves into the latest research and industry applications. we’re here to make tribology accessible and engaging for everyone. join us as we chat with experts, share insights, and delve into the fascinating dynamics of surface interactions.
read more








client stories















dr. sarah crossland

										independent researcher
									

read story



pourya parsaeian

										senior technologist and project manager
									

read story



mao ueda

										project leader, driveline oil
									

read story



dr. peter lee

										institute engineer & chief tribologist
									

read story



parker lamascus

										doctoral candidate, university of pennsylvania
									

read story



anant kolekar

										chief scientist & tribologist
									

read story



jie zhang

										postdoctoral researcher
									

read story










our services





a highly qualified workforce in a range of technical disciplines, specialising in tribology and so providing you with access to unparalleled expert analysis on results.






fast, helpful customer service and support are available, ensuring all our customers have instant access to required information and services.





trained engineers offer a range of services including onsite installation and training, preventative maintenance and recalibration of instruments and parts.







speak to us about our products

get in touch






industries our products serve






lubricants






powertrain






fuels






transport






automotive






industrial






green tribology






biomedical






lifestyle






food and beverage









keep up with our latest news and events by following our linkedin company page. 












latest news & articles







				article
							








the impact of hydrogen combustion on engine durability
12 dec 2024
hydrogen is emerging as a key player in the shift toward cleaner energy. once limited to industrial applications and space …
read more








				article
							








investigating the link between friction and astringency in coffee beverages
26 nov 2024
kieran nar and eleanor barrett november 2024 introduction according to the british coffee association, coffee is the most popular drink worldwide, …
read more








				article
							








the role of lubricants in modern tribology
06 nov 2024
the lubrication industry is undergoing a transformation. increasing operational demands, environmental pressures, and the rapid evolution of technology are converging …
read more










sign up here for our newsletter - tribology matters
stay ahead with pcs instruments. subscribe now for exclusive insights, expert tips, industry news, and access to the latest papers and studies. don't miss out - join our community today!































t: +44 (0)20 8600 9920  e: info@pcs-instruments.com



download certificate






©2024 pcs instruments. all rights reserved.

home
privacy & cookies
terms
contact
sitemap



















 

