


slave pit inc













 




















 





 









































 





 





 




















 













 

 



 









the slave pit is active again 
january 8, 2005 




posted by webmaster @8:30pm est
gwar art show this month
come see the art of gwar at artspace in richmond, va from january 27 - february 19. for those that attended the art show in nyc, this will be a similar event showcasing 20 years of art from the slave pit inc. artists. the opening reception will be held on january, 27 from 7:00pm till 10:00pm. where many of the artists will be in attendance. 
for more information visit the artspace website 
check out chuckvarga.com
chuck varga, one of the founders of the slave pit, has a new website available. the website is more of an online resume but also provides interesting information about the man known as sexicutioner on-stage. chuck brought a lot of talent and entertainment to slave pit inc. and gwar and now resides in nyc where he works as a special effects technician. 
bobgorman.com is up and running 
bob gorman's new website is now online. it's been sitting idle for quite a while but bob is a busy guy of course, which is prevalent by the plethora of items displayed on his website. bob shows off his work on bicycles, mopar toys, illustrations, as well as a couple infamous gwar props. 
more new items to come soon, as gwar is now off  tour. we hope to add a few new pictures to the site as well as a general update. maybe one of these days we'll offer some merchandise to sell for those interested in prints or other various slave pit inc items. would you like to see some 
if there's something you'd like to see or learn about the slave pit, email webmaster at slavepitinc.com 





gwar figurines 
april 8, 2005 




posted by webmaster @ 7:00pm est
don drakulich aka sleazy p. martini, brings forth his latest sculptures in the form of gwar figures. these are a definite must for the hardcore gwar collector. don is selling these primarily through ebay currently, so keep your mouse pointed in that direction. as of right now there are none for sale but keep an eye out for when more are made. some people have already gotten their hands on these great little collectibles. 
for those interested, don specializes in scuplture, video production, and costume fabrication through his company hypereal productions. visit his profile or his website for more information. 
high-resolution pictures of the figurines may be found below (opens a new window)
balsac - beefcake - flattus - jizmak - oderus 





davisbradley.com goes live 
october 11, 2004 




posted by webmaster @ 3:26am est
adult swim honored davis bradley opens his new website to the public. he showcases most of the projects that he's had a hand in over the years, both with and without gwar. head over to davisbradley.com and check out his work. 






davis is honored on adult swim (again) and mensrea opens for gwar 
october 4, 2004 




posted by webmaster @ 11:30pm est
davis bradley is back at it again with another sculpture presented to cartoon network's adult swim. this time a sculpture for sealab 2021, davis captures the essence of the barbobot. keep an eye out for the sculpture shown before sealab airs. soon davis will be opening his own website showing off the finer details of his cynical nature as well as some artwork that he's conjured up over the past years




 
                  in other news, mensrea gains an opening spot for the upcoming gwar tour. there are only five of these shows, so check the tour info page for the locations, and be sure to check these guys out! all other information concerning the gwar tour and the upcoming "war party" cd release can be found on gwar.net.





gorman 
                  takes on chewonthis magazine
august 
                  17, 2004




posted by webmaster 
                  @ 4:30am est

bob gorman is interviewed in a well done pop-culture style 
                    mag based in richmond, va, called chew 
                    on this. bob offers some thoughts on his role in gwar 
                    and the editors offer some thought provoking photos of cute 
                    women with scary monsters. all-in-all an interesting 3-page 
                    read for those with a short attention span.

 "we argue a bit but what it comes 
                    down to ultimately is a compromise. everything is a compromise; 
                    even working at mcdonalds there are compromises. this is less 
                    of a compromise. i’ve done plenty of other jobs outside of 
                    gwar, but i keep coming back because it’s how people know 
                    me. when people see my art, they know it because they’ve seen 
                    it in concert, on t-shirts, and in comic books. it’s the coolest 
                    thing i’ve done and i’m very aware of that. i love it."
if you're local to richmond feel free to snag a copy, or 
                    for the non-local and computer savvy there is an adobe acrobat 
                    version 
                    (4 mb .pdf) and an i-pod version 
                    (34 kb .sit) available for download from their website. 






mensrea 
                  tour, gwar signs with drt
july 
                  5 , 2004




posted by webmaster 
                  @ 8:15pm est

mensrea (feat. cory smoot) 
                    is quickly filling out some 
                    dates across the east. support the scene, as well as some 
                    slave pit musicians, and attend some of these shows. more 
                    dates and information will be posted as soon as it is available.
in other news, gwar signs 
                    a new contract with drt 
                    entertainment. for more information head over to gwar.net






davis 
                  bradley on adult swim
may 
                  27, 2004




posted by webmaster 
                  @ 5:10pm est

esteemed slave pit artist, davis 
                    bradley, has some of his sculpture work currently being 
                    broadcast on adult swim right before aqua teen hunger force. 
                    his artwork is a sculpture of the comical main characters 
                    of athf. any further relevant information regarding this will 
                    be posted here! 






slavepitinc.com 
                  goes live
april 
                  20, 2004




posted by webmaster 
                  @ 7:00pm est

greetings from slavepitinc.com. we're proud to present a 
                    look inside the artistically and musically inclined production 
                    facility known as the slave 
                    pit, its history, 
                    and the people involved in its creation. the slave pit encompasses 
                    many individuals and numerous projects all at once. this website 
                    was established as an information hub for everything associated 
                    with the slave pit, past or present. we're presenting a current 
                    roster of everyone that is actively involved in the slave 
                    pit along with a bio and contact information for business 
                    related inquiries. the same information is available for the 
                    various side bands that have been generated by the talented 
                    musicians of slave pit inc.
this site is meant to be informative and business related 
                    but at the same time entertaining to those that are looking 
                    for more information on gwar and the people that are behind 
                    the scenes. slavepitinc.com will also have merchandise in 
                    the near future featuring artwork and merchandise that is 
                    related to a specific person or their side project. there 
                    is also a photo gallery of what actually goes on behind the 
                    scenes at the slave pit. links to bands and individual websites 
                    are available as well. please feel free to use the micro-banners 
                    for your own website and spread the network of the slave pit 
                    empire. 
we hope that you'll continue to visit this website as it 
                    grows with new information regarding the development of slave 
                    pit inc. we'll keep you up to date on happenings of relevant 
                    information pertaining to the artists and musicians of this 
                    unique collaboration in the entertainment industry.







 
 
 
 







 

copyright © 2003 slave pit inc. and ds innovations
      please email webmaster at slave pit inc.com with any site problems
built by ken "buzzbomb" treadway and scott "fatty arbuckle" deel





