






happy quail farms

















































happy quail farms



about


shop


pepper report















about/
shop/
pepper report/













































happy quail farms
naturally grown produce of east palo alto











about/
shop/
pepper report/





































 

we ship peppers nationwideyup, you read that right! from our farm in the bay area to your home. whether it’s in florida, new york, washington, or anywhere in between. we’ll ship our favorite specialty peppers to your door. sign up for our newsletter and be notified of new variety availability. check out our pepper shop and place your order today!




    shop peppers
  

  

we are the number one specialty producer of peppers in the bay areaneed more pepper goods? get your pepper relish and hot sauce delivered to your door!

  

it’s just us, if you have any questions send us an email or give us a call.farmer’s market



saturday:grand lake oakland farmers market (9am to 2pm)



sunday: menlo park (9am to 1pm)

 





specialty peppers













from peru to hungary to the islands of indonesia, we’ve traveled the world in search of heirloom varietals so that you can taste the pepper world from the comfort of your home.




    more info
  



the full story













happy quail farms has been in continuous operation since 1984 when it started with a quail coop and direct to restaurant vespa-delivery. circa 1990 the agricultural focus shifted to bell peppers and eggplant.




    more info
  



the sauces













based on our family recipe, our sauces and relishes are simple and honed to highlight the star ingredient: the peppers. we use ingredients either grown at the farm or sourced from local partners.




    more info
  

 


    read testimonials
  

 





 


 
































get the latest news from the farm!
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates on what’s in season.





first name



last name




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you! we’ll be in touch.





contact the farmerdavid winsberg+1 (650) 546 6766david@happyquailfarms.com

































 



