




paula werme, attorney at law (retired), practice emphasis on defense of




 
 
preface
this site is:

paula werme's web site about nh's division of children, youth, and
familes 
devoted to defending constitutions and
your freedoms.
  honored to be the recipient of lady
liberty's bronze award of recognition for promotion of justice. 

this site is not, repeat, not,  legal advice, see the disclaimer below.   it
is also not the official site of nh's division of children, youth, and
families. their site is here.

furthermore, i'm now retired and the content herein is getting stale, but
i'll keep it up for what's still useful and for the historical interest.


immediate
problems
is dcyf
knocking at your door?
read the rest of this page later. first, read about how to handle their
first contact and then come back here
for the rest of the story.
are you the non-charged parent?
[new!] i've completely changed my mind about fit parent hearings.  don't do
it!  submit this notice to
court by non-abused parent document instead.  i'll revise the page on fit
parent rights as soon as i can.  i'll make a cheat sheet to take to court with
you at the first hearing so you know what to do as well. as well as adding a
new page on how you can custody of your kid and other stuff.  working as fast
as i can.  june 2020.
if you need to, you also file
this second notice to the court
regarding dcyf's admission that they don't consider you a party to the case -
meaning that the court makes orders concerning your parental rights because
they refused your request for discovery."
just make sure you ask for discovery in writing, after asking them  orally   - new pages coming out about that eventually.   this discovery request is not a request under rsa 170-g-8-a.  you are entitled to all the information in the file.
[old]  if your spouse or significant other got a petition, you need to
check out the page on fit parent's rights.


 in the meantime, if you already have an order for supervised
visitation, check out this page on how to protect your right to privacy
as you litigate your right to custody. 
 
do you need to find an attorney in your state?
the most common question i'm asked when folks take the time to contact
me is how to find an attorney in their state. the second most common
question is if i can represent someone in a state other than new
hampshire, and the answer is "no."  this
page has some helpful (i hope) hints. 
recent updates 
for regular visitors, here are the recent changes to this site:

2022 january 24 - a couple of important family law cases are ongoing in both new hampshire and
  massachusetts.  one involves a woman's request for a permanent protective order against a
  long time boyfriend.  it was rejected because the judge decided the issues didn't qualify as
  abuse under nh law.
less than a month later, her boyfriend shot her in the head as she left work in salem,
  massachusetts.  the event sparked both an internal investigation into the case and the
  creation of a task force to conduct a wider review of protocol and law.  i wrote a letter
   on the matter and included three relevant reports for a recent
  public hearing arranged by the task force.
2020 june 24 - this is curious - ann marie moynihan turned her experience
  through the nh system into a phd thesis.  a 232 page (double spaced)
  thesis, structural
  violence in the new hampshire family court system: an autoethnographic
  exploration.  i'm not sure about the autoethnographic part (there's a
  description), but the saga is interesting.  along the way she discovered
  there are double binds and orders of impossibility.  no surprise
  there!

2007 april 28 - as a
result of my page on my client - i wrote an entire new
page on father's rights!

2007 march 30 - my new campaign is to stamp out judges who ignore
the law in their rulings. i can't really stamp them out, of
course.  nor does it appear that the new hampshire supreme court
will hold
them to any account.  this will eventually turn into a new
directory off of this page.  i still haven't decided whether to
concentrate on the issue of father's being denied justice in the courts
or the failure of the judiciary to apply the law and give folks
justice.  every case will wind up getting its own index page. 

funny how my comment of june last year talked about my new scanner
being my latest toy.  between the scanner and youtube, there are
some powerful new ways to tell one's story about the court system. 

the first such story is about my client david johnson.  as of 30
march, 2007, he is sitting a custodial parent sitting in jail for
failure to pay child support to the non-custodial, and quite marginal
mother.  his case is out of the derry family division.  until
i get this all on a separate web page, you can start the story  here.


david thinks that  master philip cross and judge sadler of the
derry family division working hard to ruin
his young child's life.   he  is sitting
in jail as of this date on civil
contempt. 

so far as i can tell there are a
few irregularities in the case file that led to this.  the
fact that my client has accussed nh attorney l.
jonathan ross of wiggin and
nourie of lying
to the court kind of makes it more fun.  and i get to use my
scanner and  youtube <>
to tell the story.   a new challenge to be sure.   if
the story outrages you, feel free to complain to the nh house judiciary
committeee, the nh senate
judiciary committee, the nh house child
and family law committee, judge
kelly, (family division administration) the executive counsel (they approve
judicial appointments), or anyone
else in the state.   there's more than one way to hold
the government accountable, and youtube has made us all "members of the
press." 
links of interest that will eventually hang off the new web page on
david's case:  

http://wermenh.com/fathers_rights/david_johnson/david_johnaon_letter_of_3_27_07.pdf
http://wermenh.com/fathers_rights/david_johnson/07_03%20_05_request_for_findings.pdf
http://wermenh.com/fathers_rights/david_johnson/07_03_26_motion_to_recuse.pdf
http://wermenh.com/fathers_rights/david_johnson/07_03_29_exec_counsel_let.pdf


2006 - june 12 - i'm cleaning out the office.  look below for
some
new pdf files from original documentation, including a controversial,
and
eventually rescinded dcyf "court and
legal
handbook."   high speed scanners are my new favorite toy.
 
high speed scanning a dot-matrix printed document just seems weird. 


 

about paula werme


about the law practice
 
     disclaimer

the viewing of material from this site,
the exchange of mail, and/or other communications with paula j. werme,
esq. does not constitute or create an attorney-client relationship with
ms. werme. ms. werme makes no representation or warranty regarding the
resources or other professionals to which or from which this site is
linked. the information at this site is provided as a public service.
however, it may not be relevant to your situation and is not intended
to replace a thorough and proper consultation with a competent and
experienced attorney. 
contact information is in separate www
page.






index of local  pages  

this section is
undergoing a major re-write.  some links may not work.  2006,
march. contact me for
more information. 
if a petition is filed
 
      

father's
rights in new hampshire!  

a useful guide for the fathers not involved in the child protection
system!  really!
 
how
to find an attorney

vague
laws can be unconstitutional

my library
of important reference books 

right
of non-offending parent 

adoption
of children in dcyf custody

trying to get the court appointed attorney
of your choice

secret courts on their way out?


if you are under investigation

first contact
 
home visits  and the 4th amendment


miscellaneous

stories about dcyf
interactions

my
involvement with the professional conduct committee


       
    


quick law finder
federal
law: 


 capta
- child abuse prevention and treatment act  (1974) -
nixon, if you're interested, although my recollection is that
this was mondale's baby.    kind of makes you think
twice about voting democrat.   a good legislative history
of child abuse laws is here. 

a heritage organization article on successes and
failures of capta is here.
      

three other articles critiquing capta are located here. 

the
adoption & safe families act  - clinton 

keeping
children & familys safe act     judd gregg
had some major influence in helping to keep casa in the mix  for
appointment of guardians ad litem.   having now taken both the
casa gal training and the new training offered by the guardian ad litem
board, i can say that the gal training now offered through the gal
board is much, much better.  casa must have quite a nice
relationship with judd gregg..  they do spend a lot of time
talking with legislators.   kind of makes me think twice
about
voting  republican as well.    are you listening
legislators?
   
 
nh
law:

rsa
168-a - nh uniform act on paternity.  if you're a father who
needs to establish paternity to enforce your parental rights, you need
to read this, and file a paternity
petition with the superior court.  in most rsa 169-c hearings,
the judge will make a judicial finding that the father is the father
based on dna evidence.  that finding will not get your name on
your child's birth certificate.  you need to file  the
paternity petition separately!  
  
rsa
169-c, the nh child protection act (1997) - clinton
(2003) - bush ii - what can i say?   read the definitions of
abuse and neglect.  it's the most important thing in the
statute.  the definitions are vague, which is part of the problem.
      

statutory history
of
rsa 169-b, the delinquency act, rsa 169-c, the child protection act,
and
rsa 169-d, the "child in need of protection act.   all 90 pages of
it,
as it was originally passed.


 additional
statutory history of rsa 169-c.  hb 1174, 1989, if you're
interested.
 it'a when they took attorneys away from kids and gave them gal's
as
the default.  i forget why i needed it in the first place. 

rsa
170-a - the interstate compact on the  placement
of children.  many fathers who live out of state wind up being
asked to do a "home study" before being permitted to have their "fit
parent" hearing in the nh courts.  this law does not apply to
out of state "placement" with parents!   it only applies to
placement of children out of state for adoption or foster care.  
see rsa
 170-a:1,  article iii (a).  

 
rsa
170-c, the termination of parental rights act

rsa
170-g:8-a, parent's right to dcyf records 

rsa
170-g:8-aa - timeline for dcyf to give you your records  

rsa
170-g:3 - commissioner powers & duties - breathtaking  in
scope and vagueness.  

rsa 
570-a - the wiretapping statute.   i love their
definition of "oral communication."  


  ii. "oral
communication" means any oral communication uttered by a person
exhibiting
an expectation that such communication is not subject to interception
under circumstances justifying such expectation. "  

they did that so cops could wire anyone in a public place or at the
police station without getting into trouble!    

 
court
protocols for the processing of abuse and neglect petitions - 
no child abuse or neglect defense attorneys were asked to be on the
committee writing the protocols, so they're not very constitutionally
sensitive, if you get my drift.  i'm told that some defense
attorneys were consulted before they were finalized, but i don't see
where they had much influence.  most court rules are subject to
the rule
making procedure., which include a period of public comment and
published hearing schedules.   oops, they forgot. 

      
in the same vein as forgetting to invite actual child
abuse
defense attorneys to help promulgate the rules for the processing of
abuse
and neglect petitions, dcyf used to have a "court and
legal
handbook."  

story behind this - after it got out i was interested in dcyf defense,
i got some calls from what i thought were nut cases, telling me that
dcyf had a "secret" handbook that made it official policy for them to
wine and
dine judges.   i heard it from several folks, but only a
couple
had claimed to have seen it, and they were among those i deemed
probably
nut cases. . . . so i did a "right to know."    golly
gee,
they weren't nuts at all.  it's in there. 

i put the most offensive stuff on my web page elsewhere, and filed the
rest.  
i got a high speed scanner last week in an effort to help clean up the
office.  
the difference between 1996 and 2006 - it took about 20 minutes to scan
and upload the thing in its entirety.   most offensive stuff
is
right around pp. 20 - 23 if i recall, but the entire thing is
interesting.   some days it certainly feels as though iti's still
in effect.  but
not always.

nh casa - a continual source of surprise.   my current feeling
is
that they're like the nursery rhyme about the little girl "with  a
curl
right in the middle of her forehead.  when she was good, she was
very
very good, but when she was bad she was horrid!"   if you get one
with
some brains, it doesn't hurt, but if you get a bad one, your life can
be
miserable in terms of having to write motions to tell them to read
their
own job description.   you can guess by this description
 where
i stand the night i'm writing this.   i told one client i was
going
to write a motion to remove casa for being too stupid to do the job.
 
one of these days i'll have the nerve to put it at the top of the
motion.
  

a guardian ad litem, or casa guardian ad litem's job is to advocate for
the
"best interest" of "abused and neglected" children.  my own
training
manual from casa years ago says right in it that there is little to do
until
there is actually an abused or neglected child via an adjudication.
 
i have huge problems with that when there is an uncharged parent who is
presumed
fit to act in the best interest of the child constitutionally, but
that's
on the fit parent page.   so why is this <insert expletive of
choice
here> writing a motion saying he has to see a kid pre-adjudication?
 

at any rate, the "objective third party" who is apponted to be guardian
ad
litem has a "mutual agreement of understanding" with dcyf - basically
to
work together.   so much for  "independent."   can't
these
folks see it's the same as a judge or other mediator who has a
financial
stake in a positive outcome for the other side?     even kids
can
see it!   i'll never forget one savy pre-teen who, when the casa
introduced
herself and said that she wasn't  on "dcyf's side," asked her
point
blank  "then why are you sitting with them? "  the wisdom of
babes.
. . .  casa gets an entire page at some point, but i have to get
more
materials scanned. 
  
the nh guardian ad litem board
-  recently created under statutory law, all guardians ad litem
will be responsible to take the new training (or the casa training,
which is virtually devoid of any instruction on parental rights). 
the gal board will be involved with the discipline of gals, which is a
good thing.  it was all done through the administrative judge of
the district courts before, and they love casa so much, it was a waste
of time.   i'll write a better page on the nature of the
fundamental rights of parents to make decisions in their kid's best
interest some day, but for now, see the listing  at the left. 

while i'm at it, if you want to file a
complaint on your attorney, the information on the attorney
discipline system is
here.  the most common question i get from my telephone calls
is "is my attorney doing a good job?"  unfortunately, i generally
have to tell folks that many attorneys don't do as much as i do based
on the low pay for court appointed counsel in new hampshire.  the
rate, which hasn't been increased since 1992, is $60 per hour with a
dollar max of $1200 per case.  it can be increased for
complicated cases, but it's no where near the time i spend on legal
research.   that doesn't pay for much legal research.  in
some cases, i find that the attorneys aren't even reading the statute,
however, and that should be grounds for a complaint. 

dcyf advisory board minutes,
annotated by me. 

links
to other state's child abuse laws

link to http://www.nhcustody.org/.
this site working mostly to refom child custody laws in nh on behalf of
fathers.  it's also important work.  if you're fighting for
rights in the context of a custody case, they have information.  






 



other legal links 
2005 march -  i gathered a lot of information together
for the governor's efficiency commmission study of dcyf.  
they never finished their work because after the first visit,
the commission members agreed that dcyf was controlling the
flow of information in their office visits to the point
of choreographing and it was useless to go in again if dcyf
planned the visit.   just about any publicly linked
information on dcyf is available off of this page.   i also
explain why i think much of the information is invalid as a measure of
dcyf's true performance.  the bottom line is that  most 
studies or audits don't measure what's important when measuring the
performance of a government organization.   if you're
lookinig for statistics or
audit results, here's a good starting point. 

dcyf in the news i track it, so i
figured why shouldn't it be available? it will be updated rather
irregularly. 
2004 may, dcyf advisory board minutes
from
january, 2002 - february, 2004.  highlighted for areas they
originally redacted from the minutes they sent me!   tsk,
tsk.   violating the nh
right to know law!




other information links of interest


the following are links outside of my
www hierarchy. some do not reflect my beliefs, some have
unsubstantiated opinions. 


 

falseallegations.com is run by barbara c. johnson, a lawyer
in massachusetts.
her site is massachusetts centric, but has a number of links to other
states
and will collect more over time. her site has more information on
polygraph
systems (lie detectors) than any other i know.  


greg hession is another
massachusetts lawyer. among other things, he has tried mightily to
reunite the howard family. massachusett's dss is a tough opponent, but
he keeps at it. he is also working on a class action lawsuit against
dss. 

national coalition for child
protection reform is the result. their focus is on building a high
level dialog, not on individual cases.


the preble law firm
site has information on that and other cases.
florida has a group called the 
a-team that offers links to some services, some which new hampshire
people could use.

 washington state was home to a
nightmare called "the
wenatchee witch hunt".
the alliance for non-custodial
parents rights (ancpr) is a nonprofit corporation dedicated to
promoting and protecting the civil rights of non-custodial parents and
their families with respect to such issues as child support
enforcement, visitation, shared parenting and joint custody. their
collection of case law
is a big time saver and has links to some supreme court decisions.

center for parental responsibility
is run by my good friends i met in minnesota.  their focus is on
non-custodial father's rights, but if every state has a group this good
devoted to reforming child abuse laws, we'd have the problems
fixed!   molly is very professional, and the minnesota group
has made great strides in influencing the legislature to look
critically at non-custodial parental rights.  

the fathers'
rights to custody organization has this list of good
and bad lawyers and gals. last i checked, they had one page
of good and three of bad. feel free to make your own submissions
to the list.
the reason public policy institute has
a good analysis called child protection
at the crossroads: child abuse, child protection, and recommendations
for reform

the u.s.
department of health and human services' administration for children
and families gathers this data on child abuse statistics for each
year. for new hampshire in 1997, they report that 9,015 referrals were
made for investigation, 1,092 were substantiated, and 824 perpetrators
were identified. it would be interesting to see a breakdown of the the
8,000 unsubstantiated reports and why they were made in the first
place. it would also be interesting to see how
many perpetrators abuse/neglected multiple children and in how many
cases no one was accused of being the perpetrator. yes, your children
can be taken with no one being charged with abuse or neglect!
related to the above, the national
clearinghouse on child abuse and neglect information
has a large database of synopses of books and articles that may
offer good pointers. 
cornell university has a large www presence devoted
to prevention
of child abuse, including a  document
archive and used to host the  international
society for preventaion of child absue and neglect.

stephen baskerville's
web site.   his book taken
into custody is amazing.   i would recommend it to
everyone before having children, or in particular, men in the midst of
a marital break up that involves children.    


organizations with national scope
the family rights
association is an eclectic group of lawyers, victims, and others
interested in stopping unwarranted government intervention into
peoples' lives.
the national child abuse defense and resource
center is a wonderful organization that works tirelessly to assist
attorneys defending child abuse cases.  if you're an attorney who
has no idea where to find an expert for a child abuse defense, call
them!


religioustolerance.org has a good summary. 

aspac (american professional society
on the abuse of children) is a non-profit organization coming up with
standards for investigating child abuse claims. 
accused.com
is maintained by a california law firm, but has information of national
interest. the lawyer registry offers many more
legal links. the site is accessible only via javascript, without
it you will get a blank page. 
other resources
i mentioned osteogenesis imperfecta above.  the
osteogenesis imperfecta foundation is the best resource for help
and information about dealing with this genetic disease. they even have
pages on oi being
misdiagnosed as abuse. the problem with allegations of multiple
broken bones is that it takes 4 months to get back the first test they
do to test for the disease.  the second (dna test) takes longer.
even if both tests are negative, some cases of oi do not cause positive
test results. any attorney that lets their case go to trial without
testing in the presence of multiple broken bones but no other injury is
not doing his or her client a favor! 
dcyf has alleged munchausen syndrome by
proxy which is when a parent, usually mother, injures a child to gain
recognition by bringing the child in for medical attention. this is
often a faulty diagnosis, sometimes with tragic results.  mama, mothers against munchausen syndrome
by proxy allegations is an organization to correct the
misperceptions and their results. 
alcoholics anonymous and al-anon and al-ateen are
worldwide organizations that offer self-help recovery programs for
families and friends of alcoholics whether or not the alcoholic seeks
help or even recognizes the existence of a drinking problem.



more information
about dcyf
the above link goes to my husband's www pages. it has information
and observations
about dcyf that are of general interest and were culled from many
public
sources. it also has links
to some state and personal web sites that are not included below. it is
not
central to my practice. in general, pages with this background pattern
are
my pages and contain information i can readily defend in court. 
 






 

contact paula 
werme


last updated 2022 nov 12





