home | reckitt.comloading reckitt 0%we are reckittdelivering for a cleaner, healthier worldwho we areat reckitt, we protect, heal and nurture. we are the company behind some of the world’s best known and most trusted health and hygiene consumer brands.

delivering for a cleaner, healthier world requires strong brands with a global footprint. from dettol, lysol, durex, finish, harpic and vanish, mucinex, nurofen, gaviscon, veet and strepsils, consumers love and rely on our brands to care for their families, as they have done for over 200 years.

we use our scientific expertise and deep human understanding to develop solutions to help people improve their lives – that is why over 30 million reckitt products are sold each day worldwide.

at reckitt, we’re all making a real difference to people all over the world, every day.discover how we make a differenceour storiesour latest storiesdiscover the latest reckitt stories from across the globe: our brands, programmes and partnerships, innovations and investments, and the positive impact we’re having on people, society and our planet.

read more about our impact.wilson factoryprotecting antibiotics for future generationsbanega swasth: one world-hygienereckitt opens its largest otc manufacturing facility in the u.slearn morebrands people trust our brands are an essential part of the daily lives of millions of people because they trust them to help care for their family and friends. they do this knowing that they're making the best choice. a choice they make because they are confident our products will deliver every time.
many of our brands are synonymous with the categories they lead, backed by the efficacious solutions they provide and our wide-reaching consumer education and marketing programmes. our deep understanding of consumer demand spaces, combined with our strong science platforms, enable us to create bigger, better innovation with break-through propositions.
from finish, vanish, lysol and dettol to muscinex, durex, strepsils, nurofen and more, our rich understanding of consumer needs combined with our scientific expertise means our brands can help solve some of the world’s biggest challenges. learn more about our brandspowerbrandsdelivering for a cleaner healthier worldby designing more sustainable brands, we can enable consumers to make sustainable choices.  we are creating a healthier world by having a positive impact on water, carbon and biodiversity – playing our part in building a fairer society, with sustainable livelihoods for those in our operations and value chains.
all whilst fostering an inclusive culture where everyone is treated equally and fairly, representing the many diverse cultures and places where we work and the people we serve.+70%of our brands occupy market-leading positions in their respective categories.30mproducts sold every single day.131distribution and embellishment centres across 51 countries.>90%of our products are manufactured in-house.100%zero waste to landfill from our factories. 67%less carbon emissions from our operations since 2015.quick linkspolicies & reportsbrand librarycontact ussitemapaccess vclegalterms and conditionsprivacy policycookie policymodern slavery statementfollow uslinkedin-in iconinstagram iconyoutube iconfacebook-f icon© copyright reckitt benckiser group plc 2023. all rights reservedback to top