









the centre for addiction and mental health | camh






























































if you are in an emergency, in crisis or need someone to talk to, there is help.
view crisis resouces 













skip to content









            contact us
        



            no one left behind
        



            join our team
        



            referral form
        



            virtual urgent care
        



            accessibility
                






 en
fr













camh logo

















   
   

your care







                                    main page
                                



            access camh & referral form
            
        







access camh
centralized information, intake and scheduling. access camh makes it easy to find support – simply call 416-535-8501, option 2. 







referral form
for mental health services, a referral form needs to be completed by a healthcare provider. for addictions services, patient can self-refer.







            programs & services
            
        






                addictions/substance use
                
            





                aggression & behavioural issues
                
            





                alzheimer’s & dementia
                
            





                anxiety & depression
                
            





                concurrent disorders
                
            





                developmental disabilities
                
            





                mood & personality disorders
                
            





                problem gambling
                
            





                schizophrenia & psychosis
                
            





                trauma & stress disorders
                
            





                virtual mental health and outreach
                
            





                other
                
            






            patient wellness and patient engagement at camh
            
        



            planning your care
            
        







supporting families
families play an essential role in the recovery of their loved ones, and families and are best able to support their loved ones when they themselves are supported.







staying at camh
be prepared with all the info you need to make your inpatient experience at camh as comfortable as possible.







            your rights
            
        






                client relations
                
            





                bill of patient rights
                
            





                empowerment council
                
            





                legal rights, protection of health info & access to records
                
            






            visiting camh
            
        




visiting camh
planning on visiting camh? find contact information, directions and accessibility for each of our three main sites.

read more








            mycamh
            
        









   
   

health info







                                    main page
                                



            mental illness & addiction index
            
        






                conditions & disorders
                
            





                medication therapies
                
            





                substance use
                
            





                types of treatment 
                
            





                information in other languages
                
            






            mental health 101
            
        




mental health 101
use this series of free online tutorials as the starting point to learn about and understand a wide range of mental health topics.

read more








            guides & publications
            
        




guides & publications
accessible, reliable, professionally produced resources on an array of mental health topics for patients, families, students and professionals.

read more








            crisis resources
            
        




crisis resources
if you are in an emergency, in crisis or need someone to talk to, there is a list of resources available for areas in and around toronto.

read more








            camh store
            
        




camh store
the camh store offers a wide array of mental illness and addiction resources for patients, families, students and professionals. search or browse our catalogue of brochures and booklets, textbooks, manuals and assessment tools.

read more








            camh library
            
        




camh library
open to professionals and the general public, our comprehensive resources and services support and enhance camh's research and clinical programs, and they facilitate learning, dynamic knowledge exchange and health promotion initiatives.

read more








            workplace mental health playbook
            
        



            mental health and the covid-19 pandemic
            
        






                coping with stress & anxiety
                
            





                quarantine & isolation
                
            





                stigma and prejudice
                
            





                loss, grief and healing
                
            





                resources for health care workers
                
            












   
   

research







                                    main page
                                



            research areas at camh
            
        







brain science
 camh is revolutionizing our understanding of the brain and the causes, biomarkers and treatments of mental illness.







personalized care
by understanding diverse groups, we prevent, diagnose and care for each one with greater precision and personalization.







prevention and policy
using evidence, we drive system and social change to optimize care and reduce the burden of mental illness, including addictions, across populations.







            the discovery fund
            
        




the discovery fund
fuelling the next generation of groundbreaking research and innovation dedicated to finding the causes of and cures for mental illness.

read more








            institutes & centres
            
        






                azrieli adult neurodevelopmental centre
                
            





                azrieli centre for neuro-radiochemistry
                
            





                brain health imaging centre
                
            





                campbell family mental health research institute
                
            





                centre for youth bipolar disorder
                
            





                cundill centre for child and youth depression
                
            





                institute for mental health policy research
                
            





                krembil centre for neuroinformatics
                
            





                slaight family centre for youth in transition
                
            





                tanenbaum centre for pharmacogenetics
                
            





                temerty centre for therapeutic brain intervention
                
            





                the margaret and wallace mccain centre for child youth & family mental health
                
            






            clinical divisions
            
        






                addictions division
                
            





                adult neurodevelopmental and geriatric psychiatry division
                
            





                child and youth psychiatry division
                
            





                forensic psychiatry division
                
            





                general and health systems psychiatry division
                
            





                psychology division
                
            





                schizophrenia division
                
            






            research discoveries
            
        







research discoveries
at the leading edge of breakthrough mental health and addiction research for over 50 years.







brainbuzz newsletter
the latest news, groundbreaking discoveries and special features about camh research, studies, and the people behind the work.




research strategic plan 
learn what drives our research agenda and priorities in the camh research plan for 2018-2023







            research connect
            
        






                research connect faqs
                
            





                research ethics
                
            






            koerner centre for research training
            
        




koerner centre for research training
each year camh provides opportunities to the next generation of scientists: today’s undergraduate students, graduate students and postdoctoral researchers. train in a unique learning environment and help contribute to the breakthrough mental health research and treatments of tomorrow

read more








            science & research staff directory
            
        






                our scientific staff
                
            





                research chairs at camh
                
            






            tech transfer & industry partnerships
            
        









   
   

education







                                    main page
                                



            continuing education programs and courses
            
        







find the course that's right for you
browse our entire selection of certificate programs, webinars and workshops.







workplace education and consulting services
view our full list of workplace mental health workshops and consulting services







            collaborative learning college
            
        



            simulation centre
            
        



            student centre
            
        







            clinical & research opportunities for professionals in training
            
        






            clinical psychology training programs
            
        





            community-based research fellowship
            
        





            graduate & post-doctoral fellowships in public health policy
            
        






clinical & research opportunities for professionals in training
study in a world-class setting to become a leader in the field of mental health.







            research in education
            
        






                academic & education research excellence
                
            





                health equity and inclusion framework for education and training
                
            






            evaluation
            
        



            workplace mental health workshops and consulting
            
        



            camh education contacts
            
        









   
   

professionals







                                    main page
                                



            treating conditions & disorders
            
        






                navigate - treating psychosis in youth
                
            





                caribou - treating depression in youth
                
            





                virtual mental health
                
            





                alcohol use
                
            





                anxiety disorders
                
            





                dementia
                
            





                depression
                
            





                suicide risk
                
            





                fundamentals of addiction
                
            





                intellectual & developmental disabilities
                
            





                mania
                
            





                ocd
                
            





                opioid use and opioid use disorder
                
            





                perinatal mood & anxiety disorders
                
            





                personality disorders
                
            





                psychosis
                
            





                posttraumatic stress disorder
                
            





                smoking cessation
                
            






            professionals projects
            
        






                climate change and mental health
                
            





                health care access research and developmental disabilities
                
            





                immigrant and refugee mental health project
                
            





                opioid use in primary care conference 2024
                
            






            networks
            
        






                ontario psychiatric outreach program
                
            






            videos
            
        



            podcasts
            
        









   
   

get involved







                                    main page
                                



            ways to donate
            
        






            give monthly
            
        





            give in memory or in honour
            
        





            start a fundraiser
            
        





            gifts of celebration
            
        





            leave a gift in your will
            
        





            employee giving
            
        





            donate goods & services
            
        





            gifts of securities
            
        





            canvassers & callers
            
        






make a one-time donation
with your support, camh researchers are revolutionizing the ways we diagnose, treat, and prevent mental illness. donate today.







            join the cause
            
        






                corporate partnerships
                
            





                business leaders for mental health
                
            





                camh engage
                
            





                womenmind
                
            





                visionary society
                
            





                michael wilson society
                
            





                volunteer at camh
                
            






            making a real impact
            
        




making a real impact
real stories of courage, hope and discovery. made possible through your continued support of camh.

read more














   
   

driving change







                                    main page
                                



            about camh
            
        






            leadership team directory
            
        





            performance & accountability
            
        





            the role of camh foundation
            
        





            for reporters
            
        





            events calendar
            
        





            for our neighbours
            
        





            contact camh
            
        






careers at camh
by working at camh, you can help people affected by mental illness and support their recovery.  join the team. everyone who works at camh becomes an advocate for mental health. 







            the crisis is real
            
        







the crisis is real
we are in the grips of a crisis that ruins health, threatens lives and hurts economies. knowing the facts is the first step in creating hope.







mental health statistics
the latest facts and statistics on mental illness and addiction, who's affected and their impact on canadians. 







            addressing stigma
            
        




addressing stigma
challenging the stigma associated with mental illness takes understanding, education and a closer look at our own attitudes toward health.

read more








            the mental health facility of the future
            
        







the mental health facility of the future
turning what was once a walled institution into a symbol of hope for the future of mental health care.







vision & guiding principles
how do you replace an institution with an urban village? lots of planning, imagination and a long-term commitment to serving patients, staff and the community.







history of queen street site
our history—evolving from an asylum into a modern health facility with patients at the centre of care—is the history of mental health care in canada.







            influencing public policy
            
        




influencing public policy
camh advocates for policies that are responsive to the needs of people with mental illness and addictions.

read more








            health equity
            
        




health equity
camh believes in the principle of equity. we respect the diversity of the individuals and communities we serve.

read more








            shkaabe makwa
            
        



            camh news & stories
            
        



            strategic plan
            
        










donate







            contact us
        



            no one left behind
        



            join our team
        



            referral form
        



            virtual urgent care
        



            accessibility
                






 en
fr







search





donate










search results for


submit search
































let's make better mental health care for all a reality.
help us build a future where no one is left behind.
 learn more
    donate
 












mental health and covid-19
you found ways to make it this far. but it has been a long pandemic, and things are tough right now. we’re here to help you find strategies to cope, and a path forward.

 
                        read more
                        
                    







find programs & services
camh provides a wide range of clinical care services for patients of all ages and families, with access camh as your centralized point of contact.
 
                        learn more
                        
                    
 

mental illness & addiction index
learn the signs, symptoms, definitions and other important facts about mental illness conditions, disorders, substances, medications and therapies.
 
                        explore more
                        
                    
 
















gathering evidence. opening up possibilities.
many people don't see mental illness in the same way, or even the same category, as other diseases medical science is working hard to find cures for. but mental health is health. and with every new discovery, camh moves closer to treatments that will change the course of mental health forever.
 
                    explore science & research
                    
                
 


































join the movement
we are more than a hospital. we are a catalyst for change. but we can't do it without your help.
 
                                find ways to join
                                
                            
 













driving change
changing attitudes, behaviours and culture is the only way to create a world where mental health is health.
 
                                find out how
                                
                            
 









 love your brain: a galentine’s gathering on women’s brain health
a powerful evening dedicated to raising awareness about hormonal transitions and brain health.

read more




 new camh-developed drug shows promise in reversing memory loss for early alzheimer's patients
pre-clinical trial suggests treatment may slow the progression of alzheimer’s and restore cognitive function.

read more




 camh memory clinic: a holistic approach to cognitive health
the camh memory clinic specializes in addressing significant new cognitive challenges. these may include memory lapses, such as forgetting names or appointments, losing items, language difficulties, or changes in personality and behaviour. 

read more




 camh is canada’s top mental health research hospital
research spending surpasses $100 million, signaling unprecedented investment in mental health science and care.

read more




 extended-release buprenorphine for opioid use disorder treatment in correctional settings
to understand treatment best practices, researchers at camh conducted the first comprehensive review of available studies that evaluate the use of extended-release buprenorphine as a treatment for oud within correctional facilities. 

read more




 camh announces waverley house secure care & recovery building
waverley house foundation’s $203-million gift redefining mental health care

read more

 
see all news







can we count on your support?
donate to improve mental health care for everyone.


                        donate
                    










keep in touch with camh



follow us

   










    







   











your care


health info


science and research


education


professionals


get involved


driving change




about camh


job openings


purchase publications
  


referral form


for reporters


donor services


events



camh switchboard
from the gta: 416 535-8501


toll-free: 1 800 463-2338
to access camh clinical services
416 535-8501, press 2


 we have multiple locations. find directions.
 












                    staff tools
                    
                









copyright 2025 camh



                    terms of use
                    
                



                    accessibility
                    
                



                    site map
                    
                


language :
en
fr





















keep in touch with camh
keep your finger on our pulse – latest camh news, discoveries and ways to get involved delivered to your inbox.
please select a newsletter














please complete the following:


required fields








 


   

camh econnexions - provides updates to camh’s neighbours and local businesses.
                                                







 


   

camh brainbuzz - the latest news, groundbreaking discoveries and special features about camh research, studies, and the people behind the work.
                                                







 


   

camh foundation - provides updates on the mental health movement and ways you can get involved.
                                                

please select a newsletter option





first name


please input a first name





last name


please input a last name





email


please input an email address





by clicking sign up below, i consent to receive electronic communications (as selected above) from camh and camh foundation. to unsubscribe at any time click the link in our mailing or email: unsubscribe@camh.ca









 


   

                                        i agree to the terms of use for privacy and use of my personal data.
                                    
please agree to the terms of use




sign up


 














thanks for subscribing.





we look forward to keeping you informed, inspired and involved in all things camh.

close






















help us change mental health care forever.
every donation moves us closer to a future where no one is left behind.



















give oncegive monthly 



                                                        $20
                                                    

                                                        $50
                                                    

                                                        $100
                                                    

                                                        $15
                                                    

                                                        $25
                                                    

                                                        $50
                                                    




$



















my gift is in memory or honour of someone

















i am donating on behalf of an organization




continue


other ways to give



















join our team


donate






