











finish first® auto, cycle & marine polish











































































   




 






























home
shop

auto
cycle
marine
kits
accessories


gift card
about us

our story
why finish first
blog


information

auto detailing
cycle detailing
marine detailing
technical info


customers

testimonials
customer photo gallery

























 















prep, wash & condition,  and polishexpress starter kit just $44.95!
buy kit now!









put your vehicle's finish first.complete line of high-tech cleanse and polish formulas for a showroom finish.
shop now









protect. clean. shine.motorcycle cleaning products that keep your ride looking brand new.
shop now









quality without compromise.effortless marine formulas for all types of boats.
shop now










shop our best selling products
 








finish first auto polish
easy to use synthetic polish that cleans without scratching and protects all painted surfaces leaving a durable showroom quality shine.
$22.95










finish fast spray enhancer
this versatile spray will not scratch and gives a showroom shine when you don’t have time for a complete wax job.
$12.95










finish first marine polish
this advanced formula applies effortlessly and provides a durable barrier to resist oxidation and other environmental contaminants.
$26.95










finish first wash & conditioner
a delicate cleaner and conditioner in one easy step, it minimizes water-spotting and removes the toughest dirt, road film, oil, and bugs.
$11.95











finish first products are developed for auto, marine & cycle vehicles
 








auto
innovative formulas for the serious car enthusiast.








marine
high performance formulas for the boating zealot.








cycle
powerful formulas for the passionate motorcyclist.











chemically engineered for optimal performance.
finish first products have been specially formulated by leading chemists after countless hours of research and development making them the most technologically advanced detailing products on the market today.
learn more

























superior polish. unsurpassed shine.
finish first polish is the leading synthetic polish in the industry. whether you’re cruising the local streets or a serious collector, our polish will get you noticed.
learn more











what our customers tell us







we used your formulas this weekend and wow! this stuff is the real deal…we will always suggest finish first!

kerry, ga






love your products! it’s nice to find something that works so well. my boat yard speaks highly of your products!

charles, mi






we’re using your formulas on a learjet 60 with great results. it’s easy to use and holds up under the extreme conditions.
dan, hunt aviation









our products






















































































 










finish first meets today’s tough standards of vehicle paint finish care by using advanced technology based on synthetic polymers, similar to the synthetic paint on your car. finish first’s high tech formula contains no waxes, silicone, or teflon.



subscribe to our newsletter for offers and product info


















connect with us
(800) 637-4527

follow



 








© 2025 liquitech, llc / finish first 






 



































