




xhale slowly... ... ... — livejournal


























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































xhaleslowly
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














xhaleslowly







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement













			xhale slowly... ... ... — livejournal


			you came here not knowing what was going to happen

website
. entries .
archive .
friends .
info








25 september 2008 @ 11:20 am
thank you  


so it turns out that as much as my head is telling me that i should make a clean break, my heart is having a tougher time of it. especially after all the amazing, generous words you've all sent my way. to say thank you isn't enough to let you know how much your messages have meant to me.there have been a few questions from folks that i should answer... i was planning on nuking my web site, but since a few of you have asked that i keep it, i found a free web host that will let me use my own url so the site can live on with all existing links intact. you just have to put up with a crazy ad banner at the top, but it doesn't seem too bad. the site remains at www.xhaleslowly.com/qaf.i'll be keeping my lj indefinitely, though will move to the free version when my paid subscription expires next year. i'm also thinking about archiving all my old fics pre-lj on here, if i get time to do so, in case the free web host turns out to be a bust. i'll be checking in here every once in a while, and who knows, might be compelled to post some old wips or something one of these days ;)and my old email address is now defunct, but i've set up a freebie at xhaleslowly@ymail.com. i'll be checking that periodically as well. so that's that for now. and just another thank you to all of you. it's the love and support that i've always felt from this community that kept me writing for as long as i did. xoxo
 
36 comments | leave a comment




 


19 september 2008 @ 11:24 am
goodbye and one last fic...  


so, i'm done. i knew it would happen eventually, and it took a major computer crash last year to make me realize that my days of fan fic writing and qaf obsession are over.i was tempted to just close up shop, shut down my site and call it a day, but i wouldn't feel right leaving without at least saying goodbye and most importantly, saying thank you to whoever is still out there listening.there have been so many of you that have come and gone over the last seven years, and i hope you know how much i've appreciated your encouragement, inspiration, support, and friendship. thank you to all of you for being a part of this chapter of my life - i've had the best time and loved every moment of it. i feel as though i've grown as a writer and as a person for having had this experience. i wish each and every one of you the very best in the future. i urge you all to follow your dreams, to have faith in yourselves, and to embrace love and happiness in your lives. i have a little something to leave you with. it's not my best, and i'm sad to say it's not parts 7 - 10 of fomd, which will forever remain unfinished. it's just a fic i wrote after the finale and always thought it would somehow be appropriate to have as my last story. and so here it is.( leaving youcollapse )
 
111 comments | leave a comment




 


 



02 july 2007 @ 06:33 pm
new fic: first time for everything (6/10): nc-17: b/j  


before i get into the fic, i'd like to send a very belated thank you to all the folks that sent me love at the qaf love meme a few weeks back. i'm sometimes out of the loop on these things, so apologies for the late response, but i want you guys to know how much it means to me and how much i truly appreciated it. it's that kind of generosity of words that makes me feel lucky to be part of this little online world :) kudos to ohfreckle for initiating it!so, okay... on to the fic! enough with the sneak peeks, here's the real thing :) in the spirit of the love meme, i'd like to dedicate this fic to everyone that's stuck with me and is still out there reading. and of course many special thanks to gio for being the awesome artist that she is and for making me this super hot icon :x( first time for everything - part 6collapse )   
feeling: touched
 
124 comments | leave a comment




 


30 may 2007 @ 06:48 pm
not gone, but likely forgotten...  


hey gang... just dropping a note to say hello and let those that are still reading the series know that yes, i *am* still writing and hope to have a new chapter out soon. the wonderfully amazing paddies has done her part and made me a gorgeous icon for the fic, so all that's left is for me to get writing. anyway, thought i should reactivate this thing and let people know that i'm still around! it's been a while, i know. but many thanks for your patience, everyone :)( very tiny sneak peek under the cutcollapse )   
feeling: working
 
72 comments | leave a comment




 


 



10 april 2007 @ 06:16 pm
new fic: first time for everything (5/10): b/j: nc-17  


happy spring! the sun is shining and the weather is warming up and the days are getting longer. perfect excuse for more porny stories :)much love to paddies for the new icon (especially since i know you've been very very busy!!!). and many thanks to everyone that's offered their  feedback and encouragement. hope you guys are continuing to enjoy the series!( first time for everything - part 5collapse )   
feeling: awake
 
118 comments | leave a comment




 


 



13 february 2007 @ 06:30 pm
new fic: first time for everything (4/10): b/j: nc-17  


many thanks to all of you that nudged and prodded and asked nicely for this to be done - it worked! lol! and special thanks, of course, to paddies, for your inspiration, your icon and your patience :xin the spirit of valentine's day, i bring you porn!( first time for everything - part 4collapse )have a happy valentine's day tommorow, everyone :)   
feeling: energeticlistening to: spin spin sugar ~ sneaker pimps
 
96 comments | leave a comment




 


 



30 december 2006 @ 02:13 pm
happy new year!  


been away for most of the month, but i just got back into town and wanted to drop by to say hello and wish everyone happy new year :) being the end of the year and all, i also wanted to take this chance to thank you readers out there that have been offering up your support and feedback for my stories. i value your comments and encouragement tremendously. i've said it a million times, but i'll say it a million more: you guys are the best :x :x :x the rest of the fomd series will be along in the coming weeks, but until then, have yourselves a very happy new year!!! bring on 2007!!!!   
feeling: excited
 
79 comments | leave a comment




 


28 november 2006 @ 05:30 pm
new fic: first time for everything (3/10): b/j: nc-17  


hey guys... well, i really meant to have this out way earlier, but i hit a block and just had to put it down for a little bit. but i think it's all done now :)as always, many thanks and hugs to paddies for the inspiration and gorgeous icon :xhope you enjoy!( first time for everything: part 3collapse )   
feeling: relieved
 
108 comments | leave a comment




 


 



17 october 2006 @ 05:27 pm
new fic: first time for everything (2/10): b/j: nc-17  


first off, i'd like to thank everyone so much for all the encouragement for the new series :) you guys are all so awesome and i can't thank you enough for the feedback. it totally keeps me going. also, big hugs to the amazing paddies who not only provided the inspiration for this series, but has also very generously made customized icons for each fic, including the first one, which i've now updated with the new icon. nice, hunh?? thanks again darlin' :x :x :xand now on to part two!( first time for everything: part 2collapse )   
feeling: relaxed
 
117 comments | leave a comment




 


26 september 2006 @ 06:20 pm
new fic: first time for everything (1/10): b/j: nc-17  


well, i never thought i'd be saying this again, but i'm writing a new series :) inspired by and dedicated to the wonderful paddies, i'm taking a crack at writing "the fic of her dreams" (yes, all 10!). read her original request or just go right on into the fic!hope you enjoy it :)( first time for everything - part 1collapse )   
feeling: creative
 
157 comments | leave a comment




 


 

 


&lt;&lt; go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























