








adams county nebraska historical society




















































 

 

 






homeeventslocation and hoursdonatecontactlogin


 main menu


 homeeventslocation and hoursdonatecontactloginabout the societyachs membership infoarchives research ordering informationordering informationlicense fee schedulegift shophines photo collectionhistoric photos slideshowhistory of adams countyhistoric buildings and sitesnational register of historic places in adams countymap of adams countyadams county cemeterieshistorical toursrural schoolspreservation informationlinks



design by za studio






about the societyachs membership infoarchives research ordering informationgift shophines photo collectionhistoric photos slideshowhistory of adams countyhistoric buildings and sitesnational register of historic places in adams countymap of adams countyadams county cemeterieshistorical toursrural schoolspreservation informationlinks


search ...  





this project is funded in part by an award from the national endowment for the arts.   










					welcome to adams county history			



	print 

	email 

 
welcome to the website of the adams county nebraska historical society, a nonprofit organization dedicated to preserving the historical record of the times and people of adams county, nebraska.
the purpose of this site is to provide information about the history of adams county and the adams county historical society itself.  stories and photos take you back in time as you learn about the rich history of adams county from its ties to the oregon trail, pony express and homesteading to the naval ammunition depot, which was the largest in the united states during wwii.  the adams county seat and the historical society are both located in hastings,  the "birthplace of kool-aid".  while you're here please be sure to check out publications available and services we provide.  also, enjoy scenes from the past in the historic photos slideshow.  history events taking place in adams county will be listed and updated under the events section.  thank you for visiting our site, come back often for updated stories and photos.
 









events


moments in time

"moments in time" is featured two times per day monday through friday on khas radio 104.1 fm...read more...


dust bowl years

robert geiger, an associated press reporter who was a sports aficionado, coined the name dust bowl, referring to the dust blown lands of the great plains. he was familiar with the rose bowl, other similar sports arenas in existence at...read more...


regional center

the pioneer settlers of nebraska left behind them the advantages and comforts of an older civilization, but they could not escape the ills that afflict humanity. the state lunatic asylum near the...read more...








about the societyachs membership infoarchives research ordering informationgift shophines photo collectionhistoric photos slideshowhistory of adams countyhistoric buildings and sitesnational register of historic places in adams countymap of adams countyadams county cemeterieshistorical toursrural schoolspreservation informationlinks


search ...  





this project is funded in part by an award from the national endowment for the arts.   








© 2015 adams county nebraska historical society. all rights reserved. site design by infuze creative




 


