








mcs: preparing competent christian leaders with the church, for the church.































































 





skip to content








mcs-horizon video centrelibraryfacebookinstagramyoutubexemail 












  


search for:








news what’s newmedia centreabout our mission & goalsstatement of faithaccreditation & partnersfaculty & staffcampushistoryinstitutional effectivenessleadership developmentmcs-horizonfaqcollege competency-based educationprograms+plus programscoursestuition & feesways to studyadmissionsapply college studentsdistance educationinternational studentsopen studiestransfers & life experiencestudents resourcesformslibrarypopulisupportalumniseminarychurch hubsdonatecontact 


search for:








news what’s newmedia centreabout our mission & goalsstatement of faithaccreditation & partnersfaculty & staffcampushistoryinstitutional effectivenessleadership developmentmcs-horizonfaqcollege competency-based educationprograms+plus programscoursestuition & feesways to studyadmissionsapply college studentsdistance educationinternational studentsopen studiestransfers & life experiencestudents resourcesformslibrarypopulisupportalumniseminarychurch hubsdonatecontactnews what’s newmedia centreabout our mission & goalsstatement of faithaccreditation & partnersfaculty & staffcampushistoryinstitutional effectivenessleadership developmentmcs-horizonfaqcollege competency-based educationprograms+plus programscoursestuition & feesways to studyadmissionsapply college studentsdistance educationinternational studentsopen studiestransfers & life experiencestudents resourcesformslibrarypopulisupportalumniseminarychurch hubsdonatecontact 















homeadmin_jayna2025-01-16t11:13:03-06:00 
preparing competent christian leaders with the church, for the church. 
welcome!
mcs is a christian pentecostal leadership college, serving canada since 1939. we partner with the local church to develop christian leaders across the nation!
in a groundbreaking new collaboration, horizon college & seminary and mcs are ushering in a new era of academic excellence and spiritual growth. our innovative partnership brings together two esteemed institutions to offer unparalleled opportunities for students. with a shared commitment to holistic education and ministry preparation, we unite, armed with tradition and innovation, to empower future leaders.
about the partnershipwhat’s new at mcs









						is online learning right for you?					








is online learning right for you?  distance education (de): answers to your top questions!   thinking about taking christian college or seminary courses online? it's a great way to earn a [...]










						who’s your 1?					








who’s your 1?dear parents, pastors, and church leaders, for years, we've heard that the church is facing a leadership crisis.  we believe we can help with the solution - [...]










						3 things we need from you, church hubs!					








3 things we need from you, church hubs!  we couldn't be more excited about our church hubs, launching this september! if you are a church hub or are planning to study at one this [...]










						the ywc coalition partnership					








the ywc coalition partnership mcs partners with the youth coalition to disciple leaders   opening a new program pathway for youth ministry leaders  in january of 2024, mcs signed [...]

more news3 ways to study with mcs
1. on campusjoin us in mississauga, ontariomississauga campus
an ideal location for our ontario constituents!
2. at a church hubnew locations springing up across canadalearn from your church!
is there a church hub near you?
3. onlineaccessible for all canadiansstudy wherever you're at!
we’re proud to offer an exceptional distance education experience for canadian students.
ways to study
pentecostal training, wherever you’re at.
introducing church hubs
we’re bringing christian leadership development into the local church! preparing competent christian leaders with the church, for the church.

what’s a church hub?

let’s light up canada!
partnering with the local church to develop christian leaders across the nation! is there a church hub near you?








































































































view locations
customizable programming

mcs+plus programming gets you intense christian worldview formation plus vocational training for careers and service both within and beyond the church.
how it workseach one…
each one is unique. each one is valued. each one has purpose. each one matters.
mcs believes that each one of us have a “god-shaped” calling… a divine design that creates meaning and direction for our lives.
each one of us are made in god’s image and we’re called to reflect him everywhere we go. he’s inviting us to be part of his mission in the world!
when you start at mcs, you’ll be educated, equipped, and empowered to go anywhere and be engaged in serving wherever he calls you.
program paths“all of you together are christ’s body, and each one of you is a part of it.” (1 corinthians 12:27 nlt).
0%of our 2021 first year students received at least one entrance scholarship or award0 studentsstudying with us in 20220%of our students say mcs was their 1st choice (ssi 2022)a message from our president
“my name is jeromey martini and i have the honour of serving as the president of both mcs and horizon college & seminary in an amazing cross-provincial partnership between the paoc’s two longest-serving colleges. we announced our partnership in december, but if you missed it you can still read about it here!
along with this incredible partnership, there are several exciting changes happening at mcs. we’re so excited for what god is doing!”
5 things to know about mcsdr. jeromey martini
president
mcs
horizon college & seminary
follow us




 
 






		© master's college & seminary   |   all rights reserved   |   

info@mcs.edu   |   1-800-295-6368	


mcs-horizon video centrelibraryfacebookinstagramyoutubexemail
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link




your financial support is important to us!
how to donate to mcs during the postal strike:

e-transfer from your online bank account to finance@mcs.edu. no security question is needed.include your full name and address in the message section for receipting purposes.
use our online payment option (secured by canadahelps.org).
call 1-800-295-6368 or 705-749-0725 to arrange donation by visa or mastercard.
come into the office to process your donation by cheque or credit card.
contact nicole at nicole.martini@mcs.edu to set up an ongoing, pre-authorized donation.




financial office hours are 9:00 am - 5:00 pm monday to thursday.






















go to top




