







brms | myhealthbenefits













































our sites



                                brms
                            


                                provider gateway
                            


                                plan analytics
                            


                                executive analytics
                            


                                fsa store
                            
































 


















remember me








login 
add to homescreen
 




forgot password?


forgot username?


create a new account


machine readable files (mrfs)










myhealthbenefits mobile

                                        all features and capabilities of mhb are now mobile-friendly. to experience the mobile-friendly version of mhb, please click on the type of mobile device you have and follow the steps provided.
                                    



                                                ios 




                                                android 








instructions for android devices

×





go to www.myhealthbenefits.com using chrome or another browser
press on the prompt "add to home screen" at the bottom of the screen or tap on an ellipsis (3 dots) in the top right and choose "install app" option.  


                                                                select the "install" option and then our icon will be added on home screen next to other apps.
                                                                once the app is installed simply tap on the brms icon which displays in "app drawer"/ recently visited/ current apps running, just like other apps.
                                                            

you can then sign in into the app with the same username/password you use to log in on the website.
mhb app offers all the same functionality as the website.




close








instructions for ios devices

×




go to www.myhealthbenefits.com using safari or another browser
tap the share icon (the square with an arrow pointing out of it) at the bottom of the screen
scroll down the list of actions and tap "add to home screen" (if you don't see the action, scroll
                                                        to the bottom and tap edit actions, then tap add next to the add to home screen action.
                                                        after that, you'll be able to select it from the share sheet.)

type a name for the site link, such as "myhealthbenefits login". this will be the title that appears beneath the site icon on your home screen.
tap "add" in the top right corner of the screen which will then add our icon to your home screen in the next available space.

you can then sign in into the app with the same username/password you use to log in on the website.
mhb app offers all the same functionality as the website.



close










providers

view claims, check eligibility and view medical requests.



visit provider gateway 

















                            tested:
                            











bootstrap
11 mins ago

×



            hello, world! this is a toast message.
        




















© 2025 benefit & risk management services. all rights reserved.

privacy policy
                    ·
                    terms & conditions













