










the children's house - the children's house





























the children's houseinquiredonatewaypointssearchsubmit search


about

why montessori
our history
faculty
specialists
support staff
administration
board of directors
alumni
press
employment
contact us


programs

infant
toddler
primary
elementary
compass junior high
summer
specials
friends club
extracurriculars


admission
family portal
events
giving











independent.
intelligent.
interesting.







why montessori





junior high





family portal















partnering with families to raise exceptional learners.
we believe the real test is life itself.
we believe in the intelligence of every child and that each child has a gift.
we believe school should be a place where this intelligence can be cultivated and fully expressed through purposeful, interesting work.
our goal is for every child who graduates from our school to love learning for a lifetime.







the programs



infant




toddler




primary






elementary




junior high




summer










our mission
we prepare a montessori learning environment that supports and respects the development of each unique child and nurtures them to become independent, curious, confident, lifelong learners who strive to contribute to their communities and the greater world.













points of interest
the children's house blog



incorporating diversity into the montessori classroom
february 7, 2025
“the needs of mankind are universal. our means of meeting them create the richness and diversity of the planet. the montessori child should come to relish the texture of that diversity” 
- continue reading...


the role of the adult in a montessori classroom
january 24, 2025
our society knows teachers. teachers give information. teachers provide an education. teachers instruct.
in a montessori classroom, however, the role of the adult is rather nuanced. the adult is there to facilitate, continue reading...

more posts...

previous blog posts





upcoming events















our commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging

forever inspired by the wisdom of dr. maria montessori, the children’s house and compass montessori junior high cultivate a learning community where we aim for everyone to feel safe, welcome, and included, and wherein all people are empowered to explore the richness and diversity of humanity, and in doing so discover who they are, where they come from, and how they wish to contribute to our ever-changing world.












 












main campus
5363 n long lake rd, traverse city, mi 49685(231) 929-9325


park street campus
101 n. park streettraverse city, mi 49684


get connected

find us on facebook
follow us on instagram
see our videos






 the children's house
editors
powered by liaa








