




 







benicia main street - a california main street program

































a california main street program






  



  



  







home
about

discover downtown benicia

getting here
walks & bike guides


about benicia main street

staff & board

meetings & minutes


the depot gift shop
sponsors & partners
adopt a storm drain


available properties for lease


events

2025 events & promotions
vendor forms & applications
volunteer with us
downtown club & sponsorship


directory
downtown dollars
gift shop & see’s candies
contact
 










		
    	        
		upcoming benicia main street events & promotions        
                
	







 









 



















st. patrick’s day beer crawl – sat., march 8 from 1-5pm 






 




cheers to a shamrockin’ good time as you taste up to 15 craft beers and stroll the unique boutiques and galleries on first street. enjoy: ✨ a selection of stouts, lagers, and unique seasonal ales ✨ snacks served at select locations. ✨ fun games, music, and plenty of lucky surprises! come in your best green […]
more









benicia certified farmers market 






 




the benicia certified farmers market will return for its 33rd season on april 24 meet us on first street on thursday evenings for locally-grown fresh produce, specialty foods, live music, artisan vendors, and community nonprofits. about the market: located on first street between b and d streets, the seasonal market offers farm fresh produce along […]
more









fundraise for us with farm fresh to you 






 




  receive fresh, organic produce conveniently delivered right to your home or office while earning 10% for benicia main street. customize your service: no commitment. you can change your box type or delivery frequency to fit your needs. every delivery can be customized with your favorite produce and artisan farm products. already a customer? click […]
more










subscribe to our newsletter 

sign up today!
email address:








our sponsors










 



instagram











beniciamainst








cheers to a shamrockin’ good time as you taste u






say it with @seescandies ❤️ we have a sweet se






on saturday, february 1 from 1-5pm, downtown benic






who’s hungry? time to show our amazing restauran






happy new year! did you know our 2025 calendar of 






we’re taking these next few days to rest and rec






￼the depot is open today for your last minute se






we have fresh holiday greenery for sale! a variety






as of now, we are still on for tomorrow’s event.



 


load more...






 follow on instagram















benicia main street 

© benicia main street 2025 powered by wordpress • themify wordpress themes 

↑ back to top

























