

blog hosting - cheap blog web hosting





















































 






















































											read more 
order 
											now 






































													cpanel / fantastico control 
													panel







													php,
													
													perl,
													
													ror,
													
													mysql








													ssl,
													
													ftp,
													
													web statistics







													unlimited e-mail accounts






													microsoft frontpage extensions






													website builders






													best support in the industry






													and much more...
















 valerie, 
										usa
out of all 
										the blog hosts i have used, francey.org 
										is the best and cheapest. no other blog 
										host offers so much disk space, bandwidth, 
										and real quality technical support for such 
										a low price. the stability and more importantly 
										the customer service is beyond amazing! 
										you guys keep up the great work!


 















 blog hosting

francey.org 
								provides blog hosting to thousands of individuals 
								worldwide.

we value our customers 
								and have developed a blog hosting module that provides 
								our customers with a perfect blend of the cheapest 
								prices, tons of features, rock solid reliability, 
								and fast friendly technical support. 



 cheap blog web hosting packages

our cheap blog web 
								hosting consistently impress our clients and baffle 
								our competition considering the extreme amount of 
								features provided, reliable high-speed performance 
								network, and fast technical support.









												value blogger: this cheap 
												blog web hosting package was 
												designed to meet the needs of 95% 
												of all bloggers.



												power blogger: this is a 
												powerful blog web hosting 
												package that meets the needs of 
												99% of all bloggers.





												pro blogger: this is a blog 
												web hosting package designed for 
												an extremely large blog or even 
												a business website.



												pro blogger plus: allows 
												an individual that owns multiple 
												domains to host them all under 
												one blog hosting package.














































 



please 
														visit the
														
														package features page 
														for more information and 
														to order.


 




































































                  francey.org 

                  provides blog hosting at the very 

                  best quality  in the industry. by 

                  eliminating all unnecessary costs and by utilizing the latest open 

                  source software, we can keep costs down and provide our 

                  clients with highly reliable and cheap blog web hosting.

















when you choose one of our 

      blog hosting packages, you receive 100's of 

                  features providing everything your website needs to flourish 

                  online. you are not limited to only running a blog with our 

      service. with our cheap blog web hosting you can install shopping carts, 

      forums, image galleries, chat rooms, and more all for free at the click of 

      the mouse.

















you deserve a blog hosting 

                  provider with rock-solid reliability. our robust network 

                  infrastructure ensures maximum uptime and superior performance 

                  for our blog hosting packages. our network architecture 

      utilizes the enterprise routing and switching engines from juniper and 

      cisco. we utilize juniper m20 routers as border routers, cisco 6500 series 

      switches in our distribution layer and cisco 6500 switches in our 

      aggregation layers, and cisco 3500 and 2900 series switches at the client 

      layer. our network is fully meshed and redundant backbone providers for a 

      total of 100 gigabits /second of available bandwidth.











 






being 

                  the leading cheap blog web hosting provider in the industry, 

      our goal is to provide our customers comprehensive resolutions to problems 

      in a quick timeframe. our technical support help desk system routes technical support 

      questions directly to support team members that are best able to resolve 

      your issue. our current average help desk response time is 6 minutes 20 seconds.














































 
 










cheap blog web 
                      hosting
© 2005-2016 francey.org blog 
                      hosting, llc.
acceptable use policy  
                      |  
                      terms of service
 











home|hosting|domains|members|affiliates|articles|contact











 
















