
















lisa smith-batchen




























































































important links


dreamchasers
running hope to america
coaching / camps / speaking
join newsletter
twitter
facebook









































































saturday, april 06, 2013







the 28th marathon des sables: let the journey begin!!!





happy spring!!

 the 28th marathon des sables begins tommorrow sunday morning april 7th, at 9 am morocco time. mds is my favorite race for so many reasons but the top reason that stands out is that it is one of the most amazing journeys of self-discovery.9 liters of water a day and the supplies you have on your back is all you have for 6-7 days. you don’t have a crew to give you ice or cold water, a van to get in to sit in the air conditioner. you have yourself to learn how to survive with what is on your back.
 the 7-8 other people who are sharing your tent with you become part of your family and they will be part of your family for the rest of your life. the friendships, the bonding with perfect strangers is beyond anything i can explain to you.

 the race was once again sold out and is sold out for 2014. dreamchasers has 75 runners this year taking part. we are so thrilled to have our 1st american women’s team (team name is dreamchasers) with three amazingly talented women. megahn hicks race # 1082, sada crawford (cynthia crawford) race # 1065 and julie bryan race # 1046. this is going to be one amazing race to watch! megahn has a great deal of mds race experience, this will be sada and julies first mds. i have coached julie and sada and can say they are both capable of placing in the top as well as megahn. the men better watch out for these women.

our jay batchen is running his 10th mds, his race number is 1063. jay has run a total of 18 miles for his training this year but counts on his 4 days of ice hockey. amazing how the cross training pays off:)

 other coaching students to look out for as stuart erskine race # 1072, james murray race # 1095, jean valdez race # 1112, tommy evans race # 1073, samantha harper race # 1049, katherine hay heddle race # 1079, james yee race #, 1120 and many more to talk about this week.

 the web site link is below: http://www.marathondessables.com/en/

 to find or check results click below: http://www.marathondessables.co.uk/site/content/race-results to email the runners and to leave messages is now live on the www.marathondessables.com website.
 go to “messages” on the right hand side of the new landing page. you need to scroll down the dropbox to find the race number of the runner. the verification process so well explained. http://www.marathondessables.com/en/stage-journal/echos-from-the-bivouac.html you can email the runners from 06 to 12 april 2013 go to the website and follow the instructions. 

http://www.marathondessables.com section "write to competitors" after 12 april, this email service will no longer be operational. only messages with surname, first name and race id number will be transferred. do not send attachments (e.g. photos). this will cancel the message. messages will be given to competitors on the bivouac every day. note: aoi cannot transfer messages posted on facebook, twitter,... .

 to join our dreamchasers newsletter click on the link below: http://www.dreamchaserevents.com/newsletter 

to join our dreamchasers facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/dreamchasers?ref=hl

 if you are interested in running 2014 or 2015 mds please email: lisa@dreamchaserevents.com we do have a waiting list for 2014 but there is a very good chance you may get into the race.

 2013 fall running camp get out your calendars—time to plan for camp! this is great training and learning for begginners to old timers! running mds, badwater, western states, training for your first half marathon this camp is for you and it is for anyone who has a dream! 

2013 fall running camp with: lisa smith-batchen, marshall ulrich, ray zahab and julie bryan whether you’re just starting to run or are an experienced ultrarunner, you’ll get the guidance and advice to help you achieve your goals. learn from the experience of four of the most accomplished ultrarunners in the world in the majestic setting of the teton mountains! for details go to this link: 

http://www.dreamchaserevents.com/camps/2013-fall-running-camp

 for questions email: lisa@dreamchaserevents.com please feel free to share and pass this information onto your friends.

 have a beautiful day lisa smith-batchen 
www.dreamchaserevents.com 





posted by



lisa smith-batchen




at

4:27 pm



4 comments:
  





























friday, april 05, 2013







what are your thoughts on nsaids?





 nsaids almost killed me 2 years ago, my own fault! it was the perfect storm that landed me for 6 days in the hospital with near kindney failure. it took me over a year to recover. the heat of badwater, lack of real fitness, salt, dehydration and celebrex. 
think twice before you start taking pills what the outcome may be!
i would love to know what your thoughts are!



 studies have found that nsaid use during long events, such as a marathon or triathlon, actually decreases kidney function, which can lead to very dangerous issues, including a decreased ability to properly regulate your sodium and electrolyte status and your hydration levels. this becomes especially dangerous in the heat, in which there is already a great amount of stress on the kidneys, and this extra stress may create a high risk of long term kidney damage or kidney failure.
one of most  eye opening studies on ibuprofen use during exercise occurred in research performed during the western states trail running race, which is a popular and grueling 100 mile race. in this study, runners were split into three groups: a group with no ibuprofen intake, a group taking 600 mg of ibuprofen one day before and on race day, and a group taking 1200 mg of ibuprofen one day before and on race day.
this study found that both of the ibuprofen groups had significantly higher levels of muscle damage, and this effect increased with higher amounts of ibuprofen intake. ironically, fitness performance, post-workout soreness, and the subjects’ ratings of perceived exertion were not affected by taking ibuprofen – which means that a) ibuprofen did not help at all and b) ibuprofen caused greater inflammation and muscle damage.

just saying..






posted by



lisa smith-batchen




at

11:20 am



no comments:
  





























saturday, march 02, 2013







come train with lisa and pam reed for 5 days for free in the grand tetons!





hi everyone! as you know i live in training paradise for all kinds of races! we may not have extreme heat but we have hot yoga, saunas and steam rooms. the one thing we do have is large trails or roads with big, long and steep mountain passes to climb. come train with us for your race this summer, bring your friends!
 
this year i am fortunate enough to be able to give my 10th official badwater race another try. unfinished business is hard for all of us. my training is going really well. pam reed who also lives here in the tetons is going for her 9th badwater.
how cool is that? pam and i have both won the badwater race 2 times and we would love for you to come and train with us
 
pam and i would like to invite you to come and train with us in the magic on the grand tetons on tuesday june 4th through sunday june 9th.
 
this training is free to all of you and your friends. we will supply one airport pick up on tuesday june 4th and one airport drop off on sunday june 9th. the airport you will fly into is jackson hole wyoming. 
 
there will be a small fee for the shuttle or you can rent your own car.
you will either stay at teton springs resort and spa in victor idaho for a very reduced rate or we will find you a home stay with a local family. 
 
lisa works at teton springs resort and it is amazing! located right at the base of the teton pass where most of our training will happen. the resort has a 25 meter salt water pool, golf, tennis, fitness center where we do all kinds of yoga and functional core training.
 
here is what your week would look like:
 
tuesday: june 4th: arrive to jackson hole wyoming by 3 pm. mst. 
meet for dinner at 6 pm.
night run up to 2 hours with headlamps starting at 9 pm.
 
wednesday june 5th: up to 30 miles of steep hill training on the teton pass. we will start at 6,000 feet and climb to 10,000 feet doing repeats. crew will be available to carry your supplies.
in the evening we will do hot yoga
 
thursday: up to 30 miles again but this time going from teton canyon uphill for 8 miles. we will be doing repeats.
crew will be available to carry your supplies.
in the evening we will do yoga and functional core exercises for runners.
 
friday: up to 25 miles on the “old pass road” from jackson hole wyoming.
in the evening yoga movie
 
sat. pam is the race director of the jackson hole half marathon today and we are all going to run the half marathon and after the race go white water rafting!
 
sunday: early morning up and down the teton pass for a total of 15 miles and then depart to airport. your depart from the airport can be after 12 noon.
 
please let us know if you and your friends want to join us
happy feet
lisa and pam
www.dreamchaserevents.com





posted by



lisa smith-batchen




at

7:05 am



2 comments:
  





























monday, february 25, 2013







what does retired mean?





as you know i retired from running races and i was graciously inducted  into the hall of fame. i am full of gratitude for this honor.
i wanted to be the first women to do 10 badwater races, however my last try did not turn out the way i had planned and dreamed about.
i was taking celebrex for my foot pain, out of shape and needless to say “the perfect storm” hit me.
i spent 6 days in the hospital in lone pine, and accumulated an extra 38 pounds of fluid. i was one very sick person.
after out of the hospital sister marybeth reminded me that i was the first women to do 10 badwater races. one year 7 miles from the finish line i had to get an iv, i went back and finished the race but was nof, as it should have been.
sister marybeth asked me..”who do you need credit from to be the first women to have 10 badwaters?” 
this question hit me hard as it sunk into my heart. did i need the credit of the race, would i give myself credit?  who had to give me the credit??
sister marybeth said, “god gives you credit lisa, his credit is the only one that really matters”.  wow! she was right!
i am the first women to do 10 badwater races. god gives me credit and i give myself credit. amen.
 
a few weeks ago i went on a 10 mile walk . i was praying, meditating, crying and thinking about the big journey i am dreaming about in death valley this summer. very few people know my plan but i am going to attempt the badwater quad.  the missions marshall ulrich and i raise money for need our help. we have 7 missions that each have over 700 children. four of them have no water at all and the other three have broken water wells. doing the quad will be to raise money for water wells and clean water for all of these children. anyone else want to help raise money? we need to raise $70,000. dreamchasers foundation!
 
on my walk i started to think about the race and my ego said “yes lisa why not make your journey part of the race and get the official 10th badwater and have the credit of the race as well as god and yourself.”
i started to laugh because as i was walking i said out loud, “no”.
then (as we all have at times) my mind went back and forth, “why not? well because i retired. you can just finish the race, you don’t have to race the race…” haha. will the real lisa please stand up!! 
ego is something we all have, i have tried for a very long time to leave mine at the door!! we all have ego and i feel at the age of 52 mine is a healthy ego. 
for so long my dream was to be the first women to complete 10 badwater races. as an athlete or non- athlete i know all of you can appreciate the hard part of letting go of a dream, moving past it, and acceptance. i have not been able to let go of the fact that i don’t have completion. i have unfinished business.
my life is about no regrets and no second thoughts… i would always have a twinge of regret about not making it “official”…. it would be a grain of sand in my shoe.  i think that i may owe myself one last shot at the official  10th.
this is not about ego… this is about self-fulfillment.  it is also about unfinished business. my personal goal was always to have 10 official badwater races. i don’t have any desire to race any longer or to beat people. the desire to complete my goal of 10 is what i have not let go of.
 let the training begin. i am honored that i will stand one last time at the starting line of the badwater 135 with so many wonderful and amazing friends. my heart is full of gratitude!





posted by



lisa smith-batchen




at

2:37 pm



11 comments:
  





























tuesday, march 20, 2012







are you a dreamchaser?





my entire life i have been a dreamchaser, the kind of person that will tell you to reach for the stars, go for it, what are you waiting for.what is your dream?how will you achieve it?the first question may be hard to answer. you may have many dreams. yet, there must be one that stands out above all others...one that inspires you, energizes you, and empowers you to do everything you can to achieve it. my next dream is in 2013 is  to run across ethiopia from one mission to another to raise money for the orphans and for clean water. do you think i can make this dream a reality?the second question is the reason most people never realize their dreams. they have no plan in place for working on or reaching  it, no knowledge of what is needed and must be sometimes feel scared to have the dream come true, because it takes hard work and commitment. come on...let's get together and find a way for you to chase down that dream of yours! we can find a way or make one!will you achieve your dreams in your lifetime?i am sure that you desire to. i'm sure you hope you will. but will you actually do it? what odds would you give yourself? one in five? one in a hundred? one in a million? how can you tell whether your chances are good or whether your dream will always remain exactly that—a dream? sit down with a pencil and paper right now and write down your top 3 dreams. next write down all the ways, all the people who can help you make these dreams become a reality! reach out and make the first step...do it now!most people have no idea how to achieve their dreams. what they have are feelings that there is something they would like to do someday or someone they would like to become. but they don't know how to get from here to there. if that describes you, then you'll be glad to know that you can achieve your dream and that they can become a reality.i challenge you to own your dreams.. change your life...to make your dreams become a reality.if i can do it so can you!find a dream and chase it down, let's do it together!happy daylisa





posted by



lisa smith-batchen




at

2:19 pm



3 comments:
  





























monday, march 19, 2012







working out with cancer





working out with cancer:david haasmesothelioma cancer alliance guest bloggerto contact david:davdhaas@gmail.combeing diagnosed with a rare form of cancer like mesothelioma, or any form of cancer is a terrible ordeal for a person to experience. when this happens, many cancer patients feel an immediate sense of dread, depression and anger. these are perfectly normal emotional reactions to such a difficult piece of information. cancer is hard to deal with and difficult to fight, the treatments are hard and the side effects are worse. cancer patients need all the help they can get to fight their battle to ensure they live a long, healthy life that does not include cancer. exercise and fitness is one of the best things a cancer patient can get while they are undergoing treatment for their cancer.energy balance is one of the best benefits of getting plenty of exercise during cancer. a positive energy balance is crucial considering the fact that cancer can make a person’s energy balance completely off and completely crazy. those with better energy have a better chance at survival and at going through their treatments with ease. the amount of exercise that is recommended for everyone, not just cancer patients, is a mere 150 minutes of exercise each week. this is broken down into just about 21 minutes per day of exercise, a perfectly reasonable and easy to accomplish amount of exercise.another benefit of exercise for cancer patients is that it improves a person’s quality of life by a large amount. those that work out have a better feeling of overall health that makes them feel better about themselves and life in general. those who exercise are more likely to have a positive outlook on their treatment, which will help them to respond better. additionally, exercise will help to reduce the negative side effects that are so common with most cancer treatments. depression, fatigue, exhaustion, vomiting and overall feelings of illness are very common with most cancer treatments. while no one enjoys experiencing these side effects, they are often necessary when it comes to fighting cancer. however, cancer patients can greatly reduce their risk of experiencing these side effects through exercise. exercise improves the immune system, which helps to make a person feel better and to fight off illness, which is a huge plus for those experiencing any of these side effects or about to start their cancer treatment.there are too many benefits of fitness and exercise to ignore when it comes to living with cancer. exercise and fitness will not cure a person of their cancer, but exercise combined with cancer treatment can make a person’s chance of survival greater, and their overall health much better throughout the course of the entire cancer and treatment process.





posted by



lisa smith-batchen




at

3:27 pm



1 comment:
  





























sunday, june 05, 2011








training time: a poem





i'm signed up for a race, but, i haven't been training,no speed work for pace,no long runs - how utterly constraining!the days go by,the race draws near,this ain't no lie:i'm plagued with fears!when you have a list full of chores,training time's hard to find ready,a family to cook for,a job to hold steady.iron clothes,make the bed,shop at lowe'sclean out the shed!oh! my head is spinning;much to do before bed,this stack of chores isn't thinning.is this what it feels like to be brain-dead?must wash the dog,must feed the cat,must walk the bird - wait... i don't have a cat.  and walk the bird? oh, dear. my mind's turned to sap!don't get me wrong,i'm not complaining.my life's a jolly song,quite entertaining!i love my kids,love my hubby-boo!love our dog skip,even when, on the rug, he poos.so i can't train for hours at a time - big flippin' deal.i have confidence this race will be mine,even if it's last place i steal!truth is, i wouldn't change a thing,about this crazy, hectic life of minelife's so sweetly full i could sing...and if i belt out of tune, hope you don't mind!you can't put life on hold just to go run.why that would just suck!and ultrarunning should be fun.so, soon i will stand on that starting line, training or none... wish me luck!





posted by



lisa smith-batchen




at

8:21 am



3 comments:
  































older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















search this blog




















about lisa

world-class endurance athlete and ultrarunner, lisa smith-batchen has competed in countless races around the world.  she is the only american to have won the marathon des sables in the sahara.  she has completed badwater nine times, including a double crossing, and has won the race twice.  last summer, lisa smith-batchen became the first person to run 50 miles in each of the 50 states to raise money for orphans.  co-owner and founder of the dreamchasers foundation, she and her husband jay batchen offer personalized  training and camps to help other athletes achieve their goals.  100% of the proceeds go to the dreamchasers foundation and to aids orphans rising.  to make a donation click here: donations









email subscriptions powered by feedblitz

your email address:powered by feedblitz



blog archives





april 2013 (2)
      

march 2013 (1)
      

february 2013 (1)
      

march 2012 (2)
      

june 2011 (1)
      

may 2011 (2)
      

april 2011 (10)
      

march 2011 (5)
      

february 2011 (1)
      

january 2011 (2)
      

december 2010 (2)
      

november 2010 (1)
      

october 2010 (4)
      

june 2010 (6)
      

may 2010 (32)
      

april 2010 (16)
      

march 2010 (2)
      

february 2010 (5)
      

january 2010 (4)
      

december 2009 (3)
      

november 2009 (4)
      

october 2009 (3)
      

september 2009 (8)
      

august 2009 (9)
      

july 2009 (13)
      

june 2009 (4)
      

may 2009 (9)
      

april 2009 (5)
      

march 2009 (11)
      

february 2009 (5)
      

january 2009 (7)
      

december 2008 (11)
      

november 2008 (4)
      

october 2008 (17)
      

september 2008 (8)
      

august 2008 (4)
      

july 2008 (19)
      

june 2008 (6)
      

may 2008 (7)
      

april 2008 (26)
      

march 2008 (17)
      

february 2008 (28)
      

january 2008 (5)
      

december 2007 (5)
      

november 2007 (5)
      

october 2007 (17)
      

september 2007 (5)
      

august 2007 (7)
      

july 2007 (36)
      

june 2007 (12)
      

may 2007 (10)
      

april 2007 (17)
      

march 2007 (13)
      

february 2007 (15)
      

january 2007 (20)
      

december 2006 (21)
      

november 2006 (19)
      

october 2006 (24)
      

september 2006 (21)
      

august 2006 (34)
      

july 2006 (55)
      

june 2006 (54)
      

may 2006 (45)
      

april 2006 (26)
      

march 2006 (41)
      

february 2006 (23)
      

january 2006 (1)
      






lisa's sponsors


body glide
clif bar
crescent moom
engo
hammer nutrition
injinji
kinesys
monavie
nathan
nautica
nike
nuun
patagonia
pearl izumi
penguin brand
petzl
petzl
pharmanex
salt stick
sharkies
smartwool
smith optics
tram bars
trinity cross




my blog list










5 miles past empty




new year...same me...



                      -
                    

...and that's ok.

same me but with a little more clarity and determination, maybe its the 
years of life and experience? this year i will be 40....can you b...












tell us your story «  tell us your story & share our's




miracles big or small



                      -
                    



miracles. big or small, too often we take them for granted? miracles 
happen, every day, every minute. being alive and breathing and loving and 
learning –...












ambitious aspirations make great accomplishments




end of an era



                      -
                    

i’ve been writing this post on/off for a few months now but am finally 
ready to post it.  this year, and the past 6 years since starting this 
blog, have be...







































simple theme. theme images by zbindere. powered by blogger.
























