








  













medalcraft mint inc. - the american way to mint











		  skip to main content
		
















(800) 558-6348
info@medalcraft.com



medalcraft mint 






about
careers
news
contact







all productsmedallicchallenge coinsmedallionsmedalslapel pinskeychains & key fobsspecialty itemsview all medalliccollegiatechain of officemacegraduation & honors medalsview all collegiatepackaging & displayboxes & standsshadow boxes & plaquesspinnerscrystal awardsview all packaging & displaycustom optionsminting processmedallicchain of officemaceindustrieseducationgovernment & militaryfirst respondersdonor networkfoundations & organizationscorporate

request quote


























the american way to mintget startedthe american way to mintget startedthe american way to mintget startedthe american way to mintget startedthe american way to mintget startedwhy medalcraft?a track record of american-made quality since 1948medalcraft mint inc. specializes in the design and production of custom medallions, challenge coins, and commemoratives for corporate, education, military, law enforcement, and special event customers. 

your time is important. so are your budgets. with medalcraft, you can protect both—all while receiving products of the highest quality, carefully handcrafted here in america.made in the usawe custom-build every single product right here in green bay, wisconsin which means superior quality and faster leadtimes.superior qualityour die-striking process allows us to use higher-quality materials than is possible when using casted molds.competitive pricingamerican-made does not have to mean more expensive. we understand your budget and price our product competitively.quick leadtimeour wisconsin production facility eliminates the uncertainty that comes with waiting for an overseas shipment to arrive.die creationwe use a die-striking process to produce consistently accurate reproductions of every custom design.trusted by highest officeswe have designed and produced official inaugural medals for several u.s. presidents as well as items for the u.s. military.the minting processwe use only solid materials, selected for their purity and metallic composition, in the minting process. our craftsmen die-strike all medals, medallions and other items from brass, nickel-silver, bronze, copper and precious metals.learn moreindustries we servemedalcraft mint works with customers in virtually every segment of the economy to develop effective team building, recognition and award programs using premium products manufactured in our wisconsin facility. our experienced team can help you create just the right item to achieve the desired results.government & militaryagencies at every level of government depend on medalcraft mint for high-quality, competitively priced commemoratives that reinforce their commitment to public service. educationinstitutions at all levels of the educational spectrum rely on us for items ranging from graduation medallions to chains of office to ceremonial maces. mix in donor recognition gifts and faculty service awards, and it’s no wonder schools throughout the usa regard medalcraft mint so highly.donor networkwhether you want to thank a living donor or a donor family, a medallion from medalcraft mint can be a perfect gift that they will cherish for years to come. we can help you create custom medallions that celebrate the gift of life and the spirit of organ donation.first respondersas the first line of defense, first responders deserve recognition and medallic products are a great way to do that! medalcraft mint is proud to produce american-made medals, challenge coins and other custom-designed items for these dedicated individuals.foundations & organizationsfoundations and non-profit organizations rely on the goodwill and expertise of board members and volunteers to operate effectively. recognition gifts, challenge coins and other custom-designed items from medalcraft mint communicate gratitude and shared values with the valued individuals in your circle.corporatekeeping your workforce engaged while promoting cooperation are ongoing challenges in a corporate environment. medalcraft mint can help you honor deserving achievements and reinforce the sense of team that is so crucial to your company’s success.about medalcraft mintwe are known for our dedication to customer service, quality control, speed to market and continual enhancements to our processes in our role as an industry leader. we are proud to have won more awards for superior metal striking over the past three decades than anyone in our industry.read more









request quote
(800) 558-6348







about

history
why medalcraft?
frequently asked questions
testimonials
news
contact us



products

medallic
collegiate
packaging & display



industries

education
government & military
first responders
donor network
foundations & organizations
corporate



careers

current openings
veteran support
fair labor code
reliability engineering program





copyright © 2024 the medalcraft mint inc. company and its licensors. all rights reserved. all trademarks and brands are property of their respective owners.
asi 70130, ppai 112492, upic medlcrft, sage 52575, ara 8751














homeall productsmedallicchallenge coinsmedallionsmedalslapel pinskeychains & key fobsspecialty itemscollegiatechain of officemacegraduation & honors medalspackaging & displayboxes & standsshadow boxes & plaquesspinnerscrystal awardscustom optionsminting processmedallicchain of officemaceindustrieseducationgovernment & militaryfirst respondersdonor networkfoundations & organizationscorporateaboutcareersnewscontact









