










one voice music














welcome to the ovm website




coming up:  ilu bata – 10th-13th april 2025 ~ just for congas – 18th-20th april 2025 ~ camp iroko – 6th-10th august 2025 ~ brazilian percussion weekended – 14th-17th augusts 2025

we’ve been running residential courses in cuban & brazilian percussion since 1996
we are firmly established as one of the uk’s main providers of quality education & training

here’s a quick overview of some of the courses we’ve got coming up in 2025. click on the links for more details.

ilu bata 2025
dates: 10th – 16th april 2025











these are especially designed to work both as stand alone workshops or as part of an on-going annual series. each workshop has its own unique content and can also cater for players who have different levels of knowledge and ability.
this intensive residential workshop is suitable for existing players to further their knowledge and skills under the guidance of three highly experienced tutors.
click here for more details


just for congas 2025
dates: 18th – 20th august 2025


a weekend residential workshop for intermediate levels focussing entirely on congas. 
designed to move your playing to the next level. great chance to develop technical & musical skills, and increase your knowledge of brazilian & cuban rhythms.
the workshop will cover a broad range of topics from; warm up exercises and rudiments, exploring themes using voice substitution, developing co-ordination & independence, patterns for cuban & brazilian music in popular & modern styles…
click here for more details


camp iroko 2025
dates: 6th – 10th august 2025



come and enjoy a feast of drumming and singing located in the hertfordshire countryside. our base is an activity centre in wymondley woods and adjacent is a 20-acre conservation area with mature woods, stream, pond and grassland.
we’ll be covering a range of afrocuban music, from bata, bembe, guiro, iyesa, congo & rumba plus songs.
there are separate classes for each level and some classes for all levels. there’ll be workshop sessions on wednesday evening, all day thursday, friday & saturday and on sunday morning & afternoon.
click here for more details


brasil de todos os ritmos weekender 2025
dates: 14th – 17th august 2025
an unforgettable weekend of brazilian rhythms and songs set in the beautiful hertfordshire countryside. immerse yourself in the sounds from the streets and clubs of brazils effervescent carnival scene. be inspired and challenged by the vast array of powerful folkloric rhythms from the candomblé traditions.

click here for more details


are you looking to improve your percussion skills?…..
no matter if you are a beginner, have some experience or are an advanced player.
we are passionate to help you to move on to the next level.
we offer courses and e-learning resources that can make a real difference to your playing..
read some testimonies from past students
“very impressed with raz’s teaching skills, particularly his attention to detail with each group. i felt he spent enough time with each individual section. also, his manner was very pleasant and it felt very relaxed – despite learning some new and more complex rhythms he made it seem quite easy somehow.” sambadoc, pembroke

quick links to ovm courses coming uphave a look at the list below to see if there’s a study opportunity for your level coming up soon.


select a workshop
ilu bata, 10-13 april 2025
camp iroko, 6-10 august 2025
brazilian percussion weekender, 14-17 august 2025
samba fusion in ireland, 7-9 november 2025







join our mailing list 
sign-up with your email address. 
you’ll receive 7 percussion pads* as a little ‘thank you’



* written by ravin (raz) jayasuriya, they include useful tips, notation and sound samples. great for anyone interested in percussion.












follow us










site sections:

home   about us   workshops   workshop registration   tutors   drumswork   reviews   glossaries   national training award   your comments   photo gallery (flckr)   video gallery (youtube)   links   contact us   privacy policy   





















