
















best ivf centre in chandigarh, india


































+91-8045776776
#182, sector 33a, chandigarh
infertility@bedihospital.com





















 














                                menu
                            






home
about us
team
services
insights
fellowship
contact us
appointment
 



bedi ivf & infertility centre














appointment







covid-19 updates for patients









increase the chances of successful pregnancy
the joy of becoming a parent is always priceless. your chances of getting pregnant increases with our ivf treatment - one of the best infertility treatment in north india.

consult now 














3 ivf cycles at thecost of 1
fertility treatment should never be out of reach for families who are trying to get pregnant. successful pregnancy chances increase with every ivf cycle.

book now 














free ivf consultation - every wednesday
there are a lot of myths and misconceptions about ivf treatment. our senior fertility experts are here to guide through the entire process.

consult now 






















your path to parenthood




consult now


























welcome to bedi ivf & infertility hospital




a trusted name
established in 1999 and having more than 20 years of experience in spreading up the joy of parenting and providing the proper treatment of infertility.





advanced ivf lab
we have one of the most advanced ivf lab in tricity, india. we use world class equipment and technology to enhance your chances to get your bundle of joy.





infertility & pregnancy care
we have the best gynecologists working 24x7 in the supervision of dr. g k bedi to handle any type of infertility problems, delivery and post pregnancy care.













our services













ivf
in vitro fertilisation is a process of fertilisation where an egg is combined with sperm outside the body, in vitro























iui
intrauterine insemination (iui) is a fertility treatment that involves placing sperm inside a woman's uterus to facilitate fertilization


























icsi
intracytoplasmic sperm injection (icsi) is very similar to conventional ivf. the difference between the two procedures is the method of achieving fertilisation
















cryopreservation
cryopreservation is a process where eggs and sperms are preserved by cooling to very low temperatures









































pgs
pre genetic screening  is used to determine whether the cells in an embryo contain the normal number of chromosomes














surrogacy
services as per the latest government guidelines













our team













dr g k bedi
ivf specialist
















dr parul monga
consultant gynaecologist















dr sunaina
ivf coordinator















mr paramveer singh
clinical embryologist











complete maternity care








embrace
the embrace birthing program provides you with your very own pregnancy support team in a more affordable package...
know more >







maternity
bedi hospital caters to your pregnancy right from preconception counseling to pregnancy checkups...
know more >







peads
our pediatricians are experts in their field of child care and are qualified to deal with medical as well as...
know more >



















we are very thankful to dr. g.k. bedi and the entire team of bedi ivf to fulfill our dream of having a baby after 7 years of marriage. we went to have ivf from another center but this is where we got success. thanks a lot for completing our family, our dream.












mrs. & mr. r. singh













we lost all our hope after having a failed ivf in delhi and came to know about bedi ivf online. dr. g.k. bedi made our dream come true.
thanks a lot dr. bedi and team for completing my family.












mrs. & mr. kapoor
ny citizen













we got the complete family after 8 years of the marriage.
we are thankful to dr. g.k. bedi and the entire staff of bedi ivf for providing us the real happiness of our life.












mrs. and mr. sharma
amritsar
















blogs
read articles related to infertility problems and treatments.







04jun


top causes of infertility in women







13jun


what happens after iui (intrauterine insemination)?







30jun


reasons why you're not getting pregnant!







04jul


do's & don'ts to ensure a healthy ivf pregnancy







05jul


common causes of male infertility







24jul


do's & don'ts after embryo transfer







22aug


polycystic ovary syndrome







29aug


stress and infertility








all blogs 








empanelments
the hospital plays a statewide role in rehabilitation services















































trusted by

37,298 people
								















click here to

book appointment



















bedi ivf and infertility centre is one of the oldest hospitals in tricity chandigarh. we have one of the most advanced ivf lab in tricity, india with world class equipment and technology to increase your chances to get your bundle of joy.

#182, sector 33a, chandigarh,160020
+91-8045776776
infertility@bedihospital.com






our services

ivf
iui
icsi
cryopreservation
pgs
free consultation






we’re available

monday to saturday :10:00am - 07:00pm
sunday :10:00am - 02:00pm














© 2022, bedi ivf centre. all rights reserved.














whatsapp : +91-9041114125











×






call us


























about us
bedi ivf and infertility centre is one of the oldest hospitals in tricity chandigarh. we have one of the most advanced ivf lab in tricity, india with world class equipment and technology to increase your chances to get your bundle of joy.
consultation


contact info

#182, sector 33a, chandigarh,160020
+91-7888399590
infertility@bedihospital.com

































treatment one
quantity 1
$39.00







treatment two
quantity 1
$69.00







treatment three
quantity 1
$99.00



return to shop











fill up the form






 enter your name



 enter your mobile no.



 enter your location


























