




 


marching 100 alumni band association, inc. - home









log in












 






home




about



officers




committees




local chapters



atlanta chapter



about the atlanta chapter




atlanta chapter officers




atlanta chapter contact







dmv area chapter



dmv area chapter history




about the dmv chpater




dmv area chapter officers




dmv area meetings




dmv area photos




dmv area events




dmv area chapter contact







jacksonville chapter



jacksonville chapter officers




about the jax chapter




jax chapter contact







south florida chapter



south florida chapter history




south florida chapter officers




south florida chapter contact







tallahassee chapter



tallahassee chapter officers













membership



become a member







donate



dr. william p. foster "separate entity" scholarship




10 on the 10th fundraiser




cmenc donation




education fund donation




general fund donation




ipad donation







famu bands



famu department of music




dr. foster



the legacy




2003 florida artists hall of fame induction




r.i.p. dr. foster







chronology




historic trips







scholarships



scholarship descriptions







newsletters




online store




events




contact





 




















president's message
greetings!welcome to the marching 100 alumni band association website! the marching 100 alumni band association, inc. is a non-profit, 501(c)(3) organization that supports the famu bands by awarding academic and need-based scholarships, band camp scholarships, book vouchers, and generous donations to the marching band, symphonic band, wind ensemble, and jazz band programs. the marching 100 alumni band association, inc.'s mission is to provide advocacy and assistance to the famu bands. this will be accomplished by:strengthening and extending relationships among the alumni and supporters of the famu bands. increasing the visibility as well as enhancing the image of the associationassisting the famu bands in its recruitment efforts, andproviding financial support to the famu bands.as your newly-elected president, it is my duty to move forward on the association’s mission through fostering fellowship and initiatives, establishing partnerships with local and national organizations, assisting the band staff in its student recruitment efforts, and providing unwavering service and support to the famu bands. your contributions will greatly assist our students as they matriculate through their collegiate years, with the hope that our current students will become future alumni band members and contributors to the association. please join us and become a marching 100 association band association member today! all marching 100 alumni, famu alumni, friends, and supporters are welcome to become a part of this great organization!thank you for visiting our webpage, and remember, in all the world, there is only one! sincerely,kimberly evans, national presidentmarching 100 alumni band association, inc. 










special announcements



spring 2025 book voucher application -closed

monday, january 06, 2025 5:00 pm


anonymous member





giving back

as a member or supporter of the association, there are many ways to give back to the students of the famu band programs.
band camp scholarships
book vouchers
academic scholarships
general donation


upcoming events


no upcoming events


 
membership has its privileges!
by becoming a member of the marching 100 alumni band association, you will help us continue the mission of providing scholarships and other assistance to the students of the famu band programs.
become a member


photo gallery

view photos from the marching 100 alumni band association events, famu homecoming, football games, the ole’ school and more. enjoy!

» click here to view photos


online store

 get your marching 100 alumni band and association merchandise. your purchase will help the association continue to assist the students in the famu band programs.


member online store (login required)
note: the online store is available for marching 100 alumni band association regular and lifetime members. to become a member, click here.






 









important links

business directorygone but not forgottensites we love

contact information

address
marching 100 alumni band assoc.
po box 7133
tallahassee, fl  32314-7133
email: info@marching100alumni.com

stay connected

join us on facebook, twitter and youtube and stay connected with the marching 100 alumni band association.


















 
















powered by wild apricot membership software









