



houston traffic ticket attorney & speeding ticket lawyer

























713-880-4529
















home
faqs about traffic tickets
traffic courts
attorney profile







contact us











713-880-4529











contact us












713-880-4529














got a traffic ticket?
fighting for you for over 30 years!
protect your driving record, your insurance rates and your driving privileges!! a houston traffic ticket lawyer can help you defend against these and other hidden penalties. "remember, a clean driving record and low insurance rates are never an accident!," says houston ticket attorney, kameron searle who is a former city of houston municipal court prosecutor.

free consultation 










don't pay that speeding ticket!!!
retain counsel now
warns houston speeding ticket lawyer kameron searle. there are often many hidden penalties in addition to paying the fine.  and some of them can be severe. for instance, paying a ticket can often result in higher insurance premiums that you will have to pay years into the future. also, paying a traffic ticket may result in the suspension of your drivers license, and the loss of your driving privileges.  
a houston traffic ticket lawyer can help you defend against these and other hidden penalties.

free consultation 













houston speeding ticket attorney & traffic ticket lawyer defends







speeding ticket
we'll try to get it dismissed!







accident ticket
we'll try to get it dismissed!







red light ticket
we'll try to get it dismissed!







failure to maintain financial responsibility
don't stand by and pay the price!







no insurance ticket
don't stand by and pay the price!







stop sign ticket
we'll try to get it dismissed!







speeding in a school zone ticket
we'll try to get it dismissed!







code a restrictions
take care of it for good!











driving without corrective lenses
let us help you out!







driving while license invalid (dwli)
don't let this mistake cost you dearly!







all moving violations
let us handle your violation!







trucking violations
let us handle your violation!







no insurance ticket
we'll try to get it dismissed!







ordinance violations
let us handle your violation!







all class c misdemeanor
let us help you out!







failure to appear
let us help get you cleared!














we defend traffic tickets in the following municipal courts in harris county:
city of houston, pasadena, southside place, west university place, jersey village, hunters creek, spring valley, la porte, bunker hill, hedwig village, piney point, baytown, south houston and humble.
we defend speeding and traffic tickets in all the harris county justice of the peace courts including:
harris county, texas jp 1-1 eric william carter, jp 1-2 david patronella, jp 2-1 jo ann delgado, jp 2-2 george risner, jp 3-1 joe stephens, jp 3-2 lucia bates, jp 4-1 lincoln goodwin, jp 4-2 laryssa korduba, jp 5-1 israel garcia, jp 5-2 jeff williams, jp 6-1 victor trevino iii, jp 6-2 angela rodriguez, jp 7-1 wanda adams, jp 7-2 sharon burney, jp 8-1 holly williamson and jp 8-2 louie ditta.
we also defend speeding ticket and traffic ticket violations in municipal courts around houston and harris county including jersey village, hedwig village, humble, piney point, bunker hill, jacinto city, southside place, west university place, etc.
why hire a houston traffic ticket attorney?
there are several reasons why it is advantageous to hire a lawyer to assist you in the defense of your speeding ticket or traffic ticket:
1. in addition to fines and court costs, there are often many hidden penalties when you pay a traffic ticket such as a conviction on your dps driving record, license suspension hearings, license suspensions, loss of driving privileges and higher insurance rates.  here are just a few examples of how traffic ticket convictions can hurt you.

just one traffic ticket conviction can raise your insurance rates with many companies. four or more moving violations in a twelve month period can result in a license suspension and much higher insurance rates for years to come. two convictions of no liability insurance can result in a suspension of your texas drivers license. two convictions for violating a code a restriction (not wearing glasses or contact lenses when required to do so) can result in a suspension of your drivers license.  a cdl truck driver who is convicted of two or more serious violations in a three year period can be disqualified from driving trucks.

if fines and court costs were the only penalty for paying a speeding or traffic ticket, you would not need to hire a traffic ticket lawyer. but there are many hidden penalties in addition to the fines and court costs. a traffic ticket lawyer can help protect you from these hidden penalties.
2. the city of houston municipal court and just about any other traffic court will let you plead to any traffic ticket via the internet, the mail or at an arraignment. it is not their job to tell you the ramifications or the consequences of your plea to a particular traffic ticket. remember, when you pay a speeding or traffic ticket, you are convicted of the traffic ticket.  it is not just the payment of some money to make a ticket go away or to avoid having to go to court.  when you pay the ticket, you are convicted of the offense that you paid and this can and probably will trigger some of the consequences mentioned in section 1 above.
3. a traffic ticket attorney will be familiar with the courts you will appear in.  you are probably not in the municipal court with a traffic ticket regularly, but a speeding ticket lawyer is. a traffic ticket attorney will be much more familiar with the judge hearing your traffic ticket case and that judge's ways of doing things in his or her court.
4. a traffic ticket lawyer will be much more familiar with the law that applies to your traffic ticket. was the complaint prepared correctly?  has the proper law or statute been alleged by the prosecutor? can the state prove the offenses alleged in the ticket?
houston traffic ticket attorney kameron searle is a former city of houston municipal court prosecutor and can assist you with the defense of traffic tickets and class c misdemeanors in the municipal courts and the justice of the peace courts in houston and harris county, texas.
our bond posting policies
if you have missed a court date and have a failure to appear or a warrant for your arrest, traffic ticket attorney kameron searle can help lift your warrant. see our criteria for posting bonds at the city of houston below. we post bonds at the city of houston.
so you missed a court date on a traffic ticket at the city of houston. we can post post bonds for our clients at the city of houston on a case by case basis. we reserve the right not to post bonds on your behalf. we have certain guidelines that we follow when deciding whether or not to post bonds on behalf of our clients:
1. we will only consider posting bonds for our clients who live in harris county. if you live outside of harris county, you will need to post a cash bond or post a surety bond through a bonding company to remove your warrant.
2. we will only consider posting bonds on a client with a valid texas drivers license. if you do not have a valid texas drivers license, you may post a cash bond or post a surety bond through a bonding company to remove your warrant.
3. we will not post bonds for cdl truck drivers regardless of where you live. if you are a cdl truck driver, you may post a cash bond or post a surety bond through a bonding company to remove your warrant.
4. we will not post bonds for those who are not residing in the united states legally. if you are not residing in the united states legally, you may post a cash bond or post a surety bond through a bonding company to remove your warrant.
5. if you have more than one set of traffic tickets in warrants, we will not post bonds.  if you have more than one set of tickets in warrants, you may either post a cash bond or post a bond through a bonding company to remove your warrant.
the traffic ticket courts in harris county are beginning to re-open. you must now appear for all jury trial settings. failure to appear could result in a warrant for your arrest. be sure and wear a mask to all your traffic ticket court trial settings.

we can help lift warrants!! we post bonds at the city of houston.
use the button below to check if you have an outstanding warrant on the texas dps website
outstanding warrant check 
if you have warrants at the city of houston, give our very helpful assistant, marisa, a call at: 713-880-4529








city of houston municipal court building at 1400 lubbockherbert w. gee municipal courthouse



















frequently asked  questions
get your traffic ticket questions answered







get a free  consultation



















submit now 













call today and speak with my legal assistant marisa.she will be glad to assist you.(713) 880-4529



















useful links

home
faq
traffic courts
texas points repealed
covid-19 trials
contact us


 









houston traffic ticket lawyer / abogado



(713) 880-4529



(281) 901-8087



											law office of kameron k. searle
											9111 katy freeway, suite 202
											houston, texas 77024hoursmonday through friday8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.mfree law office parking
										













brinda servicios de derecho de los casos de tráfico.please don't hesitate to get in touch if you have any questions or wish to discuss your specific needs.
legal disclaimer: the information at this web site is for advertising and general information purposes. this information is not intended to be legal advice for you to rely on. we recommend you contact the law office of houston ticket attorney (abogado de los casos de tráfico) kameron searle for specific questions.  not certified by the texas board of legal specialization.
houston speeding ticket attorney and traffic ticket lawyercopyright 2021, law office of kameron k. searle. all rights reserved.






















