






retina vitreous surgeons, certified ophthalmologist, eye care doctors | east syracuse & new hartford, ny


















































































homeabout our physicianshow the eye worksocular conditionsvitreoretinal conditionsoptic nerve diseaseocular inflammationocular traumadiagnostic testing
neuro-ophthalmologytreatmentsinjection therapylaser treatmentsurgery
contact ustestimonials
 




contact us



contact info

mohawk valley retina  (315) 732-0995mohawk valley retina 


























complex eye disease, compassionate patient care











the doctors at mohawk valley retina have expertise in evaluating and treating complex eye diseases including:vitreo-retinal disordersglaucomauveitisoptic nerve diseasetraumainfectionocular oncology contact us






now open in new hartford and east syracuse








4350 middle settlement rd, new hartford, ny 13413



5750 commons park dr, east syracuse, ny 13057









mohawk valley retina was founded in 1997 by dr. steven williams to provide previously unavailable vitreoretinal services to his hometown community. five years later, dr. joseph gale, also a cny native, joined the practice. come to mohawk valley retina for the best retina vitreous surgeons in new hartford, ny and east syracuse, ny.






mission









our mission is to provide the highest quality care for complex eye disease.  to accomplish our mission, we have equipped our offices with state-of-the-art diagnostic and therapeutic equipment.  our staff is highly trained, and patient focused.  the physicians are all board certified and have completed advanced subspecialty training.  everyone at mvr is proud of our commitment to the central new york community.  in addition to medical and surgical vitreoretinal care, we are also proud to provide neuro-ophthalmology and uveitis subspecialty services.        complex eye disease can progress rapidly.  accordingly, we are available after hours for your emergency ophthalmic needs.






learning center








ocular conditions

learn about the eye and various conditions that affect the retina, macula, vitreous, and optic nerve.


diagnostic testing

learn about the testing available at our offices.


treatments

learn about the injection therapies, laser treatments, and surgical procedures that we offer.











phone: (315) 732-0995  |  fax: (315) 732-0689


 








 





	copyright © 2025 mohawk valley retina, all rights reserved.
	4350 middle settlement rd,  new hartford, ny 13413  

                (315) 732-0995
            






 

 menu











 




homeabout our physicianshow the eye worksocular conditionsvitreoretinal conditionsoptic nerve diseaseocular inflammationocular traumadiagnostic testing
neuro-ophthalmologytreatmentsinjection therapylaser treatmentsurgery
contact ustestimonials
 


















