







flames artworks







































































































              home
            

            kustom art
          

            graphic design
          

            fine art
          

            shop
          

            youtube
          

            commission&contact
          




















































homekustom artgraphic designfine artshopyoutubecommission&contact







hot hot art!











scroll






 









welcome to flames artworks!your one stop creative shop for anything kustom and more!the artworksnotice the “s” we do a little bit of everything! although kustom kulture is a large amount of our style that can be interpreted in the below medium categories:kustom













automotive airbrush, pinstripes, and lettering. click “here” for more details.graphic













design drawings,logos, and t shirt graphics. click  “here” for more details.fine art













our famous road sign art as well as portraiture of your car, or pet, (or both!) on canvas! click “here” for more details








 









 

about the artist  as a young girl molly hill could care less about barbies.. the bright colored muscle cars that ran around her rural missouri town with their loud v8’s were much more exciting!     she came from a family of artists so of course drawing what interested her the most came naturally.. as time went on she explored many mediums to draw and paint cars, as well as many other subject matters. graduating from the kansas city art institute in 2001 it became evident not just art was needed in the real world and several technical skills where added. automotive painting and upholstery being among them as well as interior design.    through much hard work and perseverance, and the love and support of her oldsmobile obsessed husband, victor, she now creates art for the “kar kulture” scene. her own flavor of low brow on road signs and pinstriped containers for sale on etsy to custom commissions ranging from small automotive portraits to large airbrushed flaked roof designs!   she currently resides in illinois (because that’s where the perfect garage was at) with victor, his two oldsmobile cutlasses, her ‘71 riviera and ‘79 el camino..








introduction



summary



large image



the artworks










social media





flames artworks
po box 928,
fenton, mo 63026,
usa
(314)-973-1801
info@flamesartworks.com


hours
mon 9am-5pm
tue 9am-5pm
wed 9am-5pm
thu 9am-5pm
fri 9am-5pm
sat closed
sun closed




get the latest updates. like flames on the social media links below!



pinterestinstagramfacebook


 






