





illinois broadcasters association - serving illinois' airwaves with dignity, respect and innovation















































































 
 












about us

staff
board of directors
ib foundation


events

event photos


member services

legal
lobbying
alternate broadcast inspection


careers

tv jobs
radio jobs


students

iba-“u” & awards
iba’s 2024 student silver dome award finalists
look who was a mip intern
multicultural internship program


awards

hall of fame
broadcast pioneer award
broadcaster of the year
lifetime achievement award
silver dome awards
everett mckinley dirksen award
vanguard award


members only

member directory
post job





search













 



iba is 330 radio station members strong!
listeners continue to trust their local radio station more than any other media for local news, local sports, local weather and entertaining programming.





iba's nearly 30 tv stations serve their communities each and every day
from the heart of your home to the palm of your hand, local television keeps viewers informed, entertained, and safe in times of need.





an internship can change your life
we are proud to offer scholarships and internships to promising young broadcasters who apply to our 2023 programs with enthusiasm, bringing their talent to illinois' workforce.
learn more
 




  

student broadcastersmember serviceslegal & regulatory



serving illinois’ airwaves with dignity, respect and innovation.







student broadcasters
"i have always wanted a career that could help the community in some way and i have learned that radio is the medium that people turn to for everything, along with social media.”— bianca cahue, columbia college


learn more








member services
with low dues and great connections, most of the radio and televisions stations in illinois are iba members. turn here for benefits, awards info, alternative broadcast inspections, lobbying and compliance.


learn more














legal & regulatory
we make sure our members have access to valuable legal resources available to use for quick answers to state and federal legal questions. click through to read more and make sure that your station is on the up and up!


learn more




join now


join today


in today’s changing economy, iba would like for you to know that we have not raised our membership dues in many years!  most illinois radio and television stations are current members….are you?
if you are a radio or television station in illinois, download the broadcast membership form to complete your application.
if you are an individual, an out-of-state-broadcaster, a state agency, or an advertising agency download the non-broadcast membership form.
iba membership rates are available on the membership rate card.
completed forms may be faxed to 217-793-2636 or emailed to iba@ilba.org.  forms and payment can be mailed to:  2501 chatham road, suite 200, springfield, il 62704 learn more about “join today”






tv jobs

see jobs





radio jobs

see jobs































copyright © 2025 illinois broadcasters associationprivacy policy | terms of use







facebook





twitter





instagram




















we use cookies to improve your experience on our site. by using this website you agree to our cookie policy.agreemanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 






















