

introduction










 



 






  





hatteras
village
is located on hatteras island, one in a chain of islands on the north
carolina coast comprising the famous outer banks.  since
arriving
here in the 1700s, the people of hatteras have depended on the natural
environment for their livelihood.  evolving from a small
commercial fishing village to a major gulf stream sportfishing
attraction, hatteras continues to rely on its fertile fishing grounds
to support its economy.  surrounded by this gift of nature,
hatteras village today is a world famous tourist attraction with a
unique history and culture.  her pristine beaches and
waterways  provide the perfect backdrop for any vacationer's
dream.

two
important trails transect the village....one is the outer banks scenic byway. 

centered
around a rich village culture, the outer banks scenic byway is a must
for any traveler looking to escape to a time of front porch talks and
simple maritime living.   on the byway at hatteras
island, a
“beach vacation” landscape with outstanding recreation, there are seven
villages surrounded by national seashore of which this village is one.
historic settlement patterns are visible in ancient live oaks, harbors,
old houses, family cemeteries, simple churches, family stores, fish
houses, and 19th-century life-saving stations.


the
other trail is a
civil
war trail which is part of a national network
that
commemorates that tragic time in our nation’s history.

on
august 28, 1861, the residents of hatteras village awakened to the
sight of a large federal fleet anchored off their coast. at about 10
a.m. the peaceful and tranquil life of hatteras village was shattered
by the sound of the large naval guns of a union fleet firing on two
confederate forts which were under construction at hatteras inlet.
forts hatteras and clark were relatively small earthwork forts,
constructed by slave labor and made of brush, sand, lumber and peat.
john rollinson, a local resident of hatteras island at the time, wrote
in his journal that the confederate soldiers first arrived at hatteras
on may 9, 1861, one month after the civil war began. several months
later it fell to union forces.


in
1948,
a regional newspaper, the coastland times, published an article
praising
the unspoiled nature of hatteras village, noting that "the little town
is built on no general lines”. as the article stated, hatteras
developed slowly over time, with no plat, no lots neatly laid out, and
no grid plan. today, the roads weave and wander through the town, with
lanes following what once were paths to people's houses. there are no
sidewalks and few streetlights. the town developed as a result of its
natural harbor and its location on hatteras island.  by the
early
1780s, there was a small settlement at hatteras village located in protected wooded
tracts on the sound side of the island.  

today
the
village still maintains much of the charm of her past while providing
the comforts of the present as a world class cultural and vacation
destination.


 







if
you are looking for a fun filled vacation, a place to raise your family
or a place to spend your retirement years then you are at the right
place.  from fishing  to surfing,  water
activities are
unlimited.  from the solitude of strolling miles of
undeveloped
beaches unlike anything else in nc to enjoying small community
life, 
hatteras village is the place of your dreams.  





historical


water activities




land
activities


day trips




air trips


places of
worship









hatteras
village
is
located in cape
hatteras
national seashore.  on their website
they
describe the area as:



a
place to engage your senses.  the sound of ocean waves, the
starry
night sky, or the calm of the salt marshes, you can experience it all.
shaped by the forces of water, wind, and storms these islands are ever
changing. the plants, wildlife, and people who live here adapt
continually. whether you are walking on the beach, kayaking on the
sound, or climbing the cape hatteras lighthouse there is something for
everyone to explore!







visitor's
center






first-time
visitors are encouraged to visit the historic weather bureau 
station where the
hatteras visitor's center is located.  friendly information
specialists will answer your questions and you may pick up maps and
more information on the village's lodging, dining, shopping, water
sports and more.












website
by
hatteras
designs, inc.










