





horsepowersports












































articles
cars for sale
classic auto parts
service manuals
contact
horsepowersportshorsepower classic cars and high performance 

delorean motor company is coming back with an electricif everything goes as planned, the delorean motor company will be setting up shop in san antonio, texas and bringing the delorean back as an electric, the delorean evolved. delorean motor company, one of the world’s most iconic automotive brands, plans a comeback with a new electric vehicle production enterprise. the global headquarters, which is […]

more from horsepowersports
ford shares open source cad files for 3d printing truck accessoriesif you’ve been wondering what to do next with your 3d printer, here’s a great idea, print up some accessories for your new ford maverick. in what hopefully will become a trend, ford has open sourced cad files for 3d printing accessories to fit into their fits slots found behind the center console and in […]
if you need a new car, buy an old one insteadremember waiting anxiously for the new cars to hit the showrooms? spy photos (in magazines!) of next year’s model were little hits of adrenaline as we hoped to see what was soon to come. we read and memorized predictions of horsepower and performance. new cars were important milestones each year, sleek, redesigned, more powerful, faster, […]
next generation tesla roadster hints at phenomenal acceleration with spacex packagecan this be real? (yes, elon musk confirms) a sharp eyed petersen auto museum visitor spotted an unbelievable performance spec on an information panel for the next generation tesla roadster. on it, there was reference to a “spacex package” that could enable the new roadster to accelerate from 0 to 60 mph in 1.1 seconds! […]
porsche passport offers on demand auto subscriptionafraid of commitment? porsche has just the thing. a new pilot program in atlanta will offer 50 drivers the chance to subscribe to the porsche auto lineup instead of buying a car, for $2,000 per month they’ll have their choice of a 718 boxster, cayman s, macan s or cayenne on demand, swapping between models […]

subscribe to horsepowersports


get an email alert when something's new!



							email address						







 
							subscribe						




search articles on horsepowersports


are you looking for classic car parts?
everything you need to keep your classic on the road including those hard to find nos (new old stock) parts.	






be very specific for best results! use part numbers if you have them. your purchases through ebay links on horsepowersports may earn a commission for this site.
don’t miss!
ford peterbilt pickup truck conversionanother look at icengineworks exhaust header modeling blocks
copyright © 2025 · horsepowersports · website by crowe computer services  this website proudly made in the usa!  








