




forret.org: the web home for forrets worldwide











			 
		


















belgian lineage  • 
				scottish lineage  • 
				in search of forrets  • 
				genealogy resources

historical connections  • 
				photo album  • 
				message board  • 
				todd's pages  • 
				jeff & beth's pages
















check your forret.org e-mail here
important: the forret.org free email program will be
	discontinued as of dec. 1, 2011 central standard time.
	be sure to backup any messages you want to save before dec. 1st as your account will no longer be available.
	










 email 
              login



password







 
 















forret.org news:



				the commonwealth war graves commission maintains a debt of honour register 
				that lists 1.7 million men and women who died serving the commonwealth 
				during the two world wars. visit the commonwealth war graves commission web site.
				you can also see the eight forrets listed in the database. 
				all information on the linked pages above is copyright the commonwealth war graves commission.
				 
				visitors to the forret.org message boards may have noticed a 
				variety of inappropriate posts over the past months. to more 
				effectively combat this spam, and to improve on the forum's 
				structure, the board has been redesigned. messages can be viewed by all 
				site visitors. however, in order to post on the board, 
				users must now register using a valid e-mail address and a username. once
				you have established a user account, you can then log in and post messages.
				there is no cost, and registration information will not be sold, given 
				away or used by the administrators of this site. this is strictly to 
				ensure a "garbage-free" environment for communication between authentic users. 
				visit the new and improved forret.org message board.
				
				 
				thank you to charles forret for updates to the tree of andrew forret
				and johnann cambell gilmour. see the information in the scottish lineage.
				
				 
				thank you also to john hindmarsh for updates to the douglas hindmarsh family tree.
				john's updates can also be found here.
				
				 
				special thanks to all who have contacted us by e-mail with offers of expanded 
				forret information. we've been a little slow on the response lately, but your 
				information is very welcome, and updates will be added to the site.
				
				





genealogy-related news































search the site with









 search www  search www.forret.org 






your webmasters/hosts

jeff forret is a technical writer/web developer and todd forret is the 
					programmer / web developer for anythingtruck.com. both brothers live in the quad cities, a medium-sized metropolitan area 
					split by the mississippi river in eastern iowa/western illinois, usa. visit the 
					links at the top of the page for more information about your hosts, their interests 
					and their families. you can learn more about the quad cities via the links below.
				



quad cities links


qc convention & visitors bureau (and more)
river cities reader (alternative news)
qc online (quad cities news and more)
qc online webcams
quad city times (local newspaper)
qcsearch





special note!

			forret.org is best viewed with the most up-to-date browser 
			versions, including internet explorer 6 and netscape 6.2. free downloads are available from these links.
			do you need a non-english version of forret.org? try systran's online translator.
vous avez besoin d'une version non-anglaise de forret.org? utilisez le traducteur en ligne de systran.





		 
		














 genealogy benelux net ring




 next
previous
next5
previous5
list
random
join









  the surnamering  to join the ring, click here.    an affiliate of the       the surnamering next five sites, click here.                






last modified: 30-december-2003
send comments or questions to: webmaster@forret.org





