















home | counseling center










      skip to main content
    














main menu




about us


director's welcome


our mission


our staff


hours & contact info


scope of services


faqs


research unit


campus partnerships & engagement


training programs


annual report (pdf)


make a gift




get started


clinical services


individual counseling


group counseling


career counseling


workshops


referral services




outreach & consultation


outreach programming


the wellness series


consultation services




resources


for students


for faculty and staff


for family and friends


online mental health screening


resource directory (pdf)




celebrating diversity














welcome!
the counseling center
your well-being matters. our counseling center offers a safe and supportive environment where students can find help, guidance, and resources for mental health and personal growth.

          get started
      










get help now










emergency support

if you or someone you know is experiencing a life-threatening mental health emergency, call 911 or go to the nearest hospital emergency room.

          crisis resources
       













urgent visit
if you’re experiencing a mental health crisis, please request an urgent visit at the counseling center front desk in the shoemaker building during regular business hours.






non-urgent appointment
your first session is a 30-minute brief assessment to evaluate your well-being and determine next steps. to schedule, call 301-314-7651 or visit the shoemaker building.






after hours support
professional mental health counselors are available when the counseling center is closed to assist you with mental health crises. call 301-314-7651 for support.













if you're uncertain about your needs, take our online mental health assessment. this screening tool is not a substitute for an evaluation by a mental health professional. please call the counseling center to schedule an evaluation.



















our services & programs












clinical services


the wellness series: drop-in skills sessions


mheart














outreach programming


consultation services


research unit





















resources








































get to know us










   what we dowatch our 5-minute video to learn about our mission, the variety of mental health programs and services available, and how to get startedwatch video















who we are
the counseling center’s diverse staff of clinicians, administrators, and researchers are here to help you.

          meet our staff
       
















where we are located
phone: 301-314-7651fall 2024 hours: monday – thursday 8:30 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., friday 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.location: shoemaker building, 4281 chapel lane

          hours & contact information
       













about us


get help now


hours & contact information


make a gift


site map








counseling center
1101 shoemaker building, 4281 chapel lane, college park, md
1 (301) 314-7651





visit our twitter





visit our facebook





visit our instagram





visit our youtube












umd.edu


web accessibility


privacy notice





back to top






