











atlanticsemi – usa lab authenticated, reliable electronic components

















skip to main content





integrity, reliability and client satisfaction since 1995client login 
atlantic semi tm




our commitment to continual improvement


we’ve invested significant capital in sophisticated equipment, trained personnel and an esd warehouse to ensure the parts we deliver are authenticated. our iso 9001:2015 is proof of our commitment to complete quality assurance. read more



fast fulfillment. fair pricing.


        for nearly 30 years, atlantic semi has provided oems and cms with electronic components and computer products delivered on time.        read more



depth of inventory


with 26,500+ square feet of warehouse and our proprietary database (the matrix) containing more than 10 million electronic components and computer products, we have what you need.        read more



complete client satisfaction


        atlantic semiconductor's goal is to provide superior service fostering repeat business and to continually improve.
 read more




previous
next

about atlantic semi
quality
philosophy
parts powersearch!
sell your parts
news room
jobs center
contact us
 





iso certified! atlantic semi is iso 9001:2015 certified.



quality control see how we assure every part is authentic





integrity, reliability and client satisfaction, since 1995.
in this industry, you are only as good as your most recent order. that is why we treat each and every order like it is our first.
"while our goal was 99%, your overall rating was 100%! this includes quality rating of 100% as well as delivery rating of 100%."
"atlantic semi was rated 'outstanding' in several categories; responding rapidly to all requests, offering alternative solutions, ease of communications and general knowledge of work... we look forward to increased business"
"we value our relationship with atlantic semiconductor. their on-time delivery percentage is 100% and their quality percentage is 100%."



 




parts powersearch!




exact match:

















copyright 2025 atlanticsemi | privacy statements

twitter
facebook
 

 

