 


the outfitter tv series | home





 






































home








about us








recent shows



archived shows











gifts & gear








pic of the week








outfitters



































news from the outfitter!
our sponsors:






      




	 


our team uses excalibur crossbows!  check these bows out locally at pelkey’s archery


 




 
this week's episode:

sam's vermont whitetail deer archery hunt


packstring productions

77 rock island road

st. albans, vermont 05478

 

telephone 802-524-6163

monday through friday 

8 a.m. to 5 p.m. est


send us an email


advertise with us

 




 

happening this month:
join us for action-packed hunts, in alaska, idaho, vermont, virginia and more! brown bear, black bear, whitetails, mule deer, caribou, elk, turkeys are all on the list of big game! we will also be featuring local hunts for ducks and snowshoe hares!




 

hunting books for children by deb hamel:

 



 

 


 
pic of the week:

this week’s "pic of the week" is brandon covey with a great vermont black bear taken up in the northeast kingdom. brandon grew up hunting with his friends ethan pike and matthew henderson. brandon's dad, mike, referred to them as "the crew". mike was overjoyed to help brandon and his friends track down brandon's bear. brandon took his beautiful trophy bear with archery equipment, which made it even more rewarding. the day was very special for both dad and son; as mike put it, “what a weekend - it was great to be in the woods with all three of them again!" he’s not sure the weekend could ever be topped with his son getting a nice bear and spending time in the beauty of the kingdom on such a gorgeous fall day! congratulations guys on sharing your love of the hunt and for the beautiful shot of the kingdom in all its glory! for sharing your story and photos we’ll be sending you a $10 gift card courtesy of lenny’s shoe & apparel. stop in at one of their convenient locations or shop online at lennyshoe.com. 

 


the outfitter tv series

 

 
affiliates we recommend:
ifilmoutdoors
the hunter's smart seat®
 

 
packstring productions
uncompromising quality 
since 2003
 

the outfitter tv series - an award winning show *

• best single gun episode 2009, 2008

• best big game episode 2008

• best editing 2007

• viewer’s favorite on-camera personality 2006
• viewer’s favorite hunting show 2005

*accolades while airing on national television






©2003-2025   advertise with us    contact us    related links    



















