






















welcome to autism awareness centre inc.





































































 






menu
search
contact
cart
login







        		        all sections                



search all sectionssearch conferences & trainingsearch books & productssearch articles & blogssearch help & resources 




















welcome to autism awareness centre inc.
conferences & training
books & products
webinars
articles & blog
help & resources
 




additional information:

learn more...

about us
maureen bennie
what is autism
disclaimer
privacy policy
newsletter
contact us
 














 
low arousal approach train the trainer vancouver winter 2025aaci-ebook-happiness-banner-12_1slidelow arousal approach train the trainer fall 2025 - nova scotia 







welcome to autism awareness centre inc.

autism awareness centre hosts trainings across canada, while ensuring books, articles and resource supports are readily available to all communities keeping parents and professionals on the cutting edge of new information. autism awareness centre is leading the way because we “believe in change”.

learn more about autism awareness centre »


join our email list
signup for autism awareness centre's email blast to get up to date information on news, articles, and blogs.  as well as opportunities to attend conferences around the country and the latest products.
















 
discover low arousal approach person centered behaviour  management for carersdiscover low arousal approach person centered behaviour  management for carers 











 
low arousal approach traininglow arousal approach trainingsstudio 3 canada training systems provides a non-aversive approach to behaviour of concern.
read more
 












 
low arousal approach trainingview our onlinecourse libraryplease browse our extensive selection of past autism awareness centre webinars. 
read more
 







new books




 


superflex takes flight
pamela crooke and michelle garcia winner (original superflex concept by stephanie madrigal)
book details »





 


stop the world i want to get off – a guide to understanding and supporting the recovery of autistic burnout in children and young people
jodie clarke
book details »





 


camille the chameleon on masking
glòria durà-vilà
book details »





 


peers® for preschoolers – friendship skills for autistic and neurodivergent children
elizabeth laugeson, mina park, jennifer sanderson
book details »


view all new books »



about our upcoming trainings

low arousal approaches were developed in the late 80s by dr andrew mcdonnell bsc msc phd. the approaches are unashamedly non-aversive in nature. a central theme throughout this philosophy is the encouragement of carers to constantly question their own behaviour when working in care settings. low arousal approaches are research-based and have been clinically tested by studio iii training systems, european leaders in the field of behaviour management.

learn more »






maureen's autism blog
self-care for the caregiver – moving beyond surviving
tuesday, february 11, 2025

			
				caregiving has its rewards and challenges. while caregiving is a labor of love, it also has another side to it that affects employment, physical/mental health, relationships, and well-being. as we age, we also have...				
			
view all posts »





autism q & as
what is restraint collapse?
thursday, january 30, 2025

			
				restraint collapse, a phenomenon that is becoming more recognized in the neurodivergent community, happens when individuals who have been concealing or suppressing their neurodivergent characteristics for an extended period of time suddenly experience a...				
			
view all q & a »





autism help & resources
a listing of help and resources for navigating the autism spectrum


we offer a comprehensive list of autism related resources, links, and tools for canada, the united states, the uk, and beyond. click a region to view an extensive listing of autism resources and organizations to help you navigate pervasive development disorders (pdd), and asd.

view all resources »



last post: february 11, 2025
















 
visit the low arousal approach websitevisit low arousal approachvisit our sister site for more information about low arousal and how it can apply to your behavior management practice.
visit website
 





 





 
visit maureen bennie's speaker websitevisit speakermaureen bennievisit our sister site for information about speaker maureen bennie and her catalogue of topics of interest.
visit website
 











 
newsletter







 


 
order form
download our pdf order form for easy offline ordering







get in touch with us

send us a messagevia our contact form
call us toll-freeat 1-866-724-2224
connect with us on:facebook twitter




© 2025 autism awareness centre inc.
site by nelson design collective


back to top


disclaimer
privacy policy





















