









fintech services & core banking solutions | cocc














































































about

about cocc
executive team
mission, vision & values
history
partners


products & services

core banking solution
cash management suite
connectsuite developer portal
cybersecurity & risk

continuous security monitoring (csm)
email encryption
managed edr
remote access
secure webhosting
web filtering/internet security


data & analytics

executive dashboards
marketing analytics
profitability
report writer as a service


digital banking

digital account opening
digital & mobile banking
digital banking call center


document services
financial management
item processing

truechecks®


lending origination

consumer origination
mortgage origination


network services

backup as a service
data communication
patching
wan monitoring 24×7
qualified multitenant hoster


marketing

marketing analytics
marketing services


managed services

hosted infrastructure
software developer as a service


payments


newsroom
careers

work at cocc
career opportunities
employment benefits
training & development
work-life integration
explore our teams
belonging @ cocc
internship program
cocc partners job board


contact












 
















#1 top workplace in connecticut!cocc has been named the #1 top workplace in connecticut in the large companies division for the second consecutive year. this marks cocc’s third overall top placement and second year at #1 in the large companies division, which includes businesses with over 500 employees.
click here to read more









amplifying the journeyfrom foundation to future
2024 has been another successful year filled with growth, innovation, and new opportunities.
read our 2024 annual report









technology that transforms your institutionexplore how our cutting-edge fintech solutions can transform your institution today.
learn more









virtualize technology in our private cloudcocc is well equipped to deliver managed security services and solutions to fortify existing security policies or implement a new one.
learn more










building partnerships
cocc’s partnership model is the primary reason why more community banks and credit unions put their trust in us and the products and services we deliver. our clients know that they will have an all-encompassing team to support their community. we strive to listen to our clients and their customers so that we can continue providing the best service, technology, and relationships — delivering a true partnership.















what our clients are saying.






one of the biggest things that we noticed in dealing with cocc in terms of communication, was the open dialogue, willingness to listen, ask questions, and put forward ideas that align with our vision. this process highlighted cocc’s culture and how they approach a partnership.
– main street bank









ux reimagined
cocc’s digital banking solution is your virtual branch, empowering community institutions to deliver a consistent financial experience across all digital channels, resulting in high levels of customer adoption, engagement and satisfaction.

learn more















protecting our clients
well equipped to deliver managed security services and solutions to fortify existing security policies or implement a new one. learn more about our cybersecurity & risk management offerings.

learn more







$130b+
client assets managed



$9.5m
net income in 2024



$40m
2023 core sales



7m
accounts



2m
mobile & internetbanking accounts







the latest from cocc





beyond banking: transforming the digital experience

feb 5, 2025 | podcasts tune in for insights on thomaston savings bank approach and exciting innovations ahead in digital banking.
read more




picatinny federal credit union partners with cocc as new core technology provider

jan 30, 2025 | press releasesdriving innovation and member-centric solutions through a strategic partnership cocc is proud to announce its new partnership with picatinny federal credit union, a community-focused credit union headquartered in dover, new jersey. the $442 million-asset credit union...
read more




pioneering the future: cocc wins big innovation award for digital banking

jan 15, 2025 | press releasescocc’s digital banking is recognized for delivering client-focused, bold innovation. cocc is proud to announce its recognition as a 2025 big innovation awards winner, presented by the business intelligence group. this honor highlights cocc’s premier digital banking...
read more


 
visit our newsroom



























join our
collaborative movement
find out what makes us one of the best places to work in connecticut year after year.

careers at cocc

careers at cocc partners



browse our job openings and apply today!

current opportunities



 









followfollowfollowfollow




home
about
products & services
newsroom
careers



















contact us

collaborative to the core

copyright cocc, 1995-2024 | all rights reserved | click here for cocc’s privacy protection policy



 





































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok





