


pirates, famous pirates, pirate history- the pirate's realm










the pirate's realm

homepage famous pirates pirate talk pirate ship pirate crew












more pirate pages


pirate weapons
pirate hideouts
pirate museums
pirate flags
pirate code




pirate fun



pirate games
pirate festivals
pirate mini golf
pirate crew websites






 

pirates, famous pirates, pirate history : the pirate's realm!
explore golden age pirates 1600's-1700's


pirates, famous pirates, and pirate history- whatever you want to explore about the golden age of piracy is here! you can find famous pirates, pirate ships, or learn about pirate weapons...travel with the pirates of the caribbean as they go treasure hunting...learn how to talk like pirates do...play awesome pirate games...find real pirate flags...and even discover the real men who helped inspire robert louis stevenson's book, treasure island. wherever the winds take ye, enjoy your visit to the pirate's realm!
thank you, everyone, for !twenty years of fun and plunder!

i want to extend a hearty "thanks" to all who have visited the pirates realm, be they schools, researchers, reenactors, the curious, or pirates of the caribbean fans.
- *we are not going away.
- we are grateful for all the contributions over the years.
- there would be no 'we' without all of you.
fair winds and following seas,
captain sage and his scurvy crew
 
all you wannabe pirates- here's the professional pirate talk book! the author sent me a copy for review. i have never seen a more informative, entertaining, and well-researched book about pirate talk anywhere. "the pirate primer is the first and only comprehensive guide to the world of pirate language... this is the authoritative work on the subject, containing every distinctive term, phrase, usage, and speech structure uttered by or attributed to pirates in film, television, literature, and historical accounts over the last three centuries."
search pirates, famous pirates, and pirate history:






 enter your search terms  submit search form 







 web
 this site


 www.blackbeardsrealm.com




         
















links to important stuff




site map
pirate links / websites
pirate's realm faq
privacy policy













about us-
captain sage launched the pirate's realm in june 2003 and hoisted his sails to ride the waves of popularity of all things piratey. in the following years, he has built an entire armada of webships to fulfill his interests in everything from blenheim ginger ale to mountain living to bbq pork ribs. when he isn't careening his ship or cooking victuals for his crew, you can find him sailing the cyber seas .







take a glimpse into the mind of a pirate genius. (pay no attention to that man behind the sail.)
© the pirate's realm. all rights reserved.



