


































u.s. food and drug administration









skip to main content
skip to fda search
skip to in this section menu
skip to footer links

 

 







an official website of the united states government
here’s how you know  





the .gov means it’s official.federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. before sharing sensitive information, make sure you're on a federal government site.





the site is secure. the https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.





 
on oct. 1, 2024, the fda began implementing a reorganization impacting many parts of the agency. we are in the process of updating fda.gov content to reflect these changes.




u.s. food and drug administration





 
search


 
menu






search fda


submit search





 

featured

report a product problem
contact fda
fda guidance documents
recalls, market withdrawals and safety alerts
press announcements
warning letters
advisory committees
en español





products

food
drugs
medical devices
radiation-emitting products
vaccines, blood, and biologics
animal and veterinary
cosmetics
tobacco products



topics

about fda
combination products
regulatory information
safety
emergency preparedness
international programs
news and events
training and continuing education
inspections and compliance
science and research



information for

consumers
patients
industry
health professionals
federal, state and local officials








topic paragraphs










featured

				fda proposes reducing nicotine in cigarettes and certain other tobacco products
			

				agency encourages public input on proposal
			







featured topics





 











highly pathogenic avian influenza (hpai)
fda’s response to ensure continued effectiveness of federal-state milk safety system






 











know when and how to use antibiotics, and when to skip them
antibiotics are powerful medications that save countless lives every day. but they’re not the answer for every illness.






 











fda modernization efforts for establishing a unified human foods program
the unified human foods program, a new model and name for field operations and other modernization efforts are now in effect.









products we regulate




          food



drugs



medical devices



radiation-emitting products



vaccines, blood, and biologics



animal and veterinary



cosmetics



tobacco products



report a problem with an fda regulated product










recent press announcements






		feb 14
	

fda approves first rapid-acting insulin biosimilar product for treatment of diabetes




		feb 05
	

fda alerts patients of potential to miss critical safety alerts due to phone settings when using smartphone-compatible diabetes devices



more press announcements












newsroom
meetings
testimony
speeches









recalls, market withdrawals, & safety alerts
alerting you to the latest recalls of potentially unsafe fda-regulated products gathered from press releases and other public notices. not all recalls have press releases or are posted on this website.






  	feb 15
  

mauna loa macadamia nut company, llc issues a product recall on undeclared almonds in mauna loa milk chocolate covered macadamias (1oz) pouches


  	food & beverages
  



  	feb 13
  

icu medical issues nationwide recall of potassium chloride injection, 20 meq and potassium chloride injection, 10 meq due to mislabeling


  	drugs
  



  	feb 13
  

je bakery 2019 llc dba broadway bakery issues allergy alert for mislabeled raisin bran muffin 6 count due to undeclared walnuts


  	food & beverages
  







more recalls market withdrawals & safety alerts
subscribe to the enforcement 
					report mailing list








paragraph header



fda voices: perspectives from fda experts





 












			  	vaccines for covid-19: a personal reflection
			
vaccines for covid-19: a personal reflection by robert m. califf, md






 












			  	cder brings many safe and effective therapies to patients and consumers in 2024
			
the 2024 new drug therapy approvals report features drug approvals that cder considers likely to have a significant impact on public health. 






 












			  	youth tobacco product use continues to decline as fda actions build momentum
			
fda’s ongoing efforts serve to make tobacco-related disease and death part of our nation’s past, ensuring a healthier future for our youth.










view more...










recently published guidances






		feb 05
	

institutional review boards frequently asked questions


		biologics, drugs, medical devices
	



		feb 05
	

institutional review board (irb) written procedures


		biologics, drugs, medical devices
	



		jan 31
	

recommendations to reduce the risk of transmission of disease agents associated with sepsis by human cells, tissues, and cellular and tissue-based products (hct/ps)


		biologics
	


fda guidance search












resources and programs




          jobs at fda



inspections and compliance



medwatch: safety alerts



science & research



fda organization



import program



warning letters



combination products



criminal investigations



disposal of unused medicines



emergency preparedness









 



 note: if you need help accessing information in different file formats, see instructions for downloading viewers and players.
language assistance available: español | 繁體中文 | tiếng việt | 한국어 | tagalog | русский | العربية | kreyòl ayisyen | français | polski | português | italiano | deutsch | 日本語 | فارسی | english 



footer links



fda archive
about fda
accessibility




visitor information 
website policies / privacy
no fear act
vulnerability disclosure policy




foia
hhs.gov
usa.gov






contact fda


follow fda on facebook






follow fda on x



follow fda on instagram





follow fda on linkedin




view fda videos on youtube




subscribe to fda rss feeds





fda homepage



 
contact number
      1-888-info-fda (1-888-463-6332)
    



back to top





