











american journal of archaeology










































 






skip to content


 














search for:




home
about
current issue
access the aja
author guide
support the aja
 



search for:



 




current issue: january 2025 (129.1) 


current issue: january 2025 (129.1) 


the american journal of archaeology (aja) is one of the world’s most distinguished and widely distributed journals devoted to archaeology and has set the standard for archaeological scholarship since 1885. the aja publishes original research on the diverse peoples and material cultures of the mediterranean and related areas. learn more.
 




the colossal archaic naxian statues in the sanctuary of apollo on delos
by kenneth alan sheedy and scott pike
this article presents data from the stable isotope analysis of marble from five fragments of sculpture and a massive base that together are said to comprise the remains of the statue on delos known as the naxian colossus. this key work in the early history of monumental greek marble sculpture has attracted the attention of travelers since the 15th century (buondelmonti, cyriacus of ancona). plutarch’s testimony that the great andrias of the naxians was knocked... 



the trojan ketos on the hesione vase: iconography, paleogeography, and osteology
by stephen croft
this archaeological note proposes that the animal skull appearing on the hesione vase (museum of fine arts boston 63.420) and often identified as a miocene giraffid belongs to an equid. the imagery of the sixth-century bce vase is examined in relation to the iconographic tradition of the lernaean hydra and the ketos (sea monster). the paleogeography of the corinthia and comparative osteology of the skull are considered. the possibility is raised that the skull belongs to... 



beyceğiz tumulus: a middle phrygian cenotaph near gordion
by richard f. liebhart, braden w. cordivari, lucas stephens, mustafa metin and elspeth r.m. dusinberre
the beyceğiz tumulus, 11.5 km east of the phrygian capital of gordion, was the target of multiple looting attempts, prompting a salvage excavation from 2013 to 2017 by the museum of anatolian civilizations in ankara in partnership with the gordion archaeological project. remote sensing indicated a chamber-shaped anomaly near the tumulus center, which became the focus of excavation. the anomaly turned out to be a stone platform built on bedrock, which proved to be the ce... 



the sanctuary of apollo hyperteleatas in laconia: a central perioikic cult in the malea peninsula
by nicolette pavlides
the aim of this article is to investigate the local religious habits of the perioikoi (dwellers around), the free populations living in small city-states (poleis) in laconia and messenia during the archaic and classical periods, when laconia was under spartan control. as a case study, i examine the sanctuary of apollo hyperteleatas, located beside the molaoi plain in the malea peninsula of greece. the discussion considers the sanctuary of apollo hyperteleatas fr... 



byzantium in “africa”
by risham majeedavailable as open access
a major exhibition displacing europe as the engine that shaped global christianity is a moment to savor. africa and byzantium at the metropolitan museum of art in new york presented northern africa as a sophisticated and equal partner in the fabrication of visual status in late antiquity instead of as it has customarily been seen, as a derivative province in the roman world. it drew a general public’s attention to the constitutive role played by lands south of... 



shipwreck assemblages and network analysis: reconstructing the furniture trade in the mediterranean using first-century bce shipwrecks
by carrie e. atkins
elite romans residing in opulent villas in central italy during the first century bce are generally viewed as the main consumers driving the trade in luxury goods. however, evidence from shipwrecks shows this is not the full picture. this article utilizes assemblage theory and network analysis to examine relationships between luxury furniture and shipwreck assemblages in the mediterranean in the first century bce. it starts first with discussion of couches (klinai) and t... 










access the aja
individual subscriptions are available as part of an aia membership.

join now
aia member login


more ways to access




museum exhibitions
current and upcoming museum exhibitions related to topics within the scope of the journal

browse



book reviews
open access online-only book reviews and list of books available for review

read reviews
book list



permissions & reprints
questions about reusing materials found on this website or published in the journal?

learn more



support the aja
please help us continue to improve our steadfast commitment to excellence.

give



author guide
submission guidelines, editorial policies, manuscript preparation, and more information for aja authors

go to guide












subscribe to our email-only monthly newsletter highlighting the journal’s current table of contents and open access material, such as book reviews. 
join the e-update!






email address
check to receive e-updates for: 

aja e-update
aia e-update
fieldnotes: professional newsletter
archaeology e-update


would you like to receive periodic mailings with information on new products and services offered by our advertisers and sponsors?

yes
no

















 
about

who we are
editorial policy
historical timeline
how to support


access

subscribe
open access
archive
ucp
jstor


submissions

guidelines
manuscript preparation
forms and checklists
books available for review


contacts & faq

submission site
advertise
permissions & reprints


 
 

the american journal of archaeology stands in solidarity with black, indigenous, and people of color against systemic injustice in north america and throughout the world. the journal fully endorses the aia statement on archaeology and social justice.


privacy policy
contact us
 
				© 2025 				
					archaeological institute of america

				website: castle builder design 








