










driving lessons glasgow | gerry brennan school of motoring




















































07960 820 719
gerry@the-instructor.com















home
lessons
pricing
safety
theory
practical
helpful videos
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 







































join hundreds of successful drivers with gerry brennan school of motoring

book your first lesson




call us now
07960 820719







bearsden

milngavie

anniesland

summerston

whiteinch

maryhill

partick

knightswood








expert driving lessons across glasgow with gerry brennan school of motoring







driving courses

we start from basic one hourly driving lessons, where pupils may book two per week, one and a half hour sessions, doubles, or semi -intensive courses lasting six weeks. we are flexible for evening and weekend bookings.





intensive course

we are qualified to train on intensive driving courses. the course involves taking double lessons most days over a six week period. pass quicker, save money and give yourself the best possible skills that can be used for ever. 





pass plus

pass plus is an optional scheme set up by the dvsa to help young drivers who have just passed their driving tests to gain more experience and confidence. the pass plus course consists of six modules







please complete our booking enquiry form and we will be in touch asap. 




name


email address


telephone number


post code






7 + 4 = 


submit















book your first lesson



at gerry brennan school of motoring, we understand that learning to drive can be expensive. that’s why we keep our driving lesson prices as competitive as possible. we don’t charge extra for evening or weekend lessons, and all our instructors are dvsa qualified.








all cars are air conditioned






manual and automatic 






patient, friendly and professional








block booking discounts






great results for first time pass






pick up and drop off service







see our pricing








introduction video

 our introduction video is designed to give you a comprehensive overview of what to expect when looking for a driving instructor and the benefits of booking with gerry brennan school of motoring.











see all videos







what our students are saying about us







i went to gerry after having approximately 20 hours with another instructor but felt as if i wasn't progressing. my friend recommended gerry and after a couple of hours with him my confidence and skills grew significantly.
gerry is really patient, gives clear instructions & has good chat! i would recommend him to anyone looking for a friendly and professional instructor.





gerry was a very patient instructor who i felt comfortable with from the beginning. his clear instructions and kind manner helped me build my confidence with driving quickly and he addressed all my questions and concerns straight away (no matter how small and trivial they were).
i would highly recommend gerry as a driving instructor.





gerry brennan is a brilliant driving instructor as he helped me pass first time.
he was always patient and very knowledgeable and whenever i asked a question he always knew the answer. this helped me gain confidence while driving as he was always good at explaining things. he would also help me to correct my mistakes so that i knew what to do if i encountered the same situation next time around.





gerry is a fantastic instructor. 
my partner passed first time 5 years ago with gerry and when i wanted to take lessons last year he recommended him to me. gerry is calm, gives clear instructions and always made me feel at ease on my lessons. i passed first time with gerry and will definitely be recommending him to anyone i know that is looking to learn!










call, text or whatsapp us 
07960 820 719








social follow
facebook x youtube








email us
gerry@the-instructor.com





contact gerry









gerry brennan school of motoring, a premier driving school in glasgow, offers both manual and automatic driving lessons. serving areas such as bearsden, milngavie, anniesland, summerston, whiteinch, maryhill, partick and knightswood. we have been trusted for over 20 years.
our students have the option to learn in a variety of vehicles, ensuring a personalised and effective driving education.



quick links


lessons
pricing
theory
practical
safety


policies


privacy policy
cookie policy




areas we cover


bearsden
milngavie
anniesland
summerston
whiteinch
maryhill
partick
knightswood


social media

followfollowfollow



contact

phone, whatsapp or text:07960 820 719
email:gerry@the-instructor.com
business hours:sunday to thursday 8.30am – 6:30pmfriday & saturday closed





 








© copyright 2024 gerry brennan school of motoring | web design by james mackie 








manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 
















