










home - buffalo niagara partnership chamber of commerce

























































 
 























skip to content















					subscribe				








					blog				








					events				














member portal





join today












































































menu 
advocacy advocacy alerts advocacy agenda advocacy wins public officials directory take action advocacy partnerseconomic development industry leaders forum industry dashboards small business center cross border economy strategic partnerstalent talent programs bnp grow bnp empower executive exchange talent navigator talent pipeline managementinclusive growth minority business initiative employ buffalo niagara coalition dei toolkit employing dei in wny dei symposium benefits cliff hr toolkitabout board of directors staff directory member portal faqs annual report to members news and press careers contact usmembership join today membership directory insurance & healthcare payroll & hr assistance associate memberships certificate of origin marketing opportunities








 













buffalo niagara partnership






your regional chamber of commerce making buffalo niagara a better place to do business since 1844.





















join us 
 
member application

 








directory 
 
find a member

 








advocacy 
 
learn more

 


































what's new











































































mark your calendar




















tues. feb. 25th | 8:00 a.m. - 10:00 a.m. 
join your fellow bnp young professional members for coffee and learn how the bnp advocates for the needs of region and drives the economic development conversation in buffalo niagara.
bnp’s director of government affairs josh veronica will lead an insider conversation on the issues you should be aware of, the drivers of and barriers to our region’s economy, and how you can plug in to help the bnp make a difference in city hall, albany and washington, dc. we will cover: the importance of business advocacy, who in government does what, how to stay informed and get involved, and the top issues facing our regional economy.
tuesday, february 25
8am - 10am
the establishment
300 corporate parkway, ste. 110n
buffalo, ny 14226
free event for bnp yp professional
refreshments provided
 
learn more

 



















wed. mar 12 | 10:00am - 10:30am 
5 ideas in 25 minutes: our new quarterly series dives into the many aspects of owning and operating a small business. in each session, an industry expert will discuss effective ways to gain a business edge and develop best practices.
session 4:  human resources for small business 
wednesday, march 12 
10 am 
presenter: employer services corporation (esc)
esc is an outsourced hr and employment administration firm, headquartered in buffalo, offering a professional employer organization (peo) service model, in addition to hr outsourcing, hr consulting, and administrative service organization (aso) models.
small business owners already wear many hats, and the right expert advice can go a long way. session 4 will highlight the most important human resources laws, requirements and best practices that all small business owners need to consistently focus on.
 
learn more

 








bnp events 


 
view all events

 





member events 


 
view all events

 


















your regional chamber of commerce






the buffalo niagara partnership is the area’s regional chamber of commerce and privately-funded economic development organization. our members employ more than a quarter of a million people in the buffalo niagara region. by mobilizing members and strategic partners around common goals, the bnp grows private investment and jobs in buffalo niagara through advocacy, business development and convening.

















featured members
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































next
previous









 










© 2025 buffalo niagara partnership
 | 
site by growthzone

















buffalo niagara partnership









call




716-852-7100 










contact us




contact us 
























facebook





twitter





linkedin























































 © 2025 buffalo niagara partnership.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 













 


















