








a.o.g. is in our d.n.a - sentry aerospares



































































uk: +44 (0) 1923 244 277      us: 732.617.8225
sales@sentry.aero















home
products & services

24/7 aog service
sale, exchange, loan & repair
dangerous goods
inventory acquisition


about

about us
our team


quality
contact
24/7 aog service
 


select page


  
 
 















a.o.g. is in our d.n.a.

find out more







quality. at the heart of everything we do.

 

 

sentry aerospares is a globally respected supplier of aircraft spare-parts. we’rededicated to providing a world class service with uncompromised quality.
























most valued  spare-parts supplierwithin our aog sourcing team, sentry aerospares has remained the best and most valued spare-parts supplier for many years. thanks to their great performance, high responsiveness and considerable reliability, we are able to provide their high quality components, on time, to all our pbh customers and to our local fleet. in sentry we trust, strongly!
laurent, aog sourcing procurement specialistair france industries









most trusted suppliersentry aerospares is one of our most trusted suppliers of aog rotable spare-parts and a valued partner of ours.
aog desk buyeravianca









fast, accurate and competitivesentry aerospares are the best in the business at providing fast, accurate and competitive services to airlines, mro’s and lessors worldwide. when aog support is required, sentry will not be beaten on customer support.
avp technicalprocurement, avolon









valued business partneri would gladly recommend sentry aerospares as a really valued business partner. we have been dealing with them for many years. service and reliability has always been great. with massive stock worldwide they always help with part shortages.
senior logistics specialist aog desklot polish airlines 












supporting the leading names in aviation since 1975
created following the 2022 merger of aerospares 2000 and sentry aerospace, sentry aerospares maintain one of the industry’s largest inventories of factory new and used serviceable material in our strategically located bases close to all of new york and london’s major airports.
led by a highly experienced group of aviation professionals with wide experience within the industry, our skilled team has the knowledge and expertise to provide the most effective solutions for your aircraft spare-part requirements.

find out more











we’re trusted by…







customers



in




countries








 






























































 









delivering a personalised service. globally.








aog, 24/7
our rapid response 24/7 aog service is industry leading. we stock a wide range of aog critical spare-parts including: avionics, fire extinguishers, ram air turbines, radomes, actuation & much more.



learn more






component sales, exchange & loans
specialists in atr, airbus, boeing & embraer rotables, we pride ourselves on stocking the hard-to-find parts others don’t. we offer highly competitive prices for exchange, loans and sales.



learn more






dangerous goods
our team have the knowledge and experience needed to prepare the most difficult of dangerous good shipments in a compliant manner..



learn more







upcoming events…
meet the sentry aerospares team at industry events around the world…









   128th iatp conference
     october 7-11, 2023     istanbul, turkey


   dubai airshow 2023
     november 13-17, 2023     dubai


   mro europe
     october 17-19, 2023     amsterdam, the netherlands











latest news…
read the latest news and updates from sentry aerospares






aviv tzur joins sentry aerospares board of directors
read more



boris wolstenholme appointed ceo of sentry aerospares’ european division
read more



introducing sentry aerospares
read more


« older entries








view all news







speak to our experienced team to find out how we can support you with your quality aircraft part requirements.



get in touch



 











stocking hard-to-find commercial aircraft rotables for the latest generation of aircraft



about usour team24/7 aog service



sales & repairscontact usprivacy policy






uk: +44 (0) 1923 244 277us: 732.617.8225






sales@sentry.aero






follow us on linkedin







© sentry aerospares, 2023



 















































