





harley-davidson® motorcycle dealer in countryside, il 
















































































skip to main content


 








toggle navigation







buying

new inventory
certified pre-owned inventory
pre-owned inventory
bargain bikes
custom order request






selling

trade in your bike
sell your bike
consign your bike
rider 2 rider



finance department

get approved
insurance providers
h-d® visa
promotions



parts & service

parts department
service department
priority maintenance program
extended service plan
custom coverage



apparel

apparel promotions
the shirt shop



learn/rent/tour

jumpstart™
learn to ride
adventure bike training
advanced riding classes
motorcycle rentals
motorcycle tours



customer corner

event calendar
referrals
storage options
reviews
blog




about us


work with us
motorcycle tech training
contact us







illinois harley-davidson®

9950 joliet rd
 countryside, il 60525
us

phone: (708) 387-8750
email: e.camalieri@windycityhd.com

fax:
			(708) 387-8760







we buy bikes!click here


join our email listclick here





illinois harley-davidson®
9950 joliet rd, countryside, il 60525 (708) 387-8750






illinois harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in countryside, il, near la grange and hodgkinsillinois harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in countryside, il, near la grange and hodgkins
illinois harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in countryside, il, near la grange and hodgkinsillinois harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in countryside, il, near la grange and hodgkins
to hell with a destination, for $443/month*. stop in todayto hell with a destination, for $443/month*. stop in today
illinois harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in countryside, il, near la grange and hodgkinsillinois harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in countryside, il, near la grange and hodgkins








previous



pause



next









shop hundreds of new units
shop over 1,000 used units






$100
per month






$200
per month






$400
per month














street®





sportster®





dyna®





softail®





v-rod®





touring





trike





cvo™





electric





adventure touring






previous



next















our story
illinois harley-davidson® is owned and operated by experienced harley-davidson® riders, and that's why we have designed a dealership that meets riders needs first. illinois harley-davidson® is proud to employ some of the best and most passionate motorcycle enthusiasts at our dealership location in countryside, near chicago, il! we know what it takes to get you out on the road, and that's why we offer full service maintenance, parts and financing all in house. illinois harley-davidson® is proud to live on the core pledge to our valued customers that always begins with choice, convenience, and value.  we live to meet your needs as a rider every day to meet and exceed your expectations long after purchasing your next motorcycle! stop by to see what we can do to make a difference in your riding experience! 

illinois harley-davidson® in countryside, serving orland park and naperville, il offers access to the largest inventory of over 1,000 new and quality pre-owned motorcycles in stock! our staff will guide you in choosing your next bike while offering proper fitting and test rides so you're sure to get a bike that feels good to you. no matter which bikes you decide on, our professional motorcycle financing staff will go the extra mile to ensure you get competitive rates and worry-free warranties to keep you out doing what you love! illinois harley-davidson® is also proud to offer award-winning service, parts, and accessories departments, as well as quality motorclothes® that are built for riding! 
 
new to riding? illinois harley-davidson® has partnerships with several comprehensive riding courses through chicago & milwaukee motorcycle schools! we can also help with testing your next bike before you buy with chicago motorcycle rentals. make friends with other riders in the area with the help of our group riding adventures at chicago motorcycle tours. 
 
find out firsthand why our customers keep coming back to illinois harley-davidson® in countryside, near orland park and naperville, il! visit today to learn more about what sets our dealership apart from the competition!
















social



facebook
like illinois harley-davidson® on facebook! (opens in new window)




instagram
follow illinois harley-davidson® on instagram! (opens in new window)


h.o.g. chapter


email club




text club





hours

mon - tue out riding
wed - fri 10:00am - 6:00pm
saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm
sunday 10:00am - 4:00pm







links

get approved
service
parts
apparel
value your bike
contact us
locations










dealer spike (opens in new window)



copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved


privacy notice
website privacy policy
terms
accessibility
site map

































 
  text us! 

x


        hi there, have a question? 
        send us a text!
    

 



