




cicero foundation – an independent pro-eu and pro-atlantic think tank









































skip to content




















homeaboutcicero papersbookseventslinkscontacttoggle website search



28408







menu
close

















the cicero foundation is an independent dutch non-for-profit organization and think  tank whose aim it is to provide a broad, global forum to discuss issues  that are of central importance for the future of european integration and transatlantic cooperation. 
visit cicero papers, which gives free access to more than 200 papers. 


16 jan 2025the eu and aithe need for the eu’s political transformation in order to obtain ai sovereigntygeorgios i. zekosinternational hellenic universityserres, macedoniagreece27 may2024the role of the cossacks in putinist russiadr. richard arnoldassociate professor of political sciencemuskingum university, new concord, ohiou.s.a.                        just published: (january 2024)                 the third, enlarged, and completely updated edition of                                             marcel h. van herpen putin’s wars   the rise of russia’s new imperialismthe book which predicted the occupation of the donbas and the crimea before it happened!on the internal war in russia, the chechen war, the war in georgia, the invasion in ukraine in 2014,and its aftermath. the book is completed with an in-depth analysis of the russian invasion of ukraine in 2022-2024 and an assessment of the outcome of the war.https://rowman.com/isbn/9781538183861/putin’s-wars-the-rise-of-russia’s-new-imperialism-third-editioneurope needs cicerovittorio bufacchidepartment of philosophyuniversity college corkirelandreactionary thinking:what is its impact in contemporary politics?richard shortenassociate professor in political theory,university of birmingham, ukdoes putin have a conscience?the two value systems of a consummate cynicmarcel h. van herpendirector, the cicero foundation for analyses and articles on ukrainego to “cicero papers”how will ai influence politics?chance or danger for democracy?georgios i. zekos, phd.international hellenic university, thessalonikithe economic consequences of populismdr. petar stankoveconomics departmentroyal hollowayuniversity of london why has utopia become a dirty word?mark jendrysik, phd.professoruniversity of north dakotausa generation z“lost” or emerging generation?laurie l. rice & kenneth w. moffettprofessors of political sciencesouthern illinois universityedwardsville, il., usa tactical retreat?the challenge of reducing and eliminating tactical nuclear weaponsdr. tim streetdirectornuclear information service, uk12 july 2021 russia and natodoes the kremlin suffer from a encirclement syndrome?dr. oxana schmiessecurity expert, berlin 30march2021 the end of populismtwenty proposals to defend liberal democracynew book by marcel h. van herpendirector, cicero foundation17 march 2021why do we believe in conspiracy theories?dr. michael butterprofessor of american literary and cultural historyuniversity of tübingen, germany10march2021the great war and the shaping of contemporary u.s. isolationismdr. kenneth d. rosecalifornia state universityhistory department9 march2021democratic decay: why does it happen and what can we do to prevent it from happening? natasha lindstaedtdeputy dean of education, social sciencesdepartment of governmentuniversity of essex27nov.2020trump and the protestants – how do the religious right and left use history in a populist era?dr. matthew rowleyhonorary visiting fellow at the university of leicesterresearch associate at the cambridge institute on religion & international relations17nov.2020“no better friend” -assessing the ‘special’ nature of the canada-ukraine relationshipdr. bohdan s. kordanprofessor of international relationsdirector, prairie centre for the study of ukrainian heritageuniversity of saskatchewan, canada24 august2020putin 2036 – the next sixteen years: what can we expect?vladimir tismaneanuprofessor in the department of government and politics, university of marylandkate c. langdonerasmus mundus scholar4 april 2020“the people” versus democracy: a new dilemmalarry alan busklecturer, department of philosophy and modern languages california state university, stanislaus  4 april 2020two faces of “twitter populism” in the netherlands the different strategies of wilders’s pvv and baudet’s forum for democracypeter verweijdirector d3-m the netherlands  16 dec. 2019populism in italyexploring the ideological roots of lega and the five star movement luca manucciuniversity of lisboninstitute of social sciences13 sept. 2019the end of whitehall?patrick diamondassistant professor in public policyqueen mary, university of london
10 july 2019debunking the myth of ‘the will of the people’albert wealeemeritus professor of political theory and public policyuniversity college london
9 july 2019the uk after brexit: will and can the anglosphere replace the eu?andrew mycock and ben wellingsuniversity of huddersfield (uk) and monash university (australia)
7 june 2019early liberals and universal suffragetheir fear of populists and ‘dangerous’ peoplemarcel h. van herpen directorthe cicero foundation
3sept. 2018how the trump administration has buried the human rights agendamichael blakeprofessor of philosophy, public policy, and governanceuniversity of washingtonseattle, washington
18 june 2018the rise of kremlin-friendly populism in the netherlandsmarcel h. van herpendirectorthe cicero foundation
31 may 2018confronting the wicked problem of fake news:a role for education?donald a. barclayuniversity of california
1 nov. 2017how to save politics in a post-truth era?ilan zvi baronassociate professorschool of government and international affairsdurham university, uk
14 july 2017the danger of “russian hybrid warfare”dr. ofer fridmandepartment of war studiesking s college, london
9 june 2017populism and the wealth paradoxfrank mols and jolanda jettenuniversity of queenslandaustralia
4 july 2016russia s nuclear threats and the security of the baltic states marcel h. van herpendirectorthe cicero foundation 2 dec. 2015putins wars:the rise of russia s new imperialismmarcel h. van herpendirectorthe cicero foundation 2 dec. 2015putin s propaganda machine:soft power and russian foreign policymarcel h. van herpendirectorthe cicero foundation 11 aug. 2015ukraine and russia:in search of a divergent futurevolodymyr kravchenkodirector, canadian institute of ukrainian studiesuniversity of albertaedmonton, canada
24 june 2015the greek golden dawn: reasons behind the extreme rights revival in te cradle of democracydaphne halikiopoulousofia vasilopoulouresp. university of reading and university of york
9 dec. 2014the information war on ukrainenew challengesdr. jolanta darczewskadeputy directorcentre for eastern studieswarsaw
24 june 2014russia-baltic relations after crimeas annexation: reasons for concern?agnia grigas phdfellow  at the mckinnon center for global affairs at occidental collegelos angeles, caformer advisor of the lithuanian government
20 dec. 2013‘traditional values’ and human rightswhose traditions? which rights?michael blake professor of philosophy and public policyuniversity of washingtonseattle, washington, usa
10 april 2013corruption in europe:what can be done?laurence cockcroftco-founder transparency international (ti)chairman ti(uk) 2000-2008
1 sept. 2011the northern foreign policy of russiawhat is the long-term strategy of russia in the baltic sea and arctic regions?ingmar oldbergresearch associateswedish institute of international affairsstockholm



 populism, johnson, and brexit andrew richard ryder associate professor eötvös lorand university budapest is hungary’s illiberal democracy a    model for other european countries?robert csehibavarian school of public administration, munich, germanyhas social democracy still a future?dr. rob manwaringflinders universityaustraliathe virus does not care what you thinkdr. tim aistropelecturer in international relations school of politics and international relations university of kent, uk  after brexit: thinking beyond the european crisisgerard delantydepartment of sociologyuniversity of sussexbrighton, uk
the pressing message of russian dissidents: a lesson for western liberalsnicolas tenzerchairman cerap, paris
the russian orthodox church: toward a new, global role?greg simonsuppsala centre for russian and eurasian studiesuppsala, sweden
interview: how to debunk russian propaganda?the work of stopfake.orgyevhen fedchenkoco-founder stopfake.orgdirector mohyla school of journalism, kyiv
the position of national minorities in putins russiauniformity or diversity?federica prinauniversity of glasgowuk
osce ‘bis’:a new european security initiativejan pieklodirectorpauci foundationwarsaw, polandkyiv, ukraine
human rights protection: ought the united nations to have an increasing or diminishing role?rosa freedmanlecturer at birmingham law schooluniversity of birmingham, u.k.
ukraine: who is responsible for the death of the passengers of the mh17?a ten point commentarymarcel h. van herpendirectorthe cicero foundation
kaliningrad: what is its function in contemporary russia?greg simonsuppsala centre for russianand eurasian studies
ethnic cleansing in the balkanswhy did it happen and could it happen again?paul mojzesrosemont collegerosemont, pennsylvania, u.s.a.
crisis and the future of europejohn mccormickjean monnet professor of european union politicsindiana universityindianapolis, usa
marx and human rightsanalysis of an ambivalent relationshipmarcel h. van herpendirectorthe cicero foundation
russia and syriawhy putin supports the bashar al-assad regimetalal nizameddinamerican university of beirut
ukraine, europe, and bandera alexander j. motylprofessor of political sciencerutgers university, newark rising anti-semitism in europehow to respond?prof. gert weisskirchen, mpforeign policy spokesmanspd fraction german bundestag 



join our mailing list
receive  the detailed programmes of our seminars and info on new lectures online.









please leave this field empty
 i allow my e-mail address to be used for sending the newsletter


please, check your mailbox (or spam folder) to confirm your subscription.
        
 




the cicero foundation is associated with the international relations and security network (isn)























				copyright 2025 - marc bijl			















home
about
cicero papers
books
events
links
contact
toggle website search
































