




rock creek pack station

















×
  home
trail rides
hikes 
mustang trips
horse drives
 day rides 
custom hikes
continuous hire packer and stock
private pack trips
packing school
base camps
spot trips
dunnage/cache
reservations
 employment 
find us
 general info


☰menu





wilderness permits for our guests are issued from our commercial quota, not from the general public quota.




   riding
 trail ride schedule

are you an angler? we have open trail rides into the golden trout wilderness.  

 love the fall colors?  join us for a september ride .

 

enjoy your wilderness!  hike or ride to your own secluded campsite in the john muir wilderness.  you provide the food and equipment or we can provide a fully outfitted camp with cook. look at some ideas for spot or dunnage trips.

we offer parent/child trailrides. 

planning a trip to the mammoth lakes or bishop area? we have day rides. call us for a reservation.
please note that day rides will not start until late june 2024.
  hiking
 hiking schedule


we offer a 31 day stock supported hiking trip that enables you to complete the john muir trail from horseshoe meadow (near lone pine) to happy isles (near tuolumne meadows). see details for the john muir/pacific crest trail hike here

 have a desire to gaze from the highest peak in the continental united states? you can join our  summit mt. whitney hike to experience that! 

the list of scheduled  hiking with packstock  trips can be found, here.

or  create your own hiking adventure  with us!



come hike with us!

  rock creek pack station, inc. owns and operates three separate pack station locations in the eastern sierra nevada. travel, camp, fish and adventure from mount whitney to yosemite and beyond. 



cottonwood pack station is located near lone pine, california, at the end of horseshoe meadow road. this pack station is run by rock creek pack station, operating as mt. whitney pack trains. access to the golden trout wilderness and the sequoia national park wilderness allows for scenic and diverse terrain! day rides, hiking and riding trips are offered. climb mt. whitney from the west side or traverse the john muir trail from one end to the other. 


rock creek pack station is situated at the end of rock creek road, near bishop, california.  day rides,
spring and fall horse drives, mustang viewing trips, traveling trailrides and stock supported hiking trips are just some of the adventures offered.  


virginia lakes pack outfit is located on virginia lakes road, just south of bridgeport, california. we offer day rides through the beautiful virginia lakes canyon. in addition, we have pack trips and hiking trips into the seldom seen north eastern yosemite wilderness.



 please contact us to set up a  private all-expense trip, a dunnage drop or a spot trip, in any of the areas we serve.



gift certificates


please note that we do not carry satellite phones or other satellite communications devices.
if you want to have a communications device, you can rent one from many online sources.
if you would like a two-way communication and emergency response device, you can purchase a garmin inreach device. more information is available at the  garmin website.







call us today at 760-872-8331 for a quick response to your questions.
you can email us, also. 
 

fees:all trail rides and packing schools are subject to a 2% usfs fee.
horse drives are are subject to a 3% usfs fee.
mustang trips are are subject to a 3% usfs fee.
trips traveling in yosemite national park are subject to an additional 3% park use fee.

trips traveling in the sequoia and kings canyon national parks are subject to an additional 3% park use fee.
permits and permit monitoring fees are applied  per person for trips. permits are issued from the commercial allocation.
rock creek pack station, inc operates under permit on the inyo national forest. 
notice: in accordance with federal law and u.s. department of agriculture (usda) civil rights regulations and policies, this institution is prohibited from discriminating on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, and reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights activity.  (not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.)
 
persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g., braille, large print, audiotape, american sign language, etc.) should contact the responsible state or local agency that administers the program or usda?s target center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and tty) or contact usda through the federal relay service at (800) 877-8339.  additionally, program information is also available in languages other than english.
 
to file a complaint alleging discrimination, complete the usda program discrimination complaint form, ad-3027 , found online at  http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html , or at any usda office or write a letter addressed to usda and provided in the letter all of the information requested in the form.  to request a copy of the complaint form, call (866) 632-9992.  submit your completed form or letter to usda by: (a) mail: u.s. department of agriculture office of the assistant secretary for civil rights, 1400 independence avenue, sw, washington, d.c. 20250-9410; (b) fax: (202) 690-7442; or (c) email:program.intake@usda.gov.
 
usda is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.
  
 last updated: january 7, 2025 
copyright © 2005-2025 rock creek pack station - all rights reserved







