





pro support system
























































skip to content







 







about
unions
affiliations
preferred providers
questionnaire
contact us
 

 menu


about
unions
affiliations
preferred providers
questionnaire
contact us
 









call (800) 262-feet 













- since 1988 - 











the professional's choice for orthotics 











stable  /  strong   /   pain-free 







 
shop















what is an orthotic? 



it is a specially crafted device used inside various shoe types. it is designed to balance and control the function of the foot and lower extremities. worn comfortably these appliances are meant to reduce the development of bio-mechanichal abnormalities making walking and standing more comfortable. 







 
find a doctor near you today.












 




















where we have been 















































































about us 






our story











make your feet happy 



pro support systems provides foot support to professionals from all over the world.  our products are used by collegiate, professional and amateur athletes, electricians, teachers, union members, and all others who depend on their feet to get the job done.   







 
order











articles 






archive















 





trust your feet to an expert 



our customized shoe device (insert) was developed at one of the country’s leading podiatric medical schools and refined by podiatrist simon small, a fellow of the american college of foot surgeons and the american academy of podiatric sports medicine.​dr. small has worked with athletes for many years and his study and knowledge of the stresses and strains on athletes’ feet have inspired our players’ confidence. he has observed numerous patients in action in order to create the best insert for foot comfort. he realizes that when you’re trying to win points you’re not thinking of the rigorous impact on your feet. 







 
meet the doctor

















 






what our clients say 
















						
"we are extremely grateful for your orthotics. your support will help us reach many goals and together, we can make safe mobility and companionship a reality for more individuals through the use of a guide dog."					


karen reynolds, board president, guide dogs of the desert international  / palm springs, ca 




















						"both my players and i have been wearing your orthotics since the first week of february and are very satisfied with the results. i have noticed reduced complaints about shin splints and other foot/leg problems of our chronic sufferers."					


eric hayes, men's tennis coach, university of south florida  / tampa, fl 




















						"just a note to thank you for the orthotics. the entire membership is very pleased with how they have worked out. i also appreciated all the personal attention you gave us."					


paul runge, president- major league umpires association  / philadelphia, pa 
























						"unfortunately, over-the-counter orthotics, ice, anti-inflammatory medications, etc. did little to help my pain. your cmos were making a major difference. from one podiatrist to another, thank you for making this the most rewarding experience possible.

​					


alex kor, dpm, ms, kaiser permanente, camp springs medical center  / temple hills, md 




















						"i had heel spurs in my right heel. dr. small designed me a pair of pro support orthotics with a couple of special additions to help take the pressure off my heel. four years later, i have been running pain-free 40 to 50 miles a week. it has changed my life."					


 brad kroenig, top male model  / wyckoff, nj 




















						
"on behalf of the new jersey teamsters retiree club, we would like to thank you for making orthotic supports for our interested members."

​					


les lippencott, president & peter mancuso, vp  / nj 
























						"thank you very much for the new supports. they fit even better than the others. i look forward to wearing them as i play."					


stan smith, smith stearns tennis academy  / hilton head island, sc 




















						
“both my players and i have been wearing your orthotics since the first week of february and are very satisfied with the results.”					


eric hayes, mens tennis coach  /  tampa, fl 




















						"no serious player should be without these foot supports. please send me a replacement set of the orthotics; they have seriously been a godsend." 

​					


donald rung, penn state university  /  state college, pa 
























						
"i wanted to thank you for the orthotics. they are the best i have ever worn. i talk you up every chance i get with the n.b.a refs."					


​  dr. david levinson, levinson chiropractic life center  / cumming, ga 




















						"enjoying my orthotic appliances."

​					


harry wendelstedt, national league umpires  / ormand beach, fl 




















						
"i received my orthotics and have been using them in my squash shoes with great success. thank you pro support systems."					


e. taylor quick, csra president /   denver, co 























review from clients

3 videos
 










2022 nfl draft  live 

0:16








omar - dr. small moment

0:16








custom molded orthotics

0:16






















pro support system




																								pro support system											



2022 nfl draft preview live from las vegas nfl alumni golf outing live



live from the nfl alumni golf outing, we preview the upcoming nfl draft. the philadelphia eagles have two picks in the first round. how should they use these picks? 











pro support system




																								pro support system											



advantage omar – dr. small moment



miami open may be coming to a close but the fun never ends with omar benson miller and dj mad linx.													











pro support system




																								pro support system											



pro support systems – custom molded orthoticsget a step ahead!pro support systems introduces…custom molded orthotics available to you now without aprescription for just three easy payments of $59 plus shipping and handling.pay in full and receive half off shipping and handling. 



















we are the official orthothics of the grint tour 



members of the grint tour get a reduced member rate which includes the casting impression kit that is sent to interested pre-paid client.call us to get your discount! 





 





















we are the official orthothic of the nfl alumni association 




members can enjoy a great discount in our products. if you are interested in learning more, reach out to us via telephone or email to request more informationn about the member discounted rates. 






 


























contact us 











 









 







details 






 
pro support systems



 
327 montgomery avenue  bala cynwyd, pa 19004



 
prosupport@comcast.net










store policy 



we accept master card, visa, american express and checks. 






1.800.262.feet













© 2023 by pro support systems llc.  site by  q hubo news llc
 











































