















       about this collection | world digital library | digital collections | library of congress
    











































top of page



skip to main content







library of congress





search



everything
audio recordings
books/printed material
films, videos
legislation
manuscripts/mixed material
maps
notated music
newspapers
periodicals
personal narratives
photos, prints, drawings
software, e-resources
web archives
web pages
3d objects
this collection








search


search toggle





menu 



discover
services
visit
education
connect
shop external link
donate
about


ask a librarian
help
contact


search online catalog
copyright.gov
congress.gov












library of congress
digital collections
world digital library
about this collection






 share

























collection
world digital library




menu 



about this collection


collection items










featured content







                        morning glory flowers: national diet library
                    






                        the origin of tenjin: national diet library
                    






                        annals of creation: national library of china
                    






                        one hundred aspects of the moon: moon and smoke: national diet ...
                    






                        itinerary book kept during the journey to east india: national ...
                    






                        ottheinrich bible: bavarian state library
                    






                        the tale of the bamboo cutter: national diet library
                    






                        a modern and complete map of the world: national library of ...
                    






                        letter on birch bark from siberia: national library of latvia
                    






                        stories of the prophets: berlin state library
                    






                        memoirs of babur: walters art museum
                    






                        makian as it appears from the side of ngofakiaha: austrian ...
                    






                        javanese manuscript of the adventures of hamza: bavarian state ...
                    






                        illustrated book of thai poetry: bavarian state library
                    






                        the book of kings: bavarian state library
                    






                        cosmographical map: national library of france
                    






                        collection of poems by jāmī: walters art museum
                    






                        the florentine codex: medicea laurenziana library
                    






                        bucolics, georgics, and the aeneid: riccardiana library of ...
                    






                        the fire of the church of our lady: royal library, denmark
                    






                        book of horses: qatar national library
                    






                        the first folio of shakespeare: folger shakespeare library
                    






                        illustrated atlas: national central library
                    






                        the man of commerce: university of wisconsin-milwaukee libraries
                    






                        on plants: casanatense library
                    






                        the dresden codex: saxon state and university library
                    






                        the insect book: national diet library
                    






                        nautical atlas of the world: national library of france
                    






                        treatise on cats: the british library
                    






                        adriaen coenen's fish book: national library of the netherlands
                    






                        lancelot, the knight of the cart: national library of france
                    






                        thurneisser's "astrolabium": berlin state library

                    






                        portraits of 500 arhats: national library of china
                    






                        international signs: united nations office at geneva library
                    















listen to this page




about this collection


this collection contains cultural heritage materials gathered during the world digital library (wdl) project, including thousands of items contributed by partner organizations worldwide as well as content from library of congress collections. the original world digital library site (preserved in lc’s web archives here) and all descriptive metadata were translated from english and made available in six additional languages: spanish, portuguese, french, arabic, russian, and chinese. all item records include narrative descriptions submitted by the contributing partners and enhanced by wdl researchers to contextualize the item and its cultural and historical importance. books, manuscripts, maps, and other primary materials in the wdl collection are presented in their original languages; more than 100 languages are represented, including many lesser known and endangered languages. additionally, all world digital library metadata in each of the seven languages is available as a downloadable dataset.
launched in 2009, the world digital library was a project of the u.s. library of congress, with the support of unesco, and contributions from libraries, archives, museums, educational institutions, and international organizations around the world. the wdl sought to preserve and share some of the world’s most important cultural objects, increasing access to cultural treasures and significant historical documents to enable discovery, scholarship, and use.
wdl partner institutions selected content in accordance with guidelines set by the wdl content selection committee. they chose content for its cultural and historical importance, with due regard to recognition of the achievements of all countries and cultures over a wide range of time periods. the materials collected by the wdl include cultural treasures and significant historical documents including books, manuscripts, maps, newspapers, journals, prints, photographs, sound recordings, and films.
librarian of congress james h. billington proposed the establishment of the wdl in a speech to the u.s. national commission for unesco in june 2005. the basic idea was to create an internet-based, easily-accessible collection of the world’s cultural riches that would tell the stories and highlight the achievements of all countries and cultures, thereby promoting cross-cultural awareness and understanding. unesco welcomed the idea as a contribution toward fulfilling its strategic objectives, which include promoting knowledge societies, building capacity in developing countries, and promoting cultural diversity on the web. unesco director-general koichiro matsuura designated unesco’s directorate for communication and information, then led by dr. abdul waheed khan, to work with the library of congress to develop the project.
in december 2006, unesco and the library of congress convened an experts meeting at unesco headquarters in paris to discuss the project. experts from all parts of the world identified a number of challenges that the project would need to overcome to be successful. they noted that little cultural content was being digitized in many countries, and that developing countries in particular lacked the capacity to digitize and display their cultural treasures. existing websites often had poorly developed search and display functions. multilingual access was not well developed.
the experts meeting led to the establishment of working groups to develop guidelines for the project, and to a decision by the library of congress, unesco, and five partner institutions – the bibliotheca alexandrina, the national library of brazil, the national library and archives of egypt, the national library of russia, and the russian state library – to contribute content to a wdl prototype to be presented at the unesco general conference in 2007. input into the design of the prototype was solicited through a consultative process that involved unesco, the international federation of library associations and institutions (ifla), and individuals and institutions in more than forty countries. the successful unveiling of the prototype was followed by a decision by these institutions to develop a public, freely-accessible version of the wdl.
a team at the library of congress then developed the public, online version of the wdl, which was launched at unesco in april 2009. twenty-six institutions contributed content to the launch version of the site. launch partners included national libraries and cultural organizations in brazil, china, egypt, mexico, russia, france, sweden, uganda, the united states and other locations worldwide.
following the launch, the wdl continued to add content to the site and to enlist new partners from all parts of the world. in april 2010, institutions and organizations contributing to the wdl adopted the wdl charter, which established a permanent governance structure.
in 2020, the wdl charter concluded. in 2021, after more than 10 years of operation, the library transitioned wdl’s world-wide collection of cross-cultural treasures into a sustainable home for perpetual access on the library of congress’s main website. the original world digital library site is preserved by the library of congress web archive, which captures the look and feel of the site. now available on the library’s main website, the collection is a rich and valuable resource showing the diversity of the world’s cultures through the contributions of hundreds of organizations.
the library of congress has received multiple complaints of an individual claiming to be the director of the world digital library and soliciting freelance work for a $200 employment id.  please be warned that  the wdl’s charter has ended and neither the library of congress nor the former world digital library has any connection with this scam.











                    about this collection
                


                    rights and access
                





expert resources



                main reading room
                
            



                african and middle eastern reading room
                
            



                ask a librarian
                
            



                asian reading room
                
            



                asian division ask a librarian
                
            



                european reading room
                
            



                european division ask a librarian
                
            



                hispanic reading room
                
            



                hispanic reading room ask a librarian
                
            



                law library of congress
                
            



                collections with books
                
            



                library of congress catalog
                
            



                collections with manuscripts
                
            



                geography and map reading room, guide to the collections
                
            



                how to order reproductions
                
            



                geography and map ask a librarian
                
            



                collections with photos
                
            














 back to top



follow us









































take our survey external





accessibility
legal
inspector general
external link disclaimer
usa.gov
careers
contact
media
donate
shop












opens in new window
download











