












completing a living will form | surfing the apocalypse

















 



 surfing the apocalypse    10th planet found in our solar system posted by: clickydalso see: new planet nicknamed xena posted by: curious  x-class: dark substance enters sunspot posted by: kent  water ice in crater at martian north pole! posted by: anon_one  mysterious vitrified sand in libyan desert posted by: lamamaba  truth and urban legends spawned from 9-11 posted by: informantnews  interest grows in solving cryptic cia puzzle posted by: curious  robot runs riot at california hospital posted by: fiddler  the amazing antikythera mechanism posted by: curious  brazilian doctors uncover ‘michelangelo code’ posted by: curious  mile-high cellphones may block et’s call posted by: curious  astronomers discover active earth-like planet posted by: kaspel  astronomical alignments of ancient structures posted by: lighteye  world first: brain cells grown in lab posted by: curious  2012: end of the 5th sun posted by: lighteye  red rainbow – tesla shield?  russian dna discoveries explain human ‘paranormal’ events posted by: bluestar  the nde and the silver cord posted by: curious  place where jesus was baptized found? posted by: curious  may 2005 crop formation update in 6 countries posted by: lighteye  bob lazar, element 115, massive stars & heavy metals posted by: lighteye  astrologer to sue nasa over comet plans posted by: curious  testing natasha – the girl with the x-ray eyes posted by: kaspel  crop circles decoded? blue prints of the gods posted by: informantnews  lost asteroid clue to pioneer puzzle posted by: kaspel  haarp clouds posted by: banshee  area 51 declassified posted by: lighteye  (anti-christ) number of the beast not 666 but 616??? posted by: curious  sirius: partner star of our sun? posted by: ponter  pygmy found near home of hobbits posted by: curious  action robot to copy human brain posted by: curious  michio kaku talks parallel universes posted by: lighteye  extraordinary discovery unlocks secrets of the ancients  ‘classical holy grail’ may rewrite history of world posted by: curious  a new layer of the earth discovered posted by: kaspel  tourists endanger inca citadel of machu picchu posted by: curious  mars mgs: extraterrestrial/alien catacombs & labyrinths posted by: storm  city is a fireball magnet posted by: curious  are we fighting extraterrestrial ufos? posted by: mark  more from the boy from mars posted by: lamamaba  bionic suit to be unveiled june 2005 posted by: clickyd  giant prehistoric bugs posted by: kaspel  new photos from mars show… it’s still a face posted by: lighteye  ufo behind st. peters during funeral posted by: kaspel  ufo’s and ancient artwork posted by: curious  jesus, fdr and the meru super-antenna posted by: lighteye  specific crop circles’ form & shape of local universe posted by: lighteye  the psychic shield and the power of now posted by: michaelgoodspeed  parallel universes – michio kaku interview  weird radar posted by: kent  solar ‘tadpoles’ finally explained  note from theresa de veto, editor: new month! help needed! surfing the apocalypse is reader supported – need your help. this is an ‘honor system’ type of deal. the site is provided free of charge – so that everyone can use it. if you use it and can afford to contribute – please do – it really does help. thanks to all who helped out last month! surfing the apocalypse exists due to your gracious donations. please donate if you can – click below for paypal or click this link for further ways to donate.  newest saturn moons given names posted by: kaspel  sun freaks out as planets line up posted by: kent  one of the largest magnetic tubes over the sun ever posted by: kaspel  parallel universes exist in other circuits posted by: lighteye  latest on hubble telescope’s fate posted by: il_bagattel  did radio transmissions picked up by lucille ball’s fillings lead to the capture of a japanese spy?  swiss discover spinning ‘cosmic monster’ posted by: kaspel  dna discoveries explain human paranormal events posted by: tomsawyer  explosive fireball – india posted by: lipstick  sukhoi caused celestial fireball! posted by: lipstick  voice from galactic federation? haarp signals returned to senders???  more evidence of et contacts with indian govt./ military posted by: lighteye  gamer buys $26,500 virtual land  startling artifact mars rover posted by: kent  weather data now available for the masses previously, the data was technically available to the public, but in a format that’s not easily deciphered.  another stonehenge found in russia?  has the mystery of the holy grail been solved?  circles and crosses of light phenomena in germany  maar: malevolent alien abduction research website  s-band mysteries  firm developing video without television  ufo’s in ancient artwork  gilgamesh tomb believed found    scientists sound alarm on arctic ice cap posted by: kaspel earth shakes around the world posted by: kaspel why u.s. wants to end link between time and sun posted by: kaspel video proof of fixed election in 2000!!! posted by: mrb former mi5 agent: “many similarities – london and 9/11” posted by: whitehorserider bush creates national security service: the new ss posted by: vasagoh the meteorites are coming posted by: il_bagattel constitution gets recognition – public law 108–447 posted by: scribe nazi swastika over u.s. naval base! posted by: nwowatcher series of quakes has many fearing the ‘big one’ posted by: kaspel seismologists analyze recent calif. quakes posted by: kaspel will global warming make hurricanes stronger? posted by: kaspel intensity of volcano eruption increases posted by: kaspel nagasaki: a great nuclear age mystery solved posted by: curious mag 7.9 tarapaca, chile posted by: kaspel if big quake hits off coast, tsunami could be gigantic posted by: kaspel heat wave fries central canada – extreme heat emergency posted by: kaspel former bush team member – wtc collapse likely inside job posted by: whitehorserider ‘fire volcano’ has 3rd biggest explosion in 2 weeks posted by: kaspel antarctic iceberg on the move again posted by: curious 125 large northern lakes disappear posted by: kaspel new england red tide grows posted by: kaspel environment atlas reveals planet wide devatation posted by: curious mystery road metal baffles japan posted by: kaspel mental health screening – end of parental rights posted by: whitehorserider attack on separation of church & state defames america posted by: whitehorserider voyager 1 at solar system edge posted by: kaspel h.r. 1528: turn in those who do *any* illegal drug within 24 hours or go to jail! posted by: never_surrender 15k evacuated as freak wave strikes india posted by: miker12 bergen county chief of police gets verichip posted by: anya f.d.a. considers implant device for depression russian lake disappears overnight posted by: kaspel biometric dvd players posted by: anya tsunami eq “unzipped” the earth posted by: lighteye antarctic ice sheet growing posted by: curious yellowstone rated ‘high threat’ for eruption posted by: kaspel earth becoming brighter, but no one knows why posted by: kaspel more sun may recycle species, change human structure posted by: kaspel lake tahoe tsunami posted by: kaspel hyperbole in media reports on asteroids and impacts posted by: kaspel deep impact: coming clues to origin of solar system posted by: lighteye kids brainwashed to accept gov’t lockdown at school posted by: geneticus mars polar lander may have been found posted by: kaspel cia set to move unit to denver posted by: whitehorserider the asteroid with our number on it posted by: journey giant earthquakes to rock world in next 15 yrs posted by: miker12 confirmed: earth’s energy is out of balance posted by: kaspel another tsunami risk posted by: kaspel tv weatherman’s analysis of chemtrails part ii posted by: lighteye diabetics to “shoot up” gila monster spit posted by: il_bagattel genetic mingling mixes human, animal cells posted by: curious genetically engineered rice contaminating china crops posted by: il_bagattel monsanto versus farmers posted by: curious nwo uses religions to divide & conquer posted by: nemesis mistyping google leads to possession of computer meteor shower sparks panic in eastern u.s. posted by: kaspel reports of strange objects, plane crash posted by: kaspel gm industry puts human gene into rice posted by: kaspel impending catastrophes posted by: kaspel interior could undergo dynamic breakup this spring posted by: kaspel 1 in every 138 americans now in jail posted by: clickyd experts warn super eruption maybe imminent in indonesia posted by: never_surrender watch list upgraded from 11-79 volcanoes posted by: never_surrender link between last ice age & super eruption in indonesia posted by: never_surrender supervolcano will threaten civilization geologists warn posted by: never_surrender lots of great scientific info in this article…. posted by: never_surrender villagers in total darkness as 3rd volcano erupts posted by: kaspel 11 volcanoes under close watch in indonesia posted by: miker12 indonesian quakes a forerunner of planetary pole shift? posted by: kaspel prepare now for ‘the big one’ posted by: kaspel rocking our world, apocalypse style posted by: kaspel freak wave rocks cruise posted by: dreamer mysterious appearances a warning posted by: kaspel thousands of u.s. troops & equipment pour into israel posted by: whitehorserider lack of oxygen worsened ‘great dying’ posted by: kaspel inventor of haarp blows the whistle posted by: wizzzard sony patents ‘real life matrix’ posted by: curious gigantic quakes, tsunamis on the horizon posted by: kaspel velikovsky’s ghost returns posted by: michaelgoodspeed scientists: caribbean in danger of being hit by tsunami posted by: wpro3333 concerns mount for east coast eq…sign from sharks? posted by: kaspel new volcano threat: just when you think it’s safe posted by: wpro3333 science’s doomsday team vs. the asteroids posted by: curious subliminal behavior mod through tv described in patent posted by: lighteye pesticide study using children cancelled! posted by: whitehorserider nuclear plants in 31 states said vulnerable posted by: curious toba volcano: will it end civilization? posted by: kaspel cosmic event leaves astronomers mystified posted by: kaspel montana’s house condemns patriot act posted by: curious big bang broken & can’t be fixed posted by: lighteye      the surfing the apocalypse network would you like to contribute articles, stories and opinions to surfing the apocalypse? now you can interact with this site via the new surfing the apocalypse network! anyone can read postings: here you must join to post messages. read the rules of engagement: here if you agree with the rules and want to contribute – please apply for a membership. members log in is  here. you can also submit articles to the editor via email: here  view a sample living will form created online. write a living will today. a living will is a document that helps you express your preferences regarding end-of-life care and treatment if you become incapacitated and cannot decide on your own. every person has the right to decide what treatment they would like to receive and what not if they have a terminal condition. the document is your legal instrument for ensuring that your wishes will be respected. a living will determines proper life-prolonging treatments and usually comes with medical power of attorney (poa). the latter allows the person to appoint their health care proxy to act as a representative in terms of medical decisions. a living will should be prepared based on the laws of the state you live in. check the forms below and create your living will today! florida residents can use a living will to create a health care directive related to their en-of-life care. the document can be followed by health care power of attorney and anatomical donation provisions. a health care power of attorney, also known as a health care surrogate designation, allows a florida resident to appoint a medical representative to act on their behalf should the person become incapacitated. an anatomical donation document is used to determmine the person’s preferences related to organ donation after the death. in ohio, you may use a living will only if you are in a terminal condition or permanently unconscious state. in other circumstances, you should create a medical poa. it’s possible to have both documents on your hands if necessary. in this case, a medical poa will have to comply with a living will declaration. therefore, your health care proxy will make medical decisions based on your end-of-life preferences stated in your living will. a texas living will will specify what kind of life-sustaining treatment you would or would not like to receive in a terminal or irreversible condition. it serves as a directive to your health care providers and family members which they will have to comply with when making medical decisions. however, a living will doesn’t delegate health care decisions to others. you will have to use a medical poa for this purpose. other living will forms are listed below:  alabama arizona california colorado georgia illinois indiana kentucky maine maryland michigan missouri new jersey new york north carolina oklahoma pennsylvania south carolina tennessee virginia washington   the universal seduction: – volume 3 now available ! the most explosive volume ever! 598 pages wrapped in a 7 x 10 volume. click for more information or to order universal seduction website  black jack table chain bookstores career opportunity mailing services you want to know about taking a caribbean cruise putting together your own holiday gift basket paranormal resources  mysteries magazine it¹s time to question your beliefs. if you have a voracious appetite for stories of lost treasure, are fascinated by the occult, or savor tales of the unexplained, mysteries magazine is for you.  from disinformation to disclosure surfing the apocalypse exclusive interview with disclosure project witness john maynard, u.s. army retired – defense intelligence agency (dia).  the fbi has a file on you. but is the information right? click here to get “fbi files exposed” and find out what they have on you.  the dropas discs – crashed discs 12,000 years ago? the team gathered round the discovery, turning it this way and that. it looked, absurdly, like a kind of ‘stone age gramophone record’. there was a hole in the centre and a fine, spiral groove radiated to the rim…   the voynich manuscript the voynich manuscript is often described as the world’s most mysterious book. it is hand-written in a unique alphabet, about 250 pages long, and contains pictures of unrecognizable flowers, naked nymphs and astrological symbols. new research suggests that the manuscript may be an elegant hoax.  the phaistos disc the most important historical realization of the century? the bronze age computer disc?  the underground cities of cappadocia nobody knows just how many underground sites there are in cappadocia although the number has been estimated at around 300…  secret energy haunts coral castle the entire castle complex, which looks like a combination fortress and ancient temple, was constructed of huge coral blocks, many of which exceed five tons. leedskalnin built the castle and everything in it by himself over 26 years — using tools he made from scavenged junkyard parts.  the wanaque, nj vortex an exclusive interview with bryan williams /sargel18. williams has discovered and photographed a ‘vortex’ in wanaque, new jersey.   archives apocalypse culture conspiracy contrails and chemtrails crop circles earth changes forbidden archeology holy grail intelligence mars anomalies message board prophecies and prophets radar anomalies religion sacred geometry zecharia sitchin ufo unexplained weird weird science statement  highly recommended sites to visit regularly aas-ra the archaeology, astronautics and seti research association the anomalist centrex news conspiracy planet cyberspace orbit dark planet dreamscape deep space 4 eco news – environmental war desk ectv enterprise mission far shores flash radar fortean times ground zero radio lets roll911.org nexus magazine propaganda matrix rumor mill news searching for the mars-earth connection sightings steamshovel press ultimate webpage list of anomaly hunters whitley strieber  the installation – interview with valery uvarov uvarov is head of the department of ufo research, science and technical, national security academy, based in st petersburg, russia. ukarov on thetunguska explosion of 1908: ‘it was a meteor, but a meteor that was destroyed by… let’s say, a missile. the missile was generated by a material installation. we don’t know who constructed it, but it was built long, long ago and is situated in siberia, several hundred kilometres north of tunguska.’        “believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if i have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your common sense.” – buddha
