







custom toy makers | custom action figures | custom figurines | custom wooden toys | custom plush toys































































































cart
















0
















            home
          

            custom action figures
          

custom toys


            shop
          







back


            custom figurines
          

            plushies
          










































































cart
















0











homecustom action figures
custom toys

custom figurines
plushies

shop







we make dreams come true












toybuilders making custom toys since 2000custom action figures, custom figurines, custom plushies, custom wood toystoybuilders@gmail.com



custom action figures















have you always wanted to make your own action figure? now from just 2 images our custom action figure makers will make you and action hero!  our custom action figures talk, look and dress just like you! what makes our custom action figures extra special is our custom made outfits and clothes, we can make anything!toybuilders makes the best custom action figures and personalized action figures you can ask for, or imagine. so get creative, have fun, get that super custom action figure of yourself today!




    click here to get a quote
  



custom figurines















toybuilders started the 3d printed toy industry in 1999! we are the company that brought 3d printing in the main stream with our custom figurines. we have been and still are the premiere custom figurine maker in the usa.we can make: custom figurines, custom super hero figurines, custom figurine cake toppers, custom corporation figurines, and anything you can imagine! we use a wide range of technology from 3d cad and 3d printing to old school toy making techniques including hand sculpting.yes we can make 1 or a million of any figurines you need. our process is as simple as it gets, just send an image, the size wanted and the date you need it by, that's it! and yes we ship world wide!




    learn more
  



custom plushies













toybuilders has been making custom plushies and custom plush toys for over 20 years, as a premiere plush toy wholesaler we have helped large corporations, startups and kids the world over. we are the source for all your custom plush doll needs.yes we can make 1 or a million of any plush you need. our process is as simple as it gets, just send an image, the size wanted and the date you need it by, that's it! and yes we ship world wide!




    learn more
  



custom wood toys













toybuilders the only toy builder that actually has artisans with old world skills. so if you need custom wood toys, from a custom wood toy manufacturer we are here for you.we can make: any wood toy or product with a focus on wood toys, custom wood toys, custom wood boxes, custom wood toy boxes, etc!yes we can make 1 or a million of any wooden toy or product you need. our process is as simple as it gets, just send an image, the size wanted and the date you need it by, that's it! and yes we ship world wide! 

 



subscribe to get savings coupon code
we only email saving codes 2x a year so we will not be like those other annoying companies.





first name



last name




email address






sign up now





we respect your privacy. we will never ever share your info with anyone ever!
thank you!





frequently asked questions / answers :yes we can make anythingyes we can make just 1 or a millionyes we ship worldwidewe typically ship usps prioritywe can ship by fedex if requested (that will be extra)you can call us at 203-744-3700 or email us at toybuilders@gmail.comyou are always involved in the process of making your custom toys












203-744-3700
toybuilders@gmail.com


hours
mon open
tue open
wed open
thu open
fri open




info
shipping & returns
privacy policy
terms & conditions
social
facebook
twitter
u tube
google +
pinterest





 powered by: emil vicale consulting | copyright: toybuilders




















