










overland africa, africa tours, adventure tours























































overland africa

home


tours


adventure camping toursadventure accommodated tourssmall group safarisshort safaris & trekscity breaks & short staystailor-made travelsignature tours & safaris tours on special
search all tours
my wishlist 




countries


south africalesothoswaziland (eswatini)namibiabotswanazimbabwemozambiquezambiamalawitanzaniakenyauganda 




travel info


travel advisory
living like a local
blog
news
before you go





about


about acacia africa
meet the team
responsible tourism
10 reasons to travel with us
guest reviews
value plus discounts
acacia africa accreditation



contact
























where to

where to?

                south africa                

                lesotho                

                swaziland (eswatini)                

                namibia                

                botswana                

                zimbabwe                

                mozambique                

                zambia                

                malawi                

                tanzania                

                kenya                

                uganda                



search



search






embrace once in a lifetime encounters on our adventure accommodated tours

elephant sands, botswana












tours on sale
for a limited time save up to 15% off the normal tour price on selected adventure camping tours & up to 10% off the normal tour price on selected adventure accommodated tours & small group safaris. terms & conditions apply

view deals






book with confidence
acacia africa is financially bonded to ensure your money is 100% protected.
why is financial bonding important?
with so much added uncertainty in the world it is now more important than ever to safeguard your hard-earned money. booking with a well established and financially bonded tour operator like acacia provides you with security and peace of mind. your dream holiday will operate to the highest standards with your payments to acacia protected in the event of financial failure, no matter where in the world you are from. 
we are a member of abta with membership number w4093. we follow abta’s code of conduct to provide a high standard of service to you. for more information about this and the benefits of abta’s adr go to www.abta.com








experience adventure tours at their wildest






                acacia operates a variety of tours across africa from
                multi-country small group adventure tours and small
                group explorer safaris to city stays and adventure
                activity breaks. our in-depth knowledge of destinations,
                local cultures, and the environment make our tours exciting,
                while still being affordable.
            

                from the plains of the serengeti or the
                iconic river nile to thundering victoria
                falls and picturesque cape town, we at acacia
                firmly believe there is nothing quite as fulfilling as a
                journey through africa.
            
find your perfect tour
















tours on special





browse tours



news from the blog




10 reasons to travel with acacia





about acacia




find us on youtube



request a catalogue







adventure camping tours




if you like to travel in a small group (maximum 18), with friendly like-minded people, believe the journey is as important as the places you visit, don’t mind roughing it a little, then adventure camping tours is for you.
find out more




adventure accommodated tours




our small group adventure accommodated tours offer the option to pre-book your bed on our routes so you know you'll be sleeping in comfort while on safari, or book a fully accommodated tour on our small group safaris. check out our accommodated tour style for more! 
find out more




small group safaris




if you like being part of a smaller pack then our small group safaris are for you. using smaller vehicles, and travelling on shorter more comprehensive routes, our small group tours are ideal for single travellers and families too. 
find out more




short safaris & treks




designed to be more country and activity specific, acacia's short safaris & treks are ideal if you've got limited time, want to upgrade your accommodation from budget to lodge, or only want to focus on a specific activity or adventure. 
find out more




city breaks & short stays




our city breaks & short stays are ideal if you want freedom to explore and are a perfect add-on to your longer overland safari and allow you to see the sights of the city before heading off. 
find out more




tailor-made travel




our tailor-made tours cater to those who wish to plan on their own time, and suits those who would like to hire a car and drive themselves, or need a little more luxury in their travel arrangements. enjoy train trips, river cruises and private game reserves in this tour option.
find out more




signature tours & safaris




if you're looking for a carefully crafted tour to highlight the best of southern africa then have a look at the short duration signature tours & safaris. family friendly, accommodated & expertly led, these tours include a variety of southern african highlights & activities.
find out more










acacia were absolutely fantastic on our 9 day tour. our guide krispen and our driver francis were top notch. great food, lovely group, fantastic price. if you are looking into a trip around africa i would highly recommend using acacia.







kye t08 july 2023




i approached acacia, london with a view to get a bespoke tour of kenya at the higher end of the price range.

from beginning to end i met nothing but valuable help, courtesy and efficiency. british airways aside, all went perfectly and i cannot recommend acacia too highly.







skbrussels01 february 2023




i can't even describe how special and amazing this tour was. pete and francis (our guides) are truly what made the trip so amazing. they were both so kind, thoughtful and caring. it felt like a family away from home. 

yes, the tour itself was extraordinary. the sites, sounds, tastes etc. amazing. however, it is the people that make this tour and these people will always mean. the world to myself and my husband. 

if you go on this tour request these guides! you won't regret it!







christine e21 february 2023




absolutely wonderful. i would recommend acacia for anyone wanting to travel to where they serve. we’ve done quite a few tours in different countries and this was one of the best ones we experienced.







vincent c10 september 2022




62 day trip of a lifetime! this is a tremendous experience for the adventurous traveler; if you have an open mindset about meeting new people, enjoy hiking and the outdoors, and don't mind an occasionally rough ride, this is an incredible trip and well worth your time. 







eric25 october 2020




stunning landscapes and amazing wildlife! 
enjoyed watching the ever changing jawdropping landscapes and amazing wildlife with almost 360 views from your seat ... i loved it. elisabeth travelled on the cape town to kenya tour that departed on the 28th december 2019. you can read her review in the link below. 







eromaych14 february 2020




an amazing way to see namibia! having local guides really made the experience and they gave you heaps of tips/recommendations. the truck made it easy to camp in awesome places and it was just an all round, incredible trip! brianna travelled on the cape desert safari - 11 day tour starting from cape town, ending in windhoek. 







brianna_9828 december 2019




best trip of my live! 
thank you so much for the best trip ever acacia. everything was perfect and so authentic sleeping in tents and being able to contribute so you weren’t just a guest on tour - that made it feel like your tour. the guides and drivers are so nice and friendly and the sites we visited along the way were incredible. sitting around the fire every night and looking at the stars and hearing stories from the guides and the other participants on the trip makes everything so personal. 
i can highly recommend acacia to everyone and i hope to be able to join a trip again some other time.
josephine travelled on the desert tracker - 19day. read the full review in the below link. 







josephineolejas11 december 2019




i recently completed the 41 day cape town to cape town tour and i loved every minute of it! africa has been on my bucket list for a long time and this experience did not disappoint.

the tour itself was a fantastic way to really sink your teeth in and explore as much of the southern part of africa as possible, taking you through spectacular landscapes, incredible animal sightings and unique cultures.

read more about aussies epic adenture by clicking the tour review link below. 







aussiestardust11 october 2019




my husband and i are in our early 30s and joined acacia africa in february in nairobi for the ‘28 days overland experience’... 
i went overlanding in africa fully expecting to be on ‘africa time’ – but we were very rarely delayed and managed to have time to do all of the activities we had picked this trip to do... 
our guides stopped along the way to buy local produce from people selling on the road which we fully supported and felt we were properly supporting the local population during the trip. it was a very cost-efficient trip leaving lots of cash over for the activities...
the wildlife encounters on the trip were phenomenal – we spent the whole time thinking we were on a david attenborough show! this trip truly shows africa at its very best.







jkerr2uk18 september 2019




i just finished the 58-day nairobi to cape town ultimate african overlander, camping the whole way down, and it was the greatest experience of my life...
our tour leader pete and driver francis were some of the nicest and funniest guys i had the pleasure of travelling with - and fantastic cooks! - as were justin and ali after our change of leadership in livingstone. they offered a wealth of information at any time requested, and went a long way in making the tour even more incredible... 
i could never put in words just how fantastic this tour is, so suffice to say that if you’re looking for a change from your day-to-day life, if you somehow managed to get 2 months off work to travel, if you’re willing to let go of luxury and embrace simplicity, then don’t even hesitate about it and go for it!








elodie c21 september 2019




i booked a 3 week tour with acacia africa from kruger to cape town & loved every minute! 
the guides are passionate, fun and full of information. 
the campsites are all diverse and great places to stay. 
the food surpassed my expectations and the activities (both included and optional extras) are fantastic! 
i will definitely book again!







tanyaghandour31 august 2019




this is the only way to properly travel in africa! the guides have done the routes so many times that they have so much local knowledge you can interact with. hats off to our driver sam who drove us the whole way with some very long stints! 
my 41 day tour was fabulous and i wish i could have stayed for longer!







feecragg9626 august 2019




amazing! the tour was good, crew was good, food was good, truck was good, and the group was amazing. definitely would recommend!







lucspetgens19 august 2019




wow, amazing time with the local tour leaders, drivers and the international group of people! the information was great and the places we visited were very beautiful!







patrick boersma28 july 2019




amazing experience! we travelled with acacia for 12 days; from livingstone in zambia, through botswana and to swakopmund in namibia. it was a great trip, amazing adventures & memories for life. the guide and driver was local, telling stories about life in africa, and those are the things that you really remember. travelling to africa for the first time, it was a great way to combine nature, culture and the different aspects of three countries. will definitely recommend this tour if you enjoy outdoor- life and are not afraid to sleep in a tent, sometimes with elephants walking around and the sound of a hippo close by. fantastic experience in an amazing continent.







mari h24 july 2019




highlights of tanzania 2019! i highly recommend booking an african tour through acacia africa. as a young, solo, female traveler i felt comfortable and safe the entire trip. our lead guide moyenda is an asset to the acacia team, he is kind, knowledgeable, patient and funny. our drivers gledman and clement were also incredibly kind and funny. the accommodated hotels were fantastic and the campsites were also very nice. i booked the camping option for the trip but was able to upgrade to a hotel room for a very reasonable price at each stop if i wanted (except the serengeti and ngorongoro crater, obviously). zanzibar and kendwa beach were spectacular and almost all of the excursions were fantastic. i’ve made so many friends on this trip and am so grateful for acacia and their africa expertise :)







keirsten w18 june 2019




a trip to africa with acacia was an unforgettable adventure of a lifetime! i have been to africa before and i travelled to southern africa in 2015, and as the saying goes - once you go to africa you never go just once. 

i went on this particular tour to tick off all the gems of east africa in one go and the 36 days rivers, lakes and mountains camping tour was unlike any other trip i had done before. i was apprehensive to say the least. 

however - it surpassed all expectations i had of a camping trip. the guides were so patient and helpful getting us set up and feeling comfortable. the tents are simple to assemble, that even an inexperienced camper will feel like a certified explorer in no time. read more about karlie's 36-day rivers, lakes and mountains tour review by clicking the link below. 







karlie b12 june 2019




the best trip i had to date!
i would highly recommend acacia africa to everyone, in fact i have told several people about my trip as they were amazed by my posts online and wanted to book themselves. i was a solo traveler and opted to not camp and have accommodation throughout. if you enjoy camping this is a perfect trip for you as some of the places we stayed were amazing. for those who do accommodated it was brilliant out of all the places we stayed i wasn’t happy with two and that was only because we had been spoilt elsewhere. great value for money all round. i met so many amazing people and would deffinitely do more trips with acacia. read maxine b full review by clicking the link below. 







maxine b13 may 2019




an excellent trip through namibia! i recently took the desert explorer adventure. it's been an excellent experience, as it covered all highlights along the well-organized tour. the itinerary allowed enough time at every important stage but always kept it interesting. the insights of the tour guide and the friendly atmosphere along the fellow travellers even made the long bus drives interesting! i will definitely travel with acacia again.







trial2432296219908 april 2019




luck was on our side! brilliant locations, excellent food, beautiful people and a great deal of fun. our tour leader and driver made us feel we were on a trip with friends and family.







radaman131 january 2019




would recommend for anyone! i had a great time travelling with acacia and would recommend it to everyone. eva and joe were amazing guides and stretch (dom) was an absolute legend of a driver.







discover4510088277528 february 2019




made my trip worthwhile! doing a tour with acacia to kruger national park and victoria falls was by far the highlight of my trip. our group leader joe was fantastic and i'm amazed at how many great experiences we managed to fit into just one week. would highly recommend booking a tour with acacia. 







global087943911333723 february 2019




amazing experience! i had a great time with acacia travelling around eastern africa. the layout of the trip and the smoothness to which it ran was amazing. the overland truck and its onboard facilities were of high standards and made the trip extremely comfortable and enjoyable. our trip leader and driver were the best in the business - they were both very accommodating, friendly and knowledgeable people who made our trip the best it could be. would recommend to anyone who wants to visit africa.







cruiser5565121569522 february 2019




would do it again! loved everything. the food that eva and crispy served was divine every night! the campsites had amazing views. it's important to keep in mind to get places you have to ride on the truck - so you're on the road a lot but it's part of the experience. definitely worth the money and would do a longer tour next time! we were very fortunate to have a cool diverse group of 13 mostly in the 20's so we all got along really well. thanks acacia!








karise b15 february 2019




amazing! i had the most incredible time overland trucking with acacia africa. the tents are easy if you aren’t accommodated, the food cooked by our wonderful tour leader joe was phenomenal and our driver phillip was just the funniest guy ever. i did a 34-day tour from zanzibar to livingstone, which i loved. there are lots of great activities to do along the way, and while you do spend some long periods on the truck there are two tables and you’re able to do lots with those you travel with such as cards, chess, games. there’s also a speaker on the truck that we were all able to listen to music here and there on. i never minded the long trips, and it was great meeting so many wonderful people along the way whom i will miss dearly. there is an age limit as well which i liked, being young i wanted to be with others who were also “younger” as well. each group i travelled with had a range of 19-39 and we all got along so well. i personally highly recommend travelling with acacia africa if you’re looking for a tour to go with.







 trail58510305 february 2019




brilliant experience with various optional extras and experiences. we got to see the big five within a week of the adventure and everything there on was a blessing!







tasha r21 january 2019




best holiday! the best guide and chef, a perfect organised trip full of adventures, unique places visited- close to animals during the safari, fabulous spitzkoppe with the most beautiful sunset, breathtaking canyon, famous dunes and deadsvlei. love namibia thanks to acacia.









sisk131216 january 2019




i just got back from the desert and delta express northbound (12-day) route and i am happy with the tour overall. i enjoyed the camping and the tents and campsites were all good. you also could upgrade at most places if you ever needed. breakfast/lunch was very basic and got a bit redundant (cereal/toast/sandwiches), but dinners were delicious usually something grilled at the campsite! we did make plenty of stops to restock on water and snacks. this was a participation tour, and we all rotated jobs between packing the truck, cleaning the truck, washing up, and cooking. i liked pitching in, but of course you have those that don't. keep in mind this is an overland tour so you will have long days in the truck (with no a/c), and you just have the bare minimums! we did a lot of game drives and saw plenty of animals!...







courtyard4426 november 2018




we've been in 2 months overland trough africa; started from nairobi, went trough uganda, from east to west and than all the way down to cape town. it's been amazin, even because our crew (pete & francis highly reccomended).







pietro14 november 2018




this was an amazing experience, exploring botswana with a great group of 10 people for 7 days. we had some fantastic moments, watching the elephants cross the river in chobe, seeing the milky way and the planets in the crystal clear okavango night sky, watching the giraffes in the khama rhino sanctuary, seeing bush babys scamper down the trees at one of the lodges, doing the flight over the okvango delta, playing volleyball with the group at maun, and much more. there was a lot of driving, some of it on pretty bumpy roads, and some of the accommodation is pretty basic, but its all worth it for the amazing things you see the brilliant people you meet and the memories you make. also the bus was actually very spacious and air conditioned, and our guides simon and servius were very knowledgeable, incredible helpful and professional, both of which helped enormously to make the experience so good.







stuart14 october 2018




it was my first tour with acacia, but maybe not the last one. i did the tour from livingstone to swakopmund and really liked the set of the tour: it was a combination of a lot of different experiences: vic falls, safaris, okavango delta and then the desert in namibia. our driver and guide were both very professional, enthusiastic, but also funny and we all had a great time. i can highly recommend it!







theresa02 october 2018




i did this trip as a solo female traveller as part of a 18-39 tour. my group size varied from 10 to 19 people, and consisted of a great mix of ages, nationalities, and travel experience. i did the tour as a camper, and so i was in a tent most nights - the tents provided are sturdy and well suited to the climate, and all of the campsites were very good, most of them having hot showers, electricity, and basic wifi. the acacia bus was secure, comfortable, and well equipped. all of my guides and drivers were absolutely lovely people, who obviously love their jobs and are passionate about everything that africa has to offer. all in all, i will certainly be using acacia again!







alice m11 september 2018




if you have any hesitation, just book it. it's great value for your money, and if your trip is anything like ours, you'll see incredible things, spend time with wonderful people, and learn lots from some of the best guides your could ever ask for. special shout out to jack (moyenda) and masai (paul) our guides from cape town to livingstone, who made living in tents and riding a big truck with 22 people some of the best times we've had. don't worry about it being a participation tour--that really just means you'll help pack up the chairs from around the campfire, might cut up some vegetables, and will take a few turns cleaning some of the cookware. if you're not uniquely lazy, you'll probably even enjoy the few assigned tasks which help bond the group--especially the dance of the dishes. 

a few tips: pack light (you don't need that many sets of clothes), bring warm clothes for the chilly nights if you're there in winter (the right clothes and a good blanket make all the difference), buy yourself a good pillow when you arrive (you can donate it at the end), plan to do some of the optional activities (almost all of them were worth it), and keep in mind that you'll see some incredible places that you'll certainly feel the need to come back to for a longer stay. also, the food is incredible, so don't worry about that. plus, the toilets, showers, and wifi were generally clean, hot, and working adequately where that was advertised.







lisa j14 september 2018




i just travelled through east africa with acacia adventures and it’s been one of the best trips of my life. the guides throughout the trip were fantastic, being both hospitable and knowledgeable. the truck was spacious and comfortable and the lockers at the back for our bags were super convenient. the tents were easy to put up and pack up. the food was amazing! i never expected to put on weight on this trip but it definitely happened haha. i still can’t believe how sam and crispin managed to produce such amazing food while camping.
as far as the itinerary goes, we got to see all the hot spots with some unexpected additions. for those going to see the gorilla’s, the chimpanzee trekking was an addition that i didn’t expect to be a highlight, but it went so far above and beyond my expectations. it was one of the most moving experiences and i loved every moment i spent in the jungle with them. the accommodation in zanzibar was absolutely beautiful. i would definitely travel with acacia again, this trip was the best way to spend six weeks and africa was the adventure of a lifetime.







steph b24 august 2018




we visited nice places with really friendly people and guides. an adventure that we will never forget. i can really recommend travelling with acacia!







jelte3120 august 2018




in my opinion, acacia africa is the perfect way to see the spectacular splendour of africa. the trips combine a perfect combination of tourism and exposure to the real africa. the guides are extremely knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating. each days itinerary is very carefully explained the night before. the drivers keep your safety in mind at all time and double as excellent spotters of animals while on safari. while the accommodations are not luxurious, they are perfectly satisfactory and i loved supporting local businesses rather than chains. the food provided exceeded my expectations. it was delicious and there was always enough to have seconds. while traveling through africa itself can present unexpected challenges, traffic, bad roads, unexpected breakdowns, the team handled everything professionally and kept us happy and well cared for. it all just added to the experience. a special shout out to our guide liz njuguna whose energy and enthusiasm made our trip unforgettable. if you want a vacation, go to the caribbean. if you want an adventure go with acacia africa.








roldan l13 august 2018




i had a fantastic time on this accommodated cape desert safari tour which was perfectly organised. the accommodation was great and we also slept 2 nights in a tent, which was easy to put up. the truck we used was perfect for this kind of trip and well equipped with all the travelling necessities including a freezer.  our driver (khumbu) and guide (philile) were amazing, professional and shared a wealth of knowledge. the meals they prepared were outstanding! read the full review here.  









wernervanvlasselaer23 july 2018




i joined the kruger, swaziland and beach 7-day tour as a camping guest but only actually camped for 3 nights where we had excellent facilities. in swaziland, we were able to upgrade from camping to log cabin dorms for just r15 a night. on the final night we were in permanent tents with beds and linen.

all locations had excellent communal facilities.

there were lots of meals included and catered for vegetarians and gluten-free too. the food was very very good. jack was our guide and a fabulous guide and chef!

there were lots of included activities and everything was arranged perfectly.

compared with other tour operators, acacia was much cheaper but do not compromise on quality so highly recommended. it was also cheaper than doing this route independently too.







travelaholic00714 july 2018




i travelled on the desert tracker 19-day tour and it was my most memorable trip ever! my favourite part was the mokoro canoes in the okavango delta in botswana. 100% recommend acacia😊 remember to bring warm clothes and a solid sleeping bag if you’re camping, the temperature drops alot as soon as the sun goes down. 







embla v11 july 2018




i am not long back from the east african explorer 21 day tour and thought i would share my experience. overall, the tour was well organised and the guides ensured we felt safe at all times. the truck was well equipped and i was surprised at how comfortable the seats were - so comfortable i was able to sleep despite the 'african massages' along the way. some of the journeys on this trip are quite long but they are unavoidable if you want to see these parts of africa. anyway, the route was quite scenic and the guides provided info about the surrounding area along the way and we stopped every so often to stretch our legs. the main guide, sammy, also informed us when to stock up on snacks and drinks at the better supermarkets as a lot of the local shops were poorly supplied as you can imagine. most of the stops had some form of toilet however my group found that the bush toilets were generally cleaner (this is africa after all). the tents provided were pretty good and the mattresses were spot on too. i have to say, one of the things i was anxious about before going on the trip was the quality of the meals as catering for large groups often leads to small portions of massively overdone food but both sam and ali were great cooks and we always had plenty to eat. read more about rcrozier's east african explorer tour and find out about the highlights along the way by clicking on the link below. 







rcrozier28 june 2018




i travelled from livingstone to nairobi with acacia. the service provided was second to none. i was worried about travelling to africa due to safety but at no time did i feel unsafe. 
our tour leader and driver were very professional and offered a lot of information and went out of their way to help with anything we needed. 
the camp sites were all great. i loved there was an option to upgrade for a small fee in a lot of locations. the food was awesome and there was always plenty available. 
i would highly recommend acacia africa. i would definitely travel with them again.







jessicalpulver16 june 2018




9 days gorilla trekking - troop to the gorilla (ttg9)

this is my 2nd review for acacia africa as i decided to go back and do another tour as my first tour was life changing and they did not disappoint. 
i did a 9 day tour from kampala to jinja around uganda - the main reason was to see the gorillas at bwindi impenetrable forest.
the tour was run by masai and maja and they were incredible! they are both such lovely people and made the tour run smoothly and ensured we got the most out of our trip. i would highly recommend acacia africa for an incredible life changing experience. it is great value for money and you will honestly experience things that you will never forget.








tej_chau13 june 2018




amazing! 7 day camping inside national parks from vic falls to okavango delta



we heard the lions roar! the "7 day best of botswana" tour had us camping inside the national parks. no fences! inside our tents with elephants roaming around outside... and lions. when a lion roars at night you wake up - instantly. they can be heard up to 8kms. one night after the elephants had passed us by maybe 100 meters from our tents i started to hear a male lion's deep roar... that kept getting closer... i must have dozed off till a hugely loud roar seemed just meters away. later roars told it was moving away. we jumped up early into our landcruiser and quickly found the lion tracks as close as 300 meters from our camp. 
if a close-up adventure with the animals is what you are after there is nothing i can recommend better than camping right along with them.
it has an expert driver/guide (morgan) and a chef (noga). all we had to do was put our tents up and they did the rest, from feeding to educating us.
we had 7 on our trip which is just about full so there's not a whole gaggle of tourists but a small group of really interesting people.
my memories of sleepless nights under the stars with wild animals so close to camp will remain with me the rest of my life. at any price, a lifetime memory is worth it... that this safari is one of the 







ausiemark111 june 2018




our guide colin was hands down the best guide i have ever had, there is honestly nothing he could have done better. our driver philip was also a great guy with the biggest laugh. 







emmalou01 march 2018




our driver lawrence was absolutely amazing and took care of all our needs and wants!







daviescolley05 january 2018




we started our tour in cape town then headed towards cederberg and all the way up to swakopmund. our tour guide, pete, was incredible and our driver ben was awesome too!! they were both so inviting and fun.  we were unsure what to expect with the food as well but we were pleasantly surprised with how good it was and well portioned. i highly recommend this company and this tour. i wouldn't go with anyone else after my amazing experience i had.







shelby w14 july 2017




i just finished a tour with acacia (african insight - nai7) to zimbabwe and zambia. the guides justin and khumbu did an excellent job. the food was outstanding and better than a 5 stars restaurant. very yummy!!!! overall, a great experience camping.







beautyking201727 june 2017




i hopped onto the kruger to durban 7 days (ksb7) tour (also part of kruger to capetown 19 days). the tour guides were lovely and they cooked the best food! i did not find this tour expensive and if you want to travel around for a good price with a group, i can certainly recommend this tour. there was a fair bit of driving, however there were plenty stops too. the table in the truck was great to play cards and kill some time on the long drive days. i highly recommend acacia and would use them again.







molly t02 june 2017




our group of 3 women traveled with acacia africa in august 2016 on their small group safari, southern african magic accommodated. we cannot say enough good things about our tour. our tour leader, lawrence, was attentive, knowledgeable, and had a good command of the english language. our safety was his main concern and we were thankful for that. our tour group consisted of 12 travelers, ranging in age from 25 to 67 and women outnumbering men 9 to 3. we found all accommodation on the tour to be comfortable with some lodges even having pools. the food served at the lodges was delicious and plentiful and gave us the opportunity to sample some local cuisine. thank you for selecting lodges with local colour and flair. it brought us closer to the african people. our itinerary included the main game parks and tourist sights in south africa, zimbabwe and botswana. yes, there were long days on the road but it gave us an opportunity to get to know our fellow travelers better. read more about hsterghi's adventure on the south african magic tour on trip advisor. 












hsterghi03 february 2017




i did the 43 day trip from kenya to cape town and it was the best thing i have ever done! the trip covered so many highlights which have made it hard to narrow it down to which ones were the best! the trip started off at the famous parks of the masai mara and the serengeti before making our way to the beaches of zanzibar and lake malawi. we then headed for livingstone to enjoy the adrenaline activities such as devil's pool and bungee before crossing over to botswana, the okavango delta and namibia, the namib desert, ending at the beautiful city of cape town. this is just a nutshell but there is a lot more activities involved at all the places. 
the thing that made this trip incredible was our tour guide rachel and truck driver sam - they are the perfect team and made this experience unforgettable. 
i would happily book another tour with acacia, it was very organised and completely blew my expectations out of the water. thank you for giving me the experience of a lifetime.







tej-chau30 january 2017




i have just come back from the 19 day south west safari from the vic falls (zambia) to cape town. this is a camping tour in an overland truck for 18 - 39-year-olds.


i thoroughly recommend this route if you don't have time to do the full circuit from uganda to cape town. we have seen so many different landscapes like the open plains in botswana to the sand dunes in the namib desert. i went to africa with no expectations for what animals i was going to see as i didn't want to be disappointed if i didn't see them... oh boy, was i impressed! we had seen over 100 elephants (botswana has the highest population in africa), countless zebra, giraffe, hippos, lion, 7 rhinos (people who had been on the tour since kenya hadn't even seen one yet), buffalo + so much more. the only animal we didn't see was a leopard, but they are really rare and remember this is the wild, no sighting is guaranteed!


our driver sam and tour guide rachel are both two of the nicest people i've ever met, both from kenya. they were so informative, like two books of knowledge about everywhere our tour went and the countries we visited. rachel is a fabulous cook, it was like eating at a fine-dining restaurant every night. they were the best guide's i've ever had, out of all the tours i've been on over the world.


overall - we are going back to africa next year to do east africa and i wouldn't even consider a different tour company to acacia for a second.  read more about katy's response on trip advisor about the tour pricing and tips. 











katy p30 january 2017




i just came back from a 7-day small groups accommodated tour from johannesburg to vic falls with acacia africa. this was one of my best travel experiences ever! the itinerary was great as it allows you to see all the main highlights along the route. we were able to see four out of the big five - just because leopards are very difficult to spot during the day. we stayed in very nice places and the lodges/guesthouses/hotels were nice and clean. our tour guide, lawrence, was incredible - with a great sense of humor and he made sure everybody's interests were met. he was fantastic at creating a true family spirit within the group despite that the composition of the group was changing along the way. all local tours in the national parks were amazing as he provided lots of information along the way, even taking us as close as possible to the animals. at some point, we were as close as 5 meters to white rhinos. oh, and the food was amazing! i didn't expect steaks, nice big salads etc. included in the package. if i ever decide to take another tour in africa, acacia will be my go-to company. well done! i will definitely recommend this to other travelers.









liza b09 january 2017




“best tour ever!”

i did a 14-day overland from vic falls to johannesburg including mozambique and it was the best two weeks i have ever spent! we saw all the attractions you could ever want to see and had plenty of time to do our own exploring if we wanted to. there were also plenty of opportunities to do our own activities and have as much fun as we could. 
the camping facilities were amazing! tents and food were provided including a cooked breakfast every morning and dinners to die for. 
our tour leader shingi was the most enthusiastic person i have ever met and is really knowledgeable, helpful and flexible. (we love you, mama). our driver jairos was equally lovely and drove our truck amazingly on the bumpy roads of africa. 
i would definitely recommend this tour for 18-39-year-olds and is a must do adventure.








weesiepe04 january 2017




we are a german family with 3 teenagers and had a wonderful tour through south africa, zimbabwe and botswana. 

acacia has put together a very exciting trip through these three countries, visiting kruger np, victoria falls, chobe np and okavango delta. we were travelling with a small group of german, english and italian people, all very nice.

we had the perfect tour guide, simon, who was always very supportive, calm and reliable in all situations. a big, big thank you to simon.

the lodges were clean and comfortable, we enjoyed the african style and friendly people.

we booked the tour via the agency african budget safaris, which also was very good, providing all information about the tours. especially the agent claire monson helped us a lot, a big thank you.

we really recommend this tour, if you are looking for an adventure trip for the whole family without driving on your own. the national parks were amazing, we never saw so many wild animals so close in nature, the rangers were very skilled and explained all details. 







stefan m01 september 2016




i just finished the overland camping trip from cape town to victoria falls/livingstone. amazing!! the guide and driver - yo big sam! - were great, nothing was too much trouble and they really worked hard to make sure we all had an incredible time. the itinerary was perfect, we got to see and do so many amazing things - the okavango delta, dune 45, sandboarding, skydiving, chobe national park, vic falls... i could name so much more! and the campsites were incredible, think watching shooting stars on a huge rock in the middle of nowhere, or camping literally next to a elephant watering hole with no fences around you! if you have doubts about camping please don't - the mattresses were a lot more comfy than i expected, the tents were huge and i had hot showers most of the time! and the food. i definitely put on a few kgs. overall it was an incredible experience with an amazing group of people that i wouldn't hesitate to recommend! thanks acacia!









lucy34_1223 july 2016




the highlight of our tour to victoria falls was our excellent guide simon. he really went above and beyond to keep us happy and safe. simon's enthusiasm is infectious, he is extremely knowledgeable and passionate about show what southern africa has to offer. we had an unavoidable change of itinerary due to the political situation in zimbabwe and simon was able to keep us well informed and make alternate arrangements. 
the tour itself was a great way for us to see kruger, botswana and victoria falls. there are some long days driving but the spectacular views of victoria falls are worth it. 
the accommodation is adequate, with the first 2 nights at nsele lodge a highlight. the host are very welcoming and the food amazing. 
we would recommend acacia africa to anyone looking for a guided tour in africa.







david r08 july 2016




from vic falls to joburg - camping all the way. so much fun and what an experience. great guide! beautiful places to visit. highlight was elephant sands!!







lori2602 june 2016




the whole trip was spectacular from the border crossings to the safaris in the truck every bit of it was cultural and enjoyable. the scenery is something from a story book, from lush rainforests to salt lakes and sand dunes it's incredible that you get to see so much in one continent.







alex m06 april 2016




as a solo woman traveler i would totally recommend booking with this company! you get to meet a lot of people on the truck and the tour guide makes everything so much easier and pleasant.







andreaperezdeacha26 april 2016




fantastic tour from joburg to victoria falls. very knowledgeable guide who gave great facts without personal opinion. fantastic value also.







dean r13 may 2016




i can't pick my favourite moment - sleeping under the stars at spitzkoppe, skydive in swakopmund, swarms of elephants in chobe, rafting on the zambezi, bushman walk in the kalahari, scenic flight over the okavango delta. 
these incredible experiences will stay with me for the rest of my life.







k m03 april 2016








follow @acaciaafrica on instagram

 







tel+27 21 556 1157 (south africa)+44 20 7706 4700 (uk)


emailinfo@acacia-africa.com










                the pricing on this website is the latest pricing and supersedes any pricing published in brochures, leaflets or any other advertised price.

                for the latest travel advice from the foreign office including security and local laws, plus passport and visa information, see www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice

booking terms & conditions








newsletter





 








agents


client


links




    © 2025 acacia adventure holidays limited, first floor, 135 notting hill gate, london, w11 3lb, united kingdom, company no. 3804375


acacia data policy


 website by wildweb






















