









welcome | apgrd















skip to main content
1 home
3 site map
4 search
6 help
0 access keys










 

 





visit us
mailing list
contact us
 

 






about
collections
events
digital resources
learning



 


 
















  



  



  



  





 

 
 







research
preserve
create 




 

 



welcome



the archive of performances of greek and roman drama (the apgrd) is a research project based in the classics faculty at the university of oxford. it investigates the performance of ancient texts from greek tragedy to roman epic, in any medium and any period, from stage to screen, from antiquity to the present day.
a world-renowned international research centre, the apgrd has been at the forefront of classical reception studies for over twenty years and is a pioneer in classical performance reception - see details of our publications here.
for more information visit the about us section; or to explore our archives and production databases go to research collections. 











 



apgrd news

newsletter 33 - october 2024 
latest news from the apgrd can be found in our autumn newsletter! catch up on past and future events and the appointment of our new director of the apgrd and associate professor of classical reception, pantelis michelakis, who joins us following the retirement of professor fiona macintosh, after almost 25 years with the apgrd. we welcome new members of the advisory board, look back on the previous year's collaborations and events, and look foward to the upcoming publications and events this term.
 

	 
dat @ apgrd
we are delighted to announce that we have begun phase one of our new digital ancient theatre project, dat @ apgrd. we are developing an online search interface to locate audio-visual recordings of performances inspired by the ancient greek and roman dramas and epics – collating information about recordings from our own extensive audio-visual collections, as well as those held by external archives, repositories, theatre companies, and online streaming services. read more>
 
 
 
tell us about productions!
in a bid to improve the scope of our productions database we have created an online portal for anyone to submit information about performances inspired by greek and roman sources - any country, any time period, any medium (films and tv, stage or radio plays, ballets or operas etc). if you can help us, please visit our online submissions form >> 
 
  

 





   






 
 






upcoming public events
everyone welcome 


 17 
 feb 
 the rescheduled antigone / die verschobene antigone (1978) screening 
 arshya bommaraju, carrie thomas 
 5.00pm  

 24 
 feb 
 fellini satyricon (1969) screening  
 joanna paul (open university) 
 7.00pm  

 21 
 mar 
 colloquium on aeschylus' agamemnon 
  
 1.30pm  


see more... 
 

 
 





















 

 






 





site map
accessibility
privacy policy and cookies
about this site
all content © apgrd 1996 - present



 
 
 




