



index.html















































































































































shadow releases 'miss america' video


play video: read story







'miss america' video:
              'kerouac meets lou reed...'
read story

 * * *
'the banks are bandits now' -- new song
read story
shadow's blog on:
wordpress
shadow on:
twitter

 


'king
          kong serenade' - the cult cd free, mp3








— the daily freeman:


"shadow is a true rock poet, in
                    the tradition of nick cave, dylan and tom waits..." read
                      reviews


— the berkshire eagle:


"an original storyteller… not since lou reed…have
                    images of new york…been so aptly paired…like reed, shadow
                    has the poet’s gift…"


songs
                    at itunes only 99¢


— splendidezine.com:


"shadow fills his descriptions with
                    dark and dreamy, psychedelic-tinged images that recall songs like
                    dylan's 'mr. tambourine man,'
                    eric anderson's 'violets of dawn' and donovan's 'sunny
                    goodge street.' the quintessential example is 'sugar
                    street,' in which the listener finds himself swirling weightlessly
                    from great line to great line."


— seth rogovoy, wamc:


"‘king kong serenade’ really reminds me of early
                    lou reed, jim carroll and bruce springsteen."


— chronogram:


"shadow walks the same new york streets as lou reed before
                    him, another bard of the underbelly of gotham, creating verbal
                    mosaics out of urban decay."


— australian
                    roots:


"urban grunge that is a captivating
                    mix of garland jefferies, lou read, patti smith and tom verlaine
                    from his 70's television days…the lyrics sound great and
                    conjure up rich mindscape images…this is the sort of energy
                    that patti smith generated on her classic 'horses' album.
                    love it!"


— emergentmusic.com:


"powerful new york city rock poetry."


— blah3.com:


"here's a novel idea - music with an emphasis
                on the lyrics. allen shadow is a poet that uses music to get the
                point across, not a musician that fills the space with words. there's
                a crucial difference."


 


 







— all-reviews.com:


"allen shadow gives a classic performance
                that will surely raise some eyebrows in the entertainment sector." read
                  reviews


— ny rock:


"the disc smokes and burns like steam coming out of a manhole
                cover, gritty and authentic, and fans of new york and artists like
                reed, jim carroll, etc. will find this a must-have addition to
                their music collection."


— music-reviewer.com:


"shadow is an extremely capable songwriter;
                his words speak, and his music rocks with authority. tracks like
                'downtown,' 'crossroads
                of america,' 'hopper's town,' and 'you, coney
                island' are as authentic  word pictures as many of lou reed's
                best works."


— roots town magazine:


"‘king kong serenade’ is
                a fascinating album on new york’s dark side…the title
                song is just about perfect…sugar street is yet another
                beautiful black song…everyone who loves lou reed and nick
                cave will definitely appreciate this album.


— metroland:


"enough gritty lyricism and clanging
                guitar parts to make lou reed proud…there's no stopping allen
                shadow."


— billy collins, u.s. poet laureate:


"engaging!"


— yahoo.com:


"there are some amazing tunes...'downtown'
                seems like a rock epic; 'crossroads of america' matches
                the red, white, and blue poetry of tom petty with the heartland
                feeling
                of john mellencamp; and 'hopper's town' is a tense, urban
                history book. allen shadow has true talent when it comes to songwriting."


— digmansworld.com:


"whatever your musical taste might be, shadow
                sings with a new dimension of coloratura vocal paint that forces
                you the listener...to visually listen!"


— tradebit.com:


"gamy and literate with herculean imagery in the rock-poet genre.


 


 








web site design: electricstage studios: webmaster
© 2013 blue city records

 




