










team jesus ministries | faithful in sharing him









 








 



home
 

contact



 



 











home
ministries
itinerary
merchandise
testimonials 
contact






















 
 



how to be wise in
                      god's eyes - the book (and now dvd)!





 
 


 

the book "how to be wise in god's eyes" authored by terry chupp, published in september, 2011 is now available for purchase. it is the soul-winning strategy as well as terry's life story. learn more about this exciting new book and dvd/bundle offer, now!
to order your copy,
                  call 404-861-4839
























 




welcome to team jesus ministries
                  this is the official website for team jesus ministries. we would 
                  like to thank you for visiting. team jesus ministries came online 
                  november 19th, 1999 as an extension of the outreach of evangelist, 
                  terry chupp.
                  team jesus ministries is a nonprofit jesus christ honoring ministry designed to use fishing, hunting, and other recreational activities to give the opportunity for evangelism.
learn more about the various outreach ministries of team jesus ministries, and stay current with the various events and tournaments of the ministry. please contact terry if you would like to take advantage of the many outreach ministries of team jesus ministries.
again, thanks for visiting and may god bless you!


 


 



order tjm promotional materials
if terry is going to be speaking in  your church or organization, leading a training session of how to be wise in god's eyes, or conducting a fishing for men crusade, you can pre-order custom printed promotional materials to place around to promote the event.
                  
ordering customized promotional materials (brochures, 11x17 posters, and door hangers) for your upcoming event is simple. please contact our supplier, hd concepts attn: susan durand at:

sdurand@hdconceptsinc.com
                    423-790-7822 

 

partner with tjm
team jesus ministries is supported in large part on the generous love offerings and gifts from you! please consider partnering with terry. use the safe, easy, secure form below to choose your gift amount and frequency and then click the donate now button.














enter your donation amount here:







would you like this to be a one-time or monthly, recurring gift?




one-time
monthly




if this is a recurring gift, please choose how many times would you like this gift to recur.




one-time
never ending
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12











 


 


prayer time with terry chupp
listen in to this radio broadcast of terry chupp as he talks to on-air personality mike wofford at glory 1330, wgtj radio. click the play button in the player below to listen in!












listen online to the archive of past episodes of prayer time.
									






 


 



 







  home  |  ministries  |  crusade  |  merchandise  |  fresh catches  |  contact  



team jesus ministries | p.o. box 974, grayson, georgia 30017-0974 | (404) 861-4839
      copyright â© 2007-2011 team jesus ministries, all rights reserved
      site design by: { netmongrel, llc } 









