





law offices of andrew rockford – a professional corporation































skip to content


law offices of andrew rockford

				a professional corporation			




			menu			+
×
expanded
collapsed

home
practice areas
about andrew rockford
jury verdicts
contact us
 






home



law offices of andrew rockford
a professional corporation
about us






welcome!
the law offices of andrew rockford is located abiline, texas in the cobb park area, in the heart of abiline.  we provide convenient access and service throughout abiline area and the taylor and jones counties.  
explore our services




practice areas
the primary emphasis is on trial practice and civil litigation. the firm has extensive experience in personal injury and property damage matters, including the following areas:

motor vehicle, including personal and commercial auto, taxi companies, common carriers and rental car companies
more…




our attorneys
andrew rockford is a member of the american board of trial advocates, the premier trial organization in the united states, founded in 1958. abota is an invitation-only organization. less than 1% of all practicing lawyers in texas are invited to join this elite group of trial lawyers. only the most qualified defense and plaintiff attorneys with courtroom experience are invited to join abota. 
more about us…



abilene is a city in taylor and jones counties in west texas, united states.








our verdicts

mcdaniel vs. ascuncion
case no. : 266577 
court : bakersfield 
judge : hon. william palmer
type of case : wrongful death/motor vehicle
result : defense verdict
more


our commitment
justice served…
there’s a reason why texas and federal laws protect your rights in a personal injury matter. if someone tries to take advantage of your situation after an accident, you know who to call :  andrew rockford.



dallas shout-out



if you are in the dallas metroplex and require the assistance of a debt collection lawyer or debt defense attorney then you won’t be better served than by reaching out to bristol & dubiel llp, serving clients since 1999.










law offices of andrew rockford,
proudly powered by wordpress.	footer








