






better banking with advancial | advancial federal credit union















































cookie notice



this website and its third-party tools use cookies for audience analytics and advertising. privacy policy.

accept
decline












expand
                            scam alert
                        


scam alert: scammers are impersonating advancial. never share your username or password information even if you believe you are dealing with an advancial representative. legitimate advancial representatives never need this information. if you are asked for this information it is a scam!




dismiss this alert






skip to content (custom)








contact us





rates





locations





open an account





apply for a loan





pay loan





routing #:
311078857
common file double streamline icon: https://streamlinehq.com


                    copied to clipboard
                




log in





toggle navigation (custom)












credit cards







credit cards



                                                        visa rewards plus
                                                    



                                                        dinero visa
                                                    



                                                        secured visa
                                                    








tools & resources



                                                        advancial rewards
                                                    



                                                        card controls
                                                    



                                                        card updater
                                                    



                                                        visa signature®
                                                    















card controls


                    take control of your card with card controls in cuanywhere® online banking and the advancial mobile app. easily lock or unlock your card, track spending with real-time transaction alerts, block specific types of purchases, set monthly spending limits and more!
                

learn more









checking







checking accounts



                                                        ultimate checking
                                                    



                                                        dinero checking
                                                    



                                                        inbound usa checking
                                                    








tools & resources



                                                        advanced direct deposit
                                                    



                                                        card controls
                                                    



                                                        save up & save up for good
                                                    















save in your sleep with save upsm


                    ultimate checking's save upsm rounds up your non-pin-based transactions to the nearest dollar and transfers the difference to your savings account. plus, advancial will contribute too!

it's like saving in your sleep.
                

learn more









savings







savings accounts



                                                        savings account
                                                    



                                                        money musketeers kids savings club
                                                    



                                                        dinero teens savings
                                                    








certificates & investments



                                                        savings certificates
                                                    



                                                        money market
                                                    



                                                        investment services
                                                    



                                                        iras
                                                    















money market


                    money market accounts offer the perfect balance of higher earnings and easy access to your funds. ideal for members who want to keep a sizable savings balance liquid and readily available, with no minimum withdrawal amount required!
                

learn more









loans







auto loans



                                                        new & used autos
                                                    



                                                        auto leasing
                                                    



                                                        classic cars
                                                    



                                                        leisure vehicles & boats
                                                    








personal loans



                                                        signature loans
                                                    



                                                        true line of credit
                                                    



                                                        secured loans
                                                    



                                                        student loans
                                                    








home loans



                                                        fixed-rate mortgages
                                                    



                                                        adjustable-rate mortgages
                                                    



                                                        jumbo mortgages
                                                    



                                                        home equity loans
                                                    















mortgages


                    we provide a variety of mortgage solutions tailored to meet your financial goals. whether you're a first-time homebuyer or looking to refinance, we have competitive options to suit your needs.
                

learn more









ways to bank







bank with us



                                                        cuanywhere® online banking
                                                    



                                                        advancial mobile app
                                                    



                                                        mobile wallets
                                                    



                                                        telephone banking
                                                    








services



                                                        advanced direct deposit
                                                    



                                                        notary services
                                                    



                                                        safe deposit boxes
                                                    



                                                        wire transfers
                                                    








solutions



                                                        youth & teen banking
                                                    



                                                        business banking
                                                    



                                                        mylo insurance solutions
                                                    



                                                        advancial @work
                                                    








tools & resources



                                                        knowledge center
                                                    



                                                        shared branch network
                                                    



                                                        allpoint atm network
                                                    



                                                        zelle®
                                                    





















search










ring in the new year with no balance transfer fees
celebrate 2025 with savings by transferring your credit card balances to visa® rewards plus with 0% intro apr and no balance transfer fee.

learn more
apply today




















featured rates





jumbo, 5 year term

4.09%
apy





certificates







rates as low as

5.86%
apr





auto loans







rates as low as

9.90%
apr





credit cards







rates as low as

6.61%
apr





mortgages










quick online access








cuanywhere® online banking









mortgage account access









my loan applications









one-time loan payment









banking designed for you










low-rate auto loans


                    whether you're on the market for a new or used car, or looking to refinance, we have the best rates and the right loan for you.
 

same rates for new, used, or refinance
finance up to 100% of vehicle's msrp
discounted rates when you sign up for automatic payments
fixed rates & payments
flexible terms



learn more











low-rate home equity loans


                    our home equity loans help turn your vision into reality by using the equity you've already built in your house— perfect for upgrades like a new kitchen, pool or patio. you can also use the loan to refinance high-interest debt, fund college or even plan a dream vacation!
 

flexible terms (3-15 years) for manageable monthly payments
fixed rates for predictable budgeting
lower interest rates than most consumer loans



learn more











money market


money market accounts offer the perfect balance of higher earnings and easy access to your funds. ideal for members who want to keep a sizable savings balance liquid and readily available, with no minimum withdrawal amount required!

no monthly service fee
higher dividend rates for higher balances
easily access your money



learn more
















                    how-to hub
                


                    a full library of step-by-step guides for using advancial's products, platforms, and services.
                

explore the how-to hub





news & knowledge center












what's the difference between a credit union and a bank?

when it comes to managing our money, the most common options are either credit unions or banks. banks and credit unions both offer the same products and services, and both are federally insured by their respective government agencies, but what’s the difference between the two, and which is the best fit for your financial needs?
january 10, 2023














ways to build credit

perhaps you had good credit in the past, but now you’re experiencing a much lower credit score due to life choices or circumstances. or, you may be building your credit for the first time. whatever the situation, you can rely on advancial to provide you with products that can help re-establish your payment history.
january 30, 2023














your guide to auto loans

buying a car requires a lot of time and research. on top of deciding on the model and features you want, finding the right financing options can seem overwhelming. that’s why we’ve created this guide to help you navigate the process of financing your next set of wheels.
september 01, 2023














safeguard your finances when shopping online

what’s not to love about shopping online? after browsing and a couple of clicks, merchandise is delivered to your door. along with ease and convenience, online shopping can offer plenty of opportunities for thieves and scammers to steal your financial information.
october 10, 2023








            after the 12-month intro period, your apr will be 9.90%-16.90% based on creditworthiness. apr=annual percentage rate.
        

0% credit card balance transfer terms and conditions: introductory balance transfer offer must be used within the first 12 months after account opening and is available for a single balance transfer request. multiple balances from other non-advancial federal credit union accounts may be combined into a single 0% balance transfer request, but the balance transfers must be requested at the same time. if you do not pay off a 0% balance transfer balance within twelve months of the transfer, the remaining balance will then be subject to the standard rate. balance transfers performed after the initial introductory offer will incur the same apr as the account and will incur a 3% balance transfer fee, unless otherwise stated in a separate promotional offer.
        















fraud & security





careers





faqs





locations













advancial federal credit union
10000 n. central expy.
ste. 1400
dallas, tx 75231-2319




routing number:311078857
common file double streamline icon: https://streamlinehq.com

                        copied to clipboard
                    



800.322.2709



contact us




about advancial


our story


membership


holiday schedule


advancial news




tools & resources


financial calculators


knowledge center


forms & applications


member discounts






social media


linkedin



facebook



twitter
















© 2025 advancial  |  nmls 469500


privacy notice
terms of use
















video chat





call me


























