                         
	parda credit union | the freedom to be you
       skip to main content 




   

routing #: 272478910
  

 find a branch/atm 


 contact us
      
enroll|forgot password?



		username

log in

      open search    


search













 close search      


  




join
                



how to
                    



become a member


refer a friend


join our team






bank
                



accounts
                    



checking accounts


savings accounts


youth accounts


business accounts


ira accounts


certificates




services
                    



24/7 access


wire transfers


order checks


stop payments


address change


overdraft options


buy now pay later




resources
                    



fee schedules


deposit rates


savings calculators






borrow
                



loans
                    



loan rates


auto loans


personal loans


home equity loans


credit builder loans


mortgages


recreational vehicle loans


credit cards


student loans




apply
                    



apply for a mortgage


apply for a credit card


apply for a loan




resources
                    



skip-a-pay


loan rates


loan protection


loan calculators






plan
                



wellness & education
                    



financial education


financial wellness


scholarships


investment services




protect
                    



auto & home insurance


life insurance






about
                



who we are
                    



about parda


support


find us


news center


meet our board of directors


eligibility


volunteer




resources
                    



holiday schedule


events








   


ready to purchase your dream home?get a mortgage with just 5% down and no pmi!learn more & apply today our 2025 scholarship program is open!this year, we're awarding a $5,000 and a $2,500 scholarship!apply today introducing: our first time auto loan programno matter where you are in life, purchasing your first vehicle is an exciting time. with a flat rate of 10.99% apr, our first-time auto loan program is designed for those with limited or no credit history. learn more spice things up with new rewards. apply today  auto loans as low as 4.74% apr for 36 months!we finance new and used vehicles, dealership and private party purchases, and lease buyouts! plus -- we can refinance your auto loan from another financial institution.apply today 
















                            visa® account
                        








                            atms
                        








                            estatements
                        








                            24/7 digital access
                        







your financial freedom is what drives us. parda credit union is a federally insured, member-owned financial organization that offers a wide range of banking products and services — including loans and credit cards.we have branches in illinois, michigan, pennsylvania, and south carolina; as well as secure online and mobile banking services that allow you to manage and monitor your money from virtually anywhere.find out how to become a member today!




















what our members have to say!






                best service ever at parda! always with a smile! thanks for always meeting or exceeding our financial needs!
            







                can't say enough good about parda... 26 years with them and they have never let me down.
            







                excellent!!! excellent!!! excellent!!! i needed a quick loan and they got it done in 24 hours with a much lower rate than i expected. real people answer the phone here and they really care about their members. i was very impressed and pleased with the entire experience. you guys rock!!!
            







                a great banking experience from start to end. my personal experiences with parda have been nothing short of exceptional, and i cannot recommend them enough. i have now closed 4 vehicle loans and a personal loan with them. with their great rates, terms, and the can-do approach to banking, there’s no need to look elsewhere. thanks again!
            







                phenomenal experience i received, i would highly recommend to people of all different types of background. i am a hardworking father of two girls that keep me on my toes, and parda made sure i got what i deserved. sincerely thankful!
            







                the best credit union ever! if you’re looking for a credit union that treats you like family, come here. i have never had any worries with them.
            







go to testimonial #0


go to testimonial #1


go to testimonial #2


go to testimonial #3


go to testimonial #4


go to testimonial #5


  

2601 cambridge court, suite 210, auburn hills mi 483261.800.860.5640connect:
linkedininstagramfacebookfederally insured by ncua. privacywebsite accessibilitysitemapcareers
   


holiday club


eliminate year-end stress by periodically setting aside a small amount.


 
  

auto loans
we offer financing on a wide range of new and used cars, trucks, and suv's.

  

estatements
estatements are identical to paper statements, except they are delivered via online banking.

  

financial wellness
as a parda member, you have access to debt management services, free one-on-one financial counseling, and financial education tools.

  

membership rewards
check out the exclusive savings available through love my credit union rewards! 

      name    how can we help?      start chat             chat with us,
powered by livechat    
