



















gilda's club chicago





















































skip to content










search


menu










contact us
make a referral
video library
member portal
give to gcc
 

get started



join our community

faqs




ingrid’s story
gilda’s club has provided me with activities, knowledge, and new and understanding friends who love life and laughter, and peace from people who understand and don’t judge.
hear the story


our programs



support groups

healthy lifestyle activities
educational lectures
creative arts expression
individual counseling
social events
kids, teens, and family activities
resources
programas en español




your community is waiting
we are here for you with nearly 250 activities — in person, virtually, and on-demand.
see the calendar
view on-demand videos


community calendar
about us



about gcc

our beginnings
locations
gilda’s club in the community
team
gilda’s chronicles blog
community stories




derise’s story
while we are creating in whatever way we want to, we’re also talking, sharing, developing community, and that’s one of the things i think is a big part of my experience with gilda’s club.
hear the story


ways to give



donate

volunteer
corporate sponsorship opportunities
join team gilda
upcoming fundraising events




support our community
through the gift of your money and time, you can help ensure our programming remains 100% free to those impacted by cancer.
donate online
volunteer with gcc


search
 



























 
shop with purpose, wear with pride!shop with purpose, wear with pride!explore our new merch store—every purchase supports gilda's club chicago's mission to provide free emotional and social support for those impacted by cancer.
shop gcc merchmycancersupport mobile appinstant cancer support at your fingertipsthe new mycancersupport app gives you instant access to gilda’s club chicago as well as online cancer support resources and education.
download appfree cancer supportfree cancer support for the whole family, the whole timedonateparticipate 



shop with purpose, wear with pride!visit our new merch store!mycancersupport mobile appdownload today!free cancer supportfor the whole family, the whole time

 
what is gilda’s club?

 
gilda’s club chicago complements medical care with free, diverse programing, including virtual and in-person activities for easy community access. we've witnessed the profound impact of connecting individuals and families navigating cancer. our services provide a secure space for sharing experiences, fostering understanding, and promoting emotional well-being.
gilda’s club programing is for all ages (including children and teens), gender identities, ethnicities, cancer types, and religious beliefs.
join our community »




february 2025motuwethfrsasu17181920212223242526272812full calendar »

today's activities
  






news and eventslatest news




january 30, 2025



the power of community in uncertain times

at gilda’s club chicago, we understand that a cancer diagnosis can bring a whirlwind of emotions—fear, confusion, and uncertainty. we...          read more »









 


november 14, 2024



why a q&a journal is a must-have for your oncology appointments

watch full video navigating medical appointments, especially oncology visits, can be overwhelming. the amount of information discussed, coupled with the...          read more »










november 14, 2024



gilda’s night out: celebrating laughter in the face of cancer

on november 2, the gilda’s club chicago associate board gathered the community for a memorable night at chicago’s io theater...          read more »









  







 





i was so excited when i saw my paintings that i made at noogie days hanging on the wall in the kitchen.


            — mia          
member 



















 





i teach yoga and learn from my students each and every day. i’m always moved by their courage, strength and incredible ability to adapt.


            — mary          
yoga instructor 



















 





the experience of having cancer and going through cancer treatment can feel really isolating, and so i think for people to be involved in activities where they are around other people who may be facing the same challenges can really do a lot for people. a lot of times people will say i can’t afford to pay for classes or pay for a gym membership, gilda’s helps them overcome that because all the services there are free.


            — timothy pearman, phd          
director of supportive oncology, robert h. lurie comprehensive cancer center of northwestern university 



















 





there’s always something going on at gilda’s. every month, we offer a wide variety of free support groups, special programs, and good reasons to just hang out together. many are held at gilda’s club’s main clubhouse on wells street, but we also offer programs at all our hospital locations.


            — chris          
member 
















 
hear more of our stories »

 
donate today

 
gilda's club chicago relies on the generosity of the community to support all those who walk through our red doors. there are many ways to give and so many people to help.

 

          give now                

 
become a member

 
whether you're living with cancer, supporting someone who is, or if you have lost a loved one to cancer - you're invited to join us. it’s easy to join, and it's free.

 

          join us                






















connect with us





























have a suggestion? send us your feedback.
join our grassroots advocacy group.


 








get startedjoin our community
community calendar
resources
faqs
 

ways to supportdonate
volunteer
team gilda
 

locationsdowntown clubhouse
advocate christ medical center
ann & robert h. lurie children’s hospital
mount sinai hospital
lurie cancer center of northwestern university
 















© 2025 gilda's club chicago. 



privacy policy
site map
contact us
 






gilda's club chicago is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. federal ein 36-4115144.




















×

search


search

submit




×





















