








physical sciences lab – uw–madison
















































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









physical sciences lab





search






menu
open menu


close





services
staff
projects
about
expand


collapse



about
psl lab archive


contact us
opportunities
 











 


welcome




psl is a research and development organization that provides unique instrumentation solutions used in scientific research programs all over the world. we have experience with projects at every scale and level of complexity. our expertise spans the entire engineering process from initial conceptual design, through engineering development, fabrication, testing and calibration, and on-site installation and commissioning.
we are a fee-for-service uw research center that works with uw labs and principal investigators, other universities, national labs, international collaborations, and private companies. some of our capabilities include:
– deep breadth in mechanical and electrical engineering
– detailed design, cad modeling, shop drawings, and technical illustrations
– full-service machine & electrical shops, prototyping, machining, certified welding, precision assembly and inspection
– on-site installation, commissioning, and operations support
– ultra-high vacuum, ultra-high purity, and cryogenic expertise
– machine design, energy systems, structural design
– pcb design/manufacturing, electronics integration, power systems
– electronics and control systems modeling
– industrial slow controls, scada, and plc systems
welcome to psl where we will help to solve your unique research, development, and prototype needs. we will leverage our expertise to enable your ideas, no matter the scale and complexity. partnering with psl means partnering with experience.

 
 
 
 






icecube upgradethis initiative will deploy 750 advanced photodetectors and calibration devices inside the existing icecube detector.
credit: https://icecube.wisc.edu/science/beyond/



            learn  more
more

 











dunein the building formerly known as the synchrotron radiation center, psl is building the newest neutrino detector for the deep underground neutrino experiment (dune). credit: cern



            learn  more
more

 











icecube gen2icecube-gen2 is the next-generation extension of icecube, the cubic-kilometer-scale neutrino detector built at the south pole.
credit: https://icecube.wisc.edu/science/beyond/



            learn  more
more

 








 
 
 
 




the uw-madison physical sciences laboratory is an institution with a long list of services and people suited to solve engineering problems in scientific research around the world.

 

psl news and field updatesfield season 1 02-04-2024twelve personnel are at pole as of 26 january: erik ejdepalm, skyler grulke, sarah johnson, jake nesbit, chris nielsen, tom nordin, dave pernic, chana sinsabvrodom, kurt studt, åse torgilsson, paul wisniewski, and sam wolcott. summary …field season 1 01-21-2024for a second straight week, the icu team made incredible progress. work on several mobile drilling structures was completed and the buildings were delivered to the seasonal equipment site and the berm. we made up …more news 
more

 
 
 
 



 
 


site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: libby.peterek@wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











