



tony's guns - home








tony's guns and police supplies

[ skip to navigation menu ]




tony's guns & police supplies
serving the public and law enforcement since 1990


tony's is now a distributor for streamlight products, allowing us to offer 
      their products to you at competitive prices. 
      find what you want and then give us a call.
new items added to hard to find firearms - check 
      them out!
tony's is now a distributor for uncle mike's civilian and law enforcement 
      products, allowing us to bring you the accessories you want at a reasonable 
      price.  find what you want and then give us a call.
for military, law enforcement and civilian use, the eotech 
      holographic weapon sights are available now.
now carrying the best in tactical gear - blackwater 
      gear.
check out products from  
      storm case and then come see us.

message from tony
hello, i am tony ashy, the owner of tony's guns & police supplies. welcome 
      to my web site. please browse around. i have a very large inventory of firearms 
      and accessories — including some very hard-to-find items. additionally, 
      we buy and sell selected used firearms. we also do gun repair and have a 
      qualified gunsmith on site. so, whether you are interested in collecting, 
      hunting, competitive shooting, or self defense, we are happy to serve you. 
      please do not hesitate to contact us for availability and pricing of whatever 
      you are looking for.
location

tony's is located on broad street extension - directly across from shaw air force base
are you a purchasing agent?
we would be happy to supply a quote for your purchasing needs — large or small.  so, whether its is firearms, or security and law enforcement gear, please do not hesitate to contact us.
need custom grips?

visit our friend conrad.






navigation

home
internet specials
gun search
contact us
ordering faq
terms & conditions
links
law enforcement gear
hard to find firearms


hours
monday - saturday 
10:00 am - 7:00 pm
sunday 
closed

address

tony's guns 
& police supplies
4308 broad street ext
sumter, sc  29154
telephone
803-494-4867
803-494-8264
fax: 803-494-5511




designed & maintained by burning toad design © 2005



