































away from home, holiday homes in the ardennes
















































































 

















away from home, holiday homes in the ardennes


what to do in the area
rental conditions
contact
english

nederlands
français
deutsch


 






			welcome to the ardennes			
the best memories are created here
 

check in: 
check out: 
 +/- 2 days
guests: 123456789101112131415



  







our listings



our choice for the ardennes comes from  the beautiful nature and the wide variety of activities it offers. our homes give you everything you’d expect from this green heart of belgium, and are ideal to come together with family or friends.
located in a typical small ardenne village, surrounded by forests, hills, wide pastures, green valleys, caves, rivers, babbling brooks and rough rocks. you deserve some time in a cosy sauna or hot-tub and getting away from all the stresses of all of your daily life. put on your hiking shoes and discover the natural areas in and around dochamps and la roche en ardennes.
discover the charm of the ardennes
by staying in one of our homes you’re located right in the heart of the ardennes, ideally situated for a trip through the region. you can drive past farms, castles, and picturesque villages. don’t forget to stop in a village from time to time, to sample one of the regional products like an abbey cheese or local brew beer.
who challenges you to an active weekend in the ardennes?
a stay in the ardennes is of course ideal to do this with a group of friends or family. cook together in our cottage and have a chat with a glass of wine around the fireplace or the barbecue. but would you like more action? think of mountain biking, kayak, rock climbing & abseiling, walking, horse riding, speleology, or – in winter – even langlauf and skiing. or challenge yourself to a ‘survival parcours’ with various obstacles like rope bridges… enough possibilities!
our holiday homes in the ardennes offer something for everyone.







holiday home holiday cottage ‘la villa’ in manhay (la roche-en-ardenne) for 15 persons in the ardennes




			            	starting at € 750 			            

 15 persons
 15 beds
 5 bedrooms
 dochamps (be)



a cozy, spacious accommodation on a quiet location. meets fire safety requirements. 
for 8-15 persons. 5 bedrooms, 15 beds 4 bathroom: 1 bath, 3 showers. 
dishwasher, oven, refrigerator, washing machine, central heating, color tv, table soccer game.

home details and availability






holiday home welness holiday cottage ‘le pavillon’ in manhay (la roche-en-ardenne) for 2 persons in the ardennes




			            	starting at € 250 			            

 2 persons
 1 beds
 - bedrooms
 dochamps (be)



view on the next-door meadows and forest, absolute privacy. for 2 people.
bathroom with shower, toilet, finnish sauna, hot tub, underfloor heating, wood stove / fireplace, wifi, oven with rotisserie, induction, boiling water tap, very cozy!

home details and availability











about us ✓ for rent fantastic holiday homes in the most beautiful region of belgium.
✓ a rustic environment for young and old, both for resting or active vacations.
✓ standard rental periods: week, weekend, midweek to 2 weeks.
✓ for rent cottage for 2 persons and group accommodation up to 15 people.
✓ check out our last-minute offers and special arrangements.
✓ dochamps, close to tourist places such as la roche, durbuy, houffalize, baraque fraiture, bastogne and the caves of han and remouchamps.




contact us away from home
rue de la gare 26, 6960 dochamps
+32 468 10 04 16
or use our contact form directly.


















































