















tuolumne county, ca - official website | official website








 















skip to main content




















emergency alerts


	tuolumne county emergency alert notification system
	read on...








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    government      community      business      visitors      how do i?  


 

 

 

 

 





 
















sonora pass, fall color







pinecrest lake from north shore







relief reservoir near kennedy meadows







eagle pass, emigrant wilderness







yosemite valley, tunnel view







afternoon storm, emigrant wilderness, east flange rock







over-looking buck meadow creek, emigrant wilderness







sonora pass, fall color







relief reservoir







yosemite valley, tunnel view






















  
 
 












 














board meetingsagendas, minutes, and final documents.learn more








purchasinglearn about bid opportunities.learn more










 
 














notify me®get alerts and updates.learn more








permitting & licensingopengov portal for permitting and licensing.learn more










 
 














property damage claim formsubmit a personal property claim.learn more








jobscurrent employment opportunitieslearn more










 
 
 

























 







latest news










tuolumne county celebrates 175th anniversary 

the county of tuolumne is proud to announce the 175th anniversary of its official
establishment on february 18, 1850.				read on...










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 














drug dealer derek estes sentenced to 10 years state prison 


read on...






juvenile offenders charged in jamestown assault 


juvenile delinquency petitions filed against two minor co-offenders related to the assault of 24-year-old man in jamestown, ca, on tuesday, january 28, 2025						read on...






inmate robert ransom charged in sexual assault of cdcr correctional officer 


on january 7, 2025, the tuolumne county district attorney’s office filed charges against cdcr inmate robert lawerance ransom jr. related to his sexual assault of correctional officer katie jackson at sierra conservation center on january 20, 2024						read on...






fentanyl dealer stacey christ charged with murder 


read on...






misdemeanor child abuse and battery charges filed in sonora elementary school incident 


read on...






james owsley sent to prison for drug and gun convictions 


on january 14, 2025, james owsley were sentenced to 5 years 4 months state prison. mr. owsley was sentenced after pleading guilty to felon in possession of a firearm, felon in possession of ammunition and possession of a controlled substance for sale.						read on...






jon olson charged in dui crash involving tcso deputy 


on january 29, 2025, the tuolumne county district attorney’s office filed charges against jon olson of jamestown following a collision with tuolumne county sheriff deputy andrew munoz that occurred january 18, 2025.						read on...






district attorney’s office dui prosecution unit announces first quarter statistics 


read on...






tammi truschke sentenced to 5 + 30 years to life in state prison for second degree murder 


tuolumne county district attorney cassandra jenecke announced today that on december 30, 2024, the dui recidivist tammi lee ann truschke was sentenced to 5 years + 30 year to life in state prison for the dui murder of james lee kenyon jr.						read on...






prison inmate senteced to 6 + 45 years to life for murder at scc 


read on...






prison inmate carlos hernandez convicted of 2nd degree murder 


read on...






drug dealer daniel curtis sent to prison 


read on...






tammi truschke convicted of murder in dui homicide of james kenyon jr. 


read on...






office of traffic safety awards $208,238 grant to the tuolumne county district attorney’s office 


office of traffic safety awards $208,238 grant to the tuolumne county district attorney’s office for specialized dui prosecution team						read on...






cheryl delaney-rizzo sentenced to 12 + 25 years to life after jury finds her guilty of theft crimes 


read on...






joshua gagen sentenced to max prison term for assault on sheriff's deputy 


read on...






claudio puccio sentenced to nine years state prison for robbery and assault with a deadly weapon 


tuolumne county district attorney cassandra jenecke announced today that on may 20, 2024, claudio puccio, a resident of the state of virginia who was staying in the columbia area, was sentenced to 9 years in state prison to be served at 85%.						read on...






aaron hagerman sentenced to 11 years + 7 to life in prison 


tuolumne county district attorney cassandra jenecke announced today that on may 2, 2024, aaron hagerman, a resident of jamestown, was sentenced to 18 years to life in state prison for kidnapping for carjacking.						read on...






eugene colis sentenced to 15 years 8 months state prison for assault upon several peace officers 


tuolumne county district attorney cassandra jenecke announced today that on february 26, 2024, jamestown resident eugen colis was sentenced to a total of 15 years 8 months in state prison.						read on...






murderer brenda barrera granted parole 


tuolumne county district attorney announced today that on january 4, 2024 the board of parole hearings granted parole to brenda barrera for the second-degree murder of maxsimiano aldana in a driving under the influence crash on april 21, 2015.						read on...






gavi sentenced to 8 years 8 months state prison for transportation of drugs for sale and priors 


tuolumne county district attorney cassandra jenecke announced today that on february 20, 2024, jamestown resident jonathon gavi was sentenced to a total of 8 years 8 months in state prison.						read on...






2011 home invasion robbery resentencing 


read on...






dominic schmitz sentenced to 6 years state prison for pandering and contacting minors for sex crimes 


read on...






jacob crabtree sentenced to 22 years 8 months state prison for sex crimes 


tuolumne county district attorney cassandra jenecke announced today that on january 29, 2024, former tuolumne resident 47-year-old jacob crabtree was sentenced to 22 years 8 months in state prison.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 







popular links







board of supervisors



committees & commissions







employment opportunities



ordinance code







online payments



recreation activity signups







working in tuolumne county



transparency









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 




 








calendar










wed, feb 26



tuolumne county fire safety advisory committee meeting


on february 16, 2021, tuolumne county board of supervisors voted to create the tuolumne county fir...		
tuolumne county fire safety advisory committee meetingread on




wed, mar 5



tuolumne county natural resources committee meeting

the natural resources committee serves as an advisory group to the board of supervisors on all issue...		
tuolumne county natural resources committee meetingread on



behavioral health advisory board meeting

behavioral health advisory board meetingread on








thu, mar 13



tuolumne county homelessness committee - regular meeting (9:00 am)

tuolumne county homelessness committee - regular meeting (9:00 am)read on




wed, mar 26



tuolumne county fire safety advisory committee meeting


on february 16, 2021, tuolumne county board of supervisors voted to create the tuolumne county fir...		
tuolumne county fire safety advisory committee meetingread on




wed, apr 2



tuolumne county natural resources committee meeting

the natural resources committee serves as an advisory group to the board of supervisors on all issue...		
tuolumne county natural resources committee meetingread on







view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 







 














 
 



  
 





 facebook
 youtube




 facebook














community resource guide 2023



public health referral form



tuolumne county community improvement plan 2024



tuolumne county public health community health needs assessment supplement 2023



wildfire smoke health tips



2024 suicide data report









/quicklinks.aspx





 youtube














tuolumne county transit



transit rider's guide



transit system map



tctc interregional transportation



new freedom section 5317 grant program



2008-2009 unmet transit needs report









/quicklinks.aspx







 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







tuolumne county, ca2 south green st.sonora, ca 95370-4618staff directory
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







tuolumne county visitors bureau



yosemite national park



mymotherlode news



union democrat



staff directory









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









