





brighton district library – connect, grow, discover, together




































































skip to content















 
810-229-6571





 
100 library dr, brighton, mi 48116




 
m-thur: 10am-9pm | fri & sat: 10am-5pm | sun: 1pm-5pm




 
my account















 
810-229-6571





 
100 library dr, brighton, mi 48116





 
my account





 
search catalog














 

search


 
















 












library catalog
digital library
events
kids & teens
services
about

board of trustees brighton area women’s history roll of honor learning journey friends of bdlbook donations genealogy & local history library borrowing support the library employment & volunteering

contact us
x
 












 






 






 






 

















home 







 














 
search the catalog















 
apply for a library card















 
curbside pickup


















 




							reserve a study room						


						we have 7 study rooms that can accommodate anywhere between 1-8 people, in varying sizes.​					













 




							mobile printing						


						print any document or image from your laptop or mobile phone with ease. files can also be sent from home and printed when you arrive.					













 




							research databases						


						find exactly what you need with a wide range of research resources to browse. all free with your library card.					













 




							library enewsletter						


						the library's enewsletter is the best way to stay up-to-date with the library's events and services. 					













 




							tax information						


						find 2024 federal and michigan tax forms and information about free tax prep assistance.					


















stream & download 


















 




							libby						














 




							hoopla						














 




							emagazines						














 




							movies- kanopy						














 




							comics plus						



















staff pickof the week 



















[display-posts image_size="large"]








[display-posts include_excerpt="true"]










































view item




















































new titles 
















 












 






























check out the library's new makerspace, the inspo-lab! 







the library’s makerspace, the inspo-lab is available to use as individual drop-ins and by appointment.  







 






learn more


































 














sign up for our monthly newsletter 



									brighton district library’s monthly enewsletter is the most complete, colorful and timely way to keep up-to-date with library events and services.
join our email list below. 















 
sign up today










































upcoming events 























 





































 
want to support our growing public services? click here to donate!















 



connect, grow, discover, together  



since our doors opened in 1996, brighton district library has been an essential provider of services to the brighton area. 







contact info 






100 library drive
brighton, mi 48116
810-229-6571



monday – thursday: 10am-9pm friday & saturday: 10am-5pm sunday: 1pm-5pm								







page directory 










books & media




events




kids & teens




research




services




about bdl














contact us




genealogy & local history




library borrowing




support bdl




library board















subscribe to our youtube page below! 



stay up-to-date with all our live-streaming and virtual event content. 











 




staff login 











help support the library 








 





join us in creating a legacy of art and history at the brighton district library! your support will not only fund a one-of-a-kind pewabic tile mural that celebrates our community’s heritage, but also renovate our local history space, the brighton room. click for details. 
































