


true cosmetic surgery





















    
	true cosmetic surgery
	
  
true cosmetic surgery information




saturday, october 06, 2007



weight loss surgery



a lot of people fight obesity every year, but how hard are they fighting it? i know i think about the things i put into my body and i still eat badly. is it genetic? or is it a learned problem? is society to be blamed for obesity or is it the individual.dieting is a great way to loose weight. i don't mean a starvation diet either, i mean consciously watching what you eat on the daily bases week in and week out until it just becomes habit. exercise is also very important in your overall health, especially when it comes to weight issues. walk to work one day, ride your bike, take the steps instead of the elevator...do anything to get your heart rate up a couple of times a day.if your life is in danger because of your obesity, there are surgical weight loss options. if you are considering a surgical weight loss options, here are a few for you to check out. adjustable gastric bandingbariatric bypass surgerylap-band surgerygastric bypass surgerybiliopancreatic bypass surgerygood luck with your weight loss!



posted by monks @ 12:15 pm
0 comments






friday, may 04, 2007



	 
	 elective health care information
	 
    


the new wise medical & health elective health care website is now days away from its debut! if you would like to find any information on the following elective health care topics, please click on the links;cosmetic surgerycosmetic dentistryfacial plastic cosmetic surgerybariatric surgeryhair loss surgeryr4md.com is a consumer resource for people all around the country researching elective health care procedures including breast implants, liposuction, face lifts, veneers, teeth whitening, gastric bypass surgery, hair replacement surgery and skin resurfacing just to name a few of the topics covered on the new site!



posted by monks @ 5:36 pm
0 comments






friday, march 24, 2006



	 
	 whole body plastic surgery



cosmetic surgery patient's bodies benefit from treatment of the “whole” person - a truly holistic plastic surgery experience.looking and feeling your absolute best involves more than just undergoing a surgical procedure. plastic surgery is an important step towards confidence and well-being, and every patient deserves the full spectrum of mind and body benefits that only comes from treatment of the “whole” person - a truly holistic plastic surgery experience.in a holistic surgical setting, individualized packages of beautifying products and services are often provided free of charge for each specific patient with their particular needs in mind. medical spa services like full service massages and reflexology can be used to maximize the therapeutic benefits, speed up the healing process, and soothe the mind and body.a comprehensive healing program often includes an extensive vitamin program that provides specially formulated combinations of herbal supplements that detoxify and beautify the skin. these nutritional vitamins can reduce swelling and bruising after surgery and help the body to accelerate the healing process.pre and post-operative lymphatic massage and comprehension garments are used for both physical and mental relaxation. in a holistic-centered setting, patients are also often given a specialized complimentary medical skin management regimen that helps to enhance facial surgery results and further beautify the skin.renowned new jersey cosmetic surgeon michael a. giuffrida, m.d. has developed this type of exclusive healing program for his patients, utilizing a wide variety of therapeutic products and services in order to enhance the inherent benefits of traditional plastic surgery procedures. “a patient deserves more than just a surgical improvement,” explains dr. giuffrida. “it’s essential to enhance both the mind and the body so that the experience is as satisfying and rewarding as possible.”dr. giuffrida is a nationally acclaimed surgeon who promotes a holistic approach to cosmetic surgery, performing aesthetically pleasing and medically sound procedures such as rhinoplasties, otoplasties, breast augmentations/lifts, breast reconstruction, and body contouring for various patients across the country. he is board certified as a diplomat of the american board of plastic surgery and is a member of both the american society of plastic surgeons and the american society for aesthetic plastic surgeons.for more information see pennsylvania plastic surgery and surgeon information



posted by ice @ 7:19 am
0 comments






friday, march 17, 2006



	 
	 pucker up plastic surgery
	 
    


lip enhancement is quickly becoming one of the most requested cosmetic surgery procedures.as more and more americans realize the appeal of full, luscious lips, a procedure known as lip enhancement is rapidly becoming one of the most requested forms of plastic surgery in the country today.fortunately, there are a variety of options for patients looking to increase the size and contours of their lips while maintaining their natural feel and “kissability.”the most common types of lip enhancement are injectables, such as hylaform ® and restylane®. these products provide a very acceptable and pleasing enhancement for many people but have the disadvantage of a limited duration of six months or less in most people.implants are enhancement products which provide a natural appearing and a longer lasting result.leading plastic surgeons such as dr. richard anderson of scottsdale, arizona have revolutionized lip enhancement procedures through the use of two innovative implantable materials known as alloderm ® and gore-tex ®.alloderm ® is an implantable product derived from natural human tissues that has been used in over 750,000 plastic surgeries and facial reconstructions. it is a natural material that is screened for any impurities and viruses prior to use for lip enhancement as well as other human grafts. alloderm ® not only improves the appearance of the lips, but also provides the softness and natural “kissability” that patients expect and enjoy.gore-tex ® is another implantable lip enhancer and one that has been used in over five million people over the last 25 years to permanently enhance the contours and shapes of lips, as well as many other human uses areas. the substance is strong and relatively pliable, and is usually recommended for only lower lips due to the potential for less than acceptable results in the sensitive upper lip.several other surgical procedures are available which use the patient’s own tissues to lift and project the lips. in order to increase “pout,” the surgeon removes a small strip of skin below the nose, lifting the lip upward and giving it a fuller and “poutier” appearance. these scars are usually small are unnoticeable.“lip advancement” is a technique that removes tissues from the inside of the mouth to push out and project up both the upper and lower lips. this technique is a bit more invasive, and can have a bit longer recovery time, but the results can be quite satisfactory.“these implants and minor surgical procedures can project, lift, and help to beautify the look of the lips,” reports dr. anderson. “and many of our patients desire and deserve full, kissable lips.”dr. richard d. anderson, m.d is a graduate from the prestigious northwestern university medical school, and is board certified from the american board of plastic surgery, the american board of otolaryngology, and the american board of anti-aging medicine.he is also a member of the american society of plastic surgeons and the american society for aesthetic plastic surgery. dr. anderson is also renowned as top expert in his field, and he is listed in “the best plastic and reconstructive surgeons” published by media perspectives.for more information see phoenix plastic surgery and surgeon information



posted by ice @ 11:00 am
0 comments









	 
	 endoscopic facelifts: not the “standard” in facial rejuvenation
	 
    


the endoscopic facelift is a plastic surgery procedure that is ideal for patients who want an effective way to reduce pain, achieve quick results, look younger and healthier.putting your best face forward has never been easier, as revolutionary new advances in cosmetic surgery techniques have made facial enhancement a reality for millions of americans. an endoscopic facelift is an effective way to improve your looks and boost your self-esteem.because endoscopic facelifts use the most advanced surgical techniques and procedures, many patients are amazed at the quick results and the reduced pain. in fact, some people who undergo “facial rejuvenation” return to their normal activities within a few days, often with less of the telltale bruising and swelling commonly found in older facelifts.renowned manchester, vermont plastic surgeon david metzner, m.d. is an avid champion of the procedure and utilizes years of endoscopic facelift experience to achieve the enhancements that each individual patient desires – whether subtle or dramatic.“i’ve always considered it essential that every procedure i offer to patients must provide real results that look natural and that last,” dr. metzner notes. “if it can be performed without leaving behind noticeable tell-tale signs, what i call ‘stealth surgery’, so much the better.”an endoscopic facelift is an ideal option for people who want to look younger and healthier. dr. metzner makes several small and inconspicuous incisions (usually hidden behind the hairline) and inserts a special thin camera called an endoscope under the skin.by looking at a special monitor connected to the camera, the tissues that give your face its structure and shape are lifted and tightened. this procedure is usually performed under general anesthetic administered by specially qualified anesthesiologists, reducing the necessity of an overnight hospital stay.facial rejuvenation has several advantages over traditional facelifts. first, any scars are small and very well camouflaged. secondly, no hair or scalp are removed. also, endoscopic facelifts look more natural and significantly reduce unpleasant recovery factors such as pain, swelling, bleeding, bruising, and infection. finally, and perhaps most importantly, the effects of facial rejuvenation endoscopic facelifts tend to last longer than a standard facelift.the center for cosmedic rejuvenation is an elegant setting for discriminating clients to enjoy the myriad benefits of cosmetic enhancement. a licensed aesthetician stands by after the procedure to advise the patient on proper post-op skincare and makeup, and the specialty concierge service can arrange a private, post-surgery recovery getaway for healing and relaxation for patients in some of the finest hotels and inns of manchester, vermont.“i understand the unique needs and expectations of the cosmetic surgery patient,” explains dr. metzner. “we set up the center to fulfill those needs and expectations, while insuring privacy, confidentiality, and value without sacrifice in quality,” he adds. the center has proudly served clients throughout boston, springfield, the berkshires in massachusetts, new hampshire, albany, ny, and vermont and other areas around new england.dr. david metzner is certified by the american board of medical specialties as an expert in plastic surgery and otolaryngology. he has been an instructor at the prestigious harvard medical school and is one of america’s leading experts in facial rejuvenation.for more information see www.r4md.com



posted by ice @ 10:59 am
0 comments









	 
	 modern facelifts tie contour threads to thermage
	 
    


patients wanting plastic surgery to improve their overall facial appearance are opting for contour threading coupled with thermage® treatmentin an age where both external beauty and internal esteem are exalted, more and more people are discovering the extensive benefits that modern technology has brought to improving appearance and enhancing self-confidence. while there are many options for patients looking to improve their looks, none is as revolutionary and effective as a contour threading facelift.a contour threading facelift is a remarkable new procedure performed by nationally renowned chicago plastic surgeon dr. steven bloch that provides the long lasting improvements of traditional facelifts without the pain, scarring, and prolonged recovery time associated with older techniques.working through minute incisions strategically placed around the face, dr. bloch inserts thin threads with small cogs that gently lift drooping skin and sagging tissue. once the premium placement is achieved, he utilizes safe surgical thread to attach the tissue to their new locations. the entire procedure usually takes less than an hour.contour threading facelifts are even more effective when combined with a treatment that uses the revolutionary procedure called thermage®. thermage® is a safe and effective way to tighten skin and restore natural contours to the face, chin, and cheeks. new collagen is generated through the use of high powered radio waves applied directly to the skin. this collagen helps the newly tightened skin and tissues adhere to their enhanced features more effectively.“virtually every patient who undergoes a contour threading facelift is astounded by the nearly instantaneous results and the significantly protracted recovery time,” reports dr. bloch. “patients are also pleased that the effects last longer and can cost less than older facelifts.”however, dr. bloch points out that he does not perform the contour threading facelift procedure exclusively and neglect other options, as he feels that it is extremely important for the patient to choose a doctor that doesn't have a bias towards any particular cosmetic surgery. “this type of procedure does not take the place of the traditional cosmetic facelift,” he adds.dr. steven bloch is a board-certified chicago plastic surgeon that combines the soul of an artist with the prowess of a skilled medical professional. he received his medical degree from state university of new york, kings county hospital, and completed a surgical internship at northwestern memorial hospital.dr. bloch served residencies in both surgery and plastic surgery at the university of wisconsin where he was also named chief resident in plastic surgery. he has made appearances on the oprah winfrey show, cbs, fox, nbc, wgn, and the discovery channel, and has been featured in premier fashion magazines vogue and allure.for more information see www.r4md.com



posted by ice @ 10:57 am
0 comments






monday, february 20, 2006



	 
	 sea coral used for plastic surgery implants
	 
    


surrounding tissue can grow into the scaffolding provided by the coral, making it a living part of the facial skeleton for cosmetic surgery patients.although medical science has produced a remarkable number of breakthroughs in cosmetic surgery, it has yet to improve on nature’s own design. renowned philadelphia plastic surgeon dr. harvey m. rosen, m.d., d.m.d., agrees and has pioneered the use of a naturally occurring material called block hydroxyapatite to enhance a number of cosmetic and reconstructive applications.this versatile material is derived from coral deposits from exotic locales in the south pacific, and it is highly valued for being one of the few materials in the world that can attain adequate compressive strength and for its ability to be contoured enough to conform to different shapes and sizes.furthermore, it is naturally porous, which means the surrounding tissue can grow into the scaffolding provided by the coral, making it a living part of the facial skeleton. in older implant surgeries using plastic materials there is always a small risk of infection cause by scar tissue deposits around the implant. because the body embraces the new coral material as part of itself, it virtually eliminates the potential for infection or rejection.during the simple procedure dr. rosen inserts the implants through discrete incisions inside the mouth, which reduces the appearance of visible scars and promotes rapid healing. there may be occasional swelling and tenderness in the implant area, but patients usually return to normal activities within a week.“this procedure enables the surgeon to change facial shape in any direction. by doing so, one enhances facial balance and proportion,” reports dr. rosen. “ for instance, as we age, all of our faces shorten. by adding about 4 – 5 mm to the height of the lower face, a patient can look 10 – 20 years younger.”dr. harvey rosen has performed over 500 procedures with block hydroxyapatite material, and has appeared on cnn as well as local news throughout the greater philadelphia metropolitan area. a nationally recognized leader in advanced facial plastic surgery, he serves as chief of plastic surgery at pennsylvania hospital in philadelphia and clinical associate professor of surgery at the university of pennsylvania.dr. rosen is currently a member of several professional organizations including the american association of plastic surgeons, the american society of plastic surgeons, the american society of maxillofacial surgeons, and the plastic surgery research foundation. he also is repeatedly cited in the best doctors of america, a referral resource for fellow physicians.for more information see http://r4md.com/pr/cosmetic_surgery/pennsylvania/philadelphia.html



posted by ice @ 7:55 am
0 comments









	 
	 recovery mask is the new 'cool thing' in facial plastic surgery
	 
    


breakthrough in post-operative healing is providing substantial benefits for facial cosmetic surgery patients.a breakthrough in post-operative healing is providing substantial benefits for patients looking for a drug-free and low cost way to shorten their recovery periods after plastic surgery. this safe, natural alternative for alleviating pain and discomfort after cosmetic surgery procedures has now become more affordable and more convenient than ever before.distinguished sacramento plastic surgeon, dr. david kaufman is proud to offer the aquecool™ therapy system -- a new advance in patient care and healing technology. dr. kaufman is one of the few physicians in the country offering this revolutionary facial surgical recovery device and has witnessed firsthand the benefits to his patients.the aquecool™ by aqueduct medical, inc. is an ergonomic, custom-formable cool therapy system that provides comfortable, uniform cooling across the complex surfaces of a post-operative patient’s face. the custom-fit, semi-rigid structure of the mask ensures complete coverage on all critical areas and applies gentle, uniform compression on the face, helping to alleviate swelling and potentially reducing bruising and the formation of hematomas.the aquecool™ was developed with input from some of the most recognized plastic surgeons in the country, including dr. kaufman, and is designed to provide the highest standard of care and recovery for plastic surgery patients.in essence, the technologically advanced product naturally relieves the pain and discomfort of surgery, reduces swelling and bruising, and shortens long term recovery time by allowing the body to begin healing sooner. the unique therapy is already providing significantly improved recoveries for dr. kaufman’s facial plastic surgery patients.“virtually all cosmetic surgery patients seek optimal results with minimal downtime. i do everything in my power to make the experience as easy as possible, pre-operatively, during surgery, and throughout recovery,” he reports. “the aquecool™ cooling mask reduces bruising, minimizes swelling, and decreases pain -- all key elements in the recovery process -- and my patients swear by it!”dr. david kaufman is a leader in both reconstructive and cosmetic surgery procedures and has enjoyed a distinguished career in both arenas. he attended harvard medical school after proudly serving as an officer in the elite navy seal program, which included duty in operation desert storm. dr. kaufman completed a combined general and plastic surgery residency at stanford medical center, where he was chief resident.a consummate humanitarian as well as an accomplished surgeon, dr. kaufman has participated in over 20 surgical overseas missions that provide plastic and reconstructive surgery to needy children and adults in the developing world. he is proud to be certified by the american board of plastic surgery and is a member of american society of plastic surgeons.for more information see http://r4md.com/pr/cosmetic_surgery/california/sacramento.html



posted by ice @ 7:55 am
0 comments









	 
	 new techniques greatly reduce capsular contracture in breast augmentation patients
	 
    


study shows new methods greatly reduce capsular contracture in breast augmentation patients. dallas plastic surgeon publishes data to make breast implant procedures safer for patients worldwide.when it comes to plsatic surgery, patients deserve nothing less than perfection. although breast augmentations and other implant related procedures are highly popular and rewarding, a condition known as “capsular contracture” can prevent optimal results and distinguished dallas plastic surgeon william p. adams jr. is publishing a landmark study in the january 2006 issue of plastic and reconstructive surgery that provides data to make breast implant procedures safer for patients worldwide.capsular contraction is the most common side effect/ risk of cosmetic and reconstructive breast implant procedures. a capsular contracture occurs when the normal fibrous capsule around the implant tightens and/ or thickens resulting in breast firmness, shape distortion and pain (in advanced states). this results in the need for further surgery and re-operations for the patient.current data demonstrates that 15-20% of all patients who undergo cosmetic breast implant procedures and > 20% of reconstructive and revision patients experience capsular contracture. dr. adams has previously published recommendation to minimize capsular contracture using combination breast pocket irrigation based on in vitro studies. over the past six years, he has studied outcomes of these recommended breast pocket irrigations clinically in over 300 patients...“this study culminates the past 8 years of work we have done on capsular contracture and how we can make breast augmentation and breast implant procedures safer and better for patients,” he reports.dr. adams completed his undergraduate work at princeton university and went on to graduate in the top 10% of his class at vanderbilt medical school, where he received the prestigious award for best graduating clinician. he has then received his training in plastic surgery at the university of texas southwestern medical center, and has been in practice in dallas for the last decade.in addition to his years of experience, dr. adams is a board certified plastic surgeon and member of the american society of plastic and reconstructive surgeons, the american society of aesthetic plastic surgery (asaps), dallas county medical society (dcms), texas society of plastic surgery, the dallas society of plastic surgeons, and the breast implant task force.for more information see http://r4md.com/pr/cosmetic_surgery/texas/dallas.html



posted by ice @ 7:53 am
0 comments









	 
	 radiofrequency energy is the new “magic wand” in facial plastic surgery
	 
    


facial cosmetic surgery procedure can capture a youthful complexion with a simple and quick procedure.freedom from the telltale signs of aging is easier than ever before for americans held prisoner to the fine lines and wrinkles that used to be unavoidable marks of time. respected seattle plastic surgeon braden stridde, m.d. is excited to offer his patients the revolutionary skin tightening procedure thermage. this non-surgical treatment allows people of a wide variety of ages, and skin types to recapture their youthful complexion through a simple, quick procedure with virtually no downtime.skin ages because over time it loses a vital protein called collagen. collagen gives skin its elasticity and youthful appearance, but the human body produces less and less of it as we age. the thermage procedure uses radiofrequency energy to initially tighten collagen, and then stimulate additional collagen production.the radiofrequency energy is produced by a device called a thermatip™ wand. this carefully controlled energy passes through the surface of the skin, and evenly heats the deeper layers of collagen. the uniform heating action causes collagen contraction, producing a smoother and more youthful skin tone. over time, this heating action stimulates the deeper structures of your skin to produce additional collagen, resulting in further tightening and lifting of the treated areas.“thermage is far less invasive than traditional age-defying techniques,” reports dr. stridde, “because there is no surgery, no anesthesia, no prolonged recovery time, and patients can see some immediate results. and over the next three to six months the results continue to improve.”only specially licensed and trained medical professionals like dr. stridde can offer the thermage procedure. even though it is not a surgical procedure and does not require anesthesia, this certification ensures that a patient receives the highest level of quality care and optimal results.braden c. stridde, md has extensive experience in treating patients of all ages and skin types. a progressive and thoughtful board certified plastic surgeon, he combines his eye for aesthetic proportion with technologically advanced surgical techniques and extensive surgical experience to achieve consistently superior results. dr. stridde is a member of the american society of plastic surgeons, the northwest society of plastic surgeons, and is a member and officer of the washington society of plastic surgeons.for more information see http://www.r4md.com/pr/cosmetic_surgery/washington/seattle.html



posted by ice @ 7:52 am
0 comments






wednesday, january 18, 2006



	 
	 phoenix plastic surgeon's facelift still changing cosmetic surgery after a decade
	 
    


for the last ten years the anderson endoscopic facelift has been turning back the clock on aging and reducing the discomfort and healing times associated with a traditional facelift.the fountain of youth is no longer a fairy tale with a revolutionary facelift procedure that takes away the appearance of years of aging and reduces the discomfort and healing times associated with a traditional facelift.the anderson endoscopic facelift was pioneered by renowned phoenix plastic surgeon dr. richard anderson nearly a decade ago, and since then more than 1000 satisfied patients have experienced the extraordinary rejuvenation effects provided by this breakthrough procedure.the anderson endoscopic facelift uses a long, thin, pencil shaped scope introduced through several discrete incisions in the scalp and temple. this tool allows dr. anderson to see under the skin without separating it from the body, thereby preventing the painful bruising and swelling common to older facelifts.once dr. anderson can see under the skin, he uses tiny scissors to release and mobilize muscle tissue. once released he uses internal suspension sutures to provide the tension necessary to support younger, smoother, more attractive skin and muscle tone. the tiny incisions are sewn up and the patient can usually return home as soon as the operation is over.“in the past, people who wished to turn back the clock on the signs of aging had limited options that sometimes left them physically and emotionally drained,” explains dr. anderson. “the anderson endoscopic facelift provides the same benefits as the older procedures but with less swelling and a more rapid return to work and other activities.”a board-certified member of the american board of plastic surgery and the america board of otolarynology, dr. anderson has over 25 years of surgical experience and 20 years of leading the medical field in the use of surgical lasers. he received his medical degree from northwestern university medical school and frequently speaks at plastic surgery conventions across the country and around the world.richard anderson, m.d. gives back to the community by donating his time and experience to the national coalition against domestic violence, and helps reduce violent crime by participating in a program to remove gang tattoos from troubled youths throughout the greater phoenix area.for more information see http://r4md.com/pr/cosmetic_surgery/arizona/phoenix.html



posted by ice @ 4:54 pm
0 comments






wednesday, january 11, 2006



	 
	 “lollipop” breast lift improves self-esteem in today’s women
	 
    


new breast lift method gives women a more youthful appearance that is safe, effective and affordable. women across america have even more to celebrate in the year 2006 as trend-setting surgeons like renowned austin plastic surgeon, m. scott haydon, m.d. make advanced cosmetic procedures like the “lollipop” breast lift more readily available than ever before.dr. scott haydon is on the forefront of the movement to provide women with this relatively new and increasingly popular technique for breast enhancement, and is one of only a small percentage of surgeons performing full breast lifts and reductions with the cutting edge procedure, which causes less scarring than previous options.for many women, unsightly sagging of the breasts is a natural yet unappealing consequence of the aging process. as most women age and as many become mothers, the breasts typically begin to lose fat and the tissue starts to thin. in most cases, as the breast tissue shrinks, the nipple also begins to droop.“a breast lift immediately gives a more youthful appearance to the breast and improves women’s self-esteem. it reminds them of when they were younger and thus they feel rejuvenated,” says dr. haydon. “whether this style of lift is done using a woman’s own breast tissue alone, or in conjunction with an implant, the shape of the breast is better maintained than older techniques and with less scarring. fortunately this is not a very painful procedure and activities are quickly resumed.”while breast lift procedures are generally celebrated for their ability to reposition the nipple to a more youthful location and their capacity to create more cleavage, they can leave unpleasant scarring that detracts from the aesthetic value of the surgery. fortunately, modern technology has provided women with a safe, effective, and affordable way to escape the drooping trap without the scarring of normal breast lifts.dr. haydon is regarded throughout texas as a specialist in breast surgeries of all types, including breast augmentation, breast lift and breast reduction. he employs a special preoperative assessment and detailed measurements in his breast augmentation consultations to determine an ideal implant size, resulting in minimal pain and the ability to return to normal activities the very next day.scott haydon, m.d. is board certified in plastic and reconstructive surgery and holds memberships in numerous prestigious professional organizations, including the american society of plastic surgeons (asps) and the american college of surgeons. dr. haydon continues to be committed to providing patients with aesthetically pleasing procedures that contribute to a heightened self-esteem. for more information see http://r4md.com/pr/cosmetic_surgery/texas/austin.html



posted by ice @ 2:05 pm
0 comments









	 
	 revolutionary “silicone gel” implants hopeful for fda approval in ‘06
	 
    


new breast implants provide optimal shape, deter leakage and minimize complications.silicone gel implants were removed from the us market in 1993 after concerns they could leak, rupture and cause health related issues. experts now say that new cohesive gel silicone implants are made differently, and are less susceptible to complications.form stable cohesive gel implants (cited as the “new” silicone implants) are such a hot topic in the breast augmentation world today because of their promising ability to provide optimal shape, deter leakage and minimize complications.dallas plastic surgeon, william p. adams, jr., m.d. is one of the few surgeons in the country chosen to participate in the current fda trial of these new breast implants. one of the most compelling benefits of the new cohesive implants is their unique ability to shape the breast. “these new form stable cohesive gel implants provide patients with a very natural look and feel, as well as added potential safety benefits,” says adams. these implants feel a lot like natural breast tissue and provide a way for women to enhance their breast size or shape, or to replace a breast that has been removed due to cancer or other disease.in fact, gel implants are known as "gummy bear implants" because they are made with a more viscous gel than previous silicone models. “several major advances in breast augmentation have benefited patients in the past 5 years, and these devices represent the most significant device related advance in breast implants for over 20 years. these cohesive gel implants have had great success in europe and south america over the past 10-12 years; however, in the us are only available through fda clinical trials. the early results of these trials have been quite favorable. the new implants hopefully will become more widely available in the us in 2006 likely after the approval of the older generation silicone gel implants,” adams explained.dr. william p. adams jr. is regarded as a national expert in breast augmentation and breast/ body contouring procedures and is renowned for his expertise in breast implant surgery. dr. adams has a private plastic surgery practice based in dallas, tx and is also an associate clinical professor in the department of plastic surgery at ut southwestern medical center. he is invited all over the world to speak to surgeons, industry and patients about breast augmentation and breast surgery technologies and issues.for more information on cohesive gel implants or on dr. william adams, please visit http://www.r4md.com/



posted by ice @ 2:01 pm
1 comments










about me

name:  monks 
location:  san diego, ca, puerto rico 
i moved to puerto rico to build a house and live with my rad girl summer.
view my complete profile

other cool stuff

sea shell mirror
van the man
stefan's blog
summer's blog
hooded towel
san diego graphic design
english staffy
pimping made easy

previous posts

weight loss surgery
elective health care information
whole body plastic surgery
pucker up plastic surgery
endoscopic facelifts: not the “standard” in facial...
modern facelifts tie contour threads to thermage
sea coral used for plastic surgery implants
recovery mask is the new 'cool thing' in facial pl...
new techniques greatly reduce capsular contracture...
radiofrequency energy is the new “magic wand” in f...

archives

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
may 2007
october 2007


all this plastic surgery information is information that i found or surgical information i feel like blogging about. if you are thinking about getting plastic surgery or researching a doctor, make sure you do your homework...it is a big financial and emotional step in your life. good luck!





 






