



ski salt lake.com, our official online edition, celebrating our 27th year!  |  ski salt lake.com 2025












ski salt lake .com 

winter vacation planner 2025










     










































ski salt lake.com, our official online edition
celebrating our 27th year! 




whether it's your first utah winter vacation or you visit every year, our digital travel guide provides what you need 
to know before you go. and, with one goal in mind, to get you the latest information for your upcoming winter vacation 
in utah.

 



covid-19 updates : 
keeping informed on the latest coronavirus updates, 
 utah.gov's official site 




"the greatest snow on earth" areaguide to skiing salt lake city utah.  salt lake city's wasatch mountains are home 
to 6 world-class ski resorts less than an hour from our salt lake international airport.  
an abundance of beautiful sunny days, various terrains to suit everyone's needs and quick access up the canyons, makes 
"skiing salt lake city" an excellent choice for your next winter vacation!


an incredible ski year!
a few years back, alta received some of the highest snowfall totals on the planet.  
it's true, both alta and brighton had over 900 inches !!!  our daily skier visits also increased by 22% 
from 5.8 to over 7 million.


the olympics will return in 2034!


the u.s. olympic committee along with the ioc, international olympic committee has selected salt lake city as the host 
for the upcoming 2034 olympic games!



bus service up our canyons announced by the uta, utah transit authority costs 
$5 bucks each way, $10. round trip.  a heck of a deal!  check it out on 

 
bus service to our salt lake resorts, alta, snowbird, brighton & solitude ski resorts

 
 as soon as we get more updated info, it will be posted here.  right now, catch our ski buses at the mouth of either big or 
 little cottonwood canyon, the entrance.  and we'll report on the gondola that was approved by the uta to work between the valley 
 and alta/snowbird.  
 
 


"oooohhh.....the powder"


imagine skiing endless untracked powder snow.   to me, it feels peaceful and gentle, sort of like floating.   
it's quiet - except for the 'wows' and various screams of joy around you.   
take the leap, love the journey, ski salt lake!





why is utah's snow so light?
the secret to utah's unique snow is in the huge lake and its closeness to our mountain range. storms suck up moisture as 
they pass over the nearby great salt lake and is dropped on salt lake's mountains just miles away. the light powder snow, 
thanks to the lakes salinity, falls en masse ( appx. 500 inches per year ) upon alta, brighton, snowbird and solitude ski 
resorts creating some of the best powder skiing and snowboarding in the world. park city's ski resorts also benefit from 
this lake effect snow but not to the effect that the salt lake ski resorts do.





after your first visit, you'll say "there's nothing quite like a ski vacation at either snowbird or alta ski areas, with 
some of the driest, deepest powder found anywhere".  
both resorts are up little cottonwood canyon which is serviced by uta buses.  there are pickup locations throughout the 
city, but for complete flexibility your best bet would be to rent a car or use uber.



alta is the ultimate skiers' ski mountain!  it's a big, fun, no-frills resort with spectacular scenery, breathtaking runs 
and air so crisp, just drawing a breath becomes a novel experience.  with over 2,200 acres of skiable terrain and a vertical 
drop of 2,020 feet, alta offers plenty of excitement for advanced and expert skiers 
and lift tickets may well be one of the last great bargains anywhere. for the 2025 ski season, an adult full day ticket 
(9:15 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. daily) cost between $164 to $189.  alta may not, however, be the best choice for beginners. at least 
75 percent of this spectacular terrain, located in the 
wasatch-cache national forest, is rated intermediate or expert.   
and snowboarders should note that alta is one of the last major resorts in the world to deny access to snowboarders.

for families and resort aficionados, snowbird, located adjacent to alta, may be the better choice.  with even more terrain 
than alta, snowbird also offers luxuries missing at alta, such as shops, sophisticated restaurants and expensive lodging.  
with a vertical drop of 3,000 feet, a peak elevation of 11,000 feet and more than 500 inches of annual snowfall covering 
2,000 acres of skiable terrain, it's almost impossible to run out of new trails to try at snowbird.   
adult lift tickets, by chair or tram are $175 to $206 for the 2025 ski season.



there are many reasons why we hosted the winter olympics in 2002, but the # 1 reason is: utah is simply spectacular for 
winter sports. 





these pages were created to make it easy for you to find everything you may need to enjoy your salt lake city ski vacation.  
from links to the 6 ski resorts to lodging facilities in each area and how to buy 
discounted ski lift tickets.   
you can print free coupons with actual lodging discounts to save you money on your trip.   we take pride in helping our 
visitors find the right accommodations that suit their needs.  
if you are going to rent skis, rent them in the city, it's way cheaper.  
 snowboard & ski rentals - save 25%.


discount lodging specials & coupons...
  save $$$ - discount coupons


stand up to cancer is a groundbreaking initiative created to accelerate innovative cancer research that will get new therapies to patients quickly and save lives now.  
please join this movement today.  visit their site and  subscribe to their newsletter.

when you become a part of the stand up to cancer online community, you are becoming part of the movement to bring an end to cancer.  
as a member of su2c you will receive their monthly newsletter which includes the latest updates on su2c cancer research, patient stories, prevention tips, 
information on su2c initiatives and new ways you and your loved ones can get involved in the fight against cancer.




    


ski salt lake, providing the planning tools to help make your utah vacation be a memorable experience.

___ table of contents / menu ___

  utah ski resorts
  ski schools, learn to ski & snowboard
  length of season, opening & closing dates
  discount lift tickets
  where to rent skis, snowboards & gear
  new ski & snowboard equipment - utah ski shops
  kids ski free at salt lake city ski resorts
  why ski utah?  an overview
  planning a salt lake city ski vacation

  


___ salt lake lodging options ___

  alta ski resort lodging
  snowbird resort lodging
  brighton & solitude ski lodging
  salt lake ski lodging close to all 6 resorts
  salt lake city vacation rentals - homes - condos
  salt lake city hotels
  salt lake hotels offering discounts
  extended stay lodging
  the warning signs of travel fraud


 support / contact us by email



___ transportation ___

  shuttles & transportation, uber
  salt lake airport taxi service
  utah car rental agencies
  driving instructions from salt lake city's airport to park city & utah's ski resorts
  shuttles, ground transportation from salt lake's airport to park city
  salt lake international airport shuttles to alta & snowbird
  salt lake city airport facts
  ski bus to alta & snowbird ski resorts



__ to see and do in salt lake __

  ice skating
  snowmobile rentals and tours throughout utah
  salt lake's travel planner
  salt lake's dining guide
  salt lake city bars  -  nightlife
  taste of salt lake
  top ranked sports bars
  sightseeing, attractions salt lake
  shopping salt lake
  salt lake's olympic oval
  ski in the morning / golf in the afternoon


    

___ visit park city ___

  park city lodging, vacation rentals
  rent or buy your skis and gear in park city
  park city hotels
  sundance film festival lodging
  park city's olympic park
  park city vacation planner
  snowmobile rentals in park city
  park city sleigh rides



___ additional resources ___

  shuttles, transportation to park city, uber
  discount lift tickets
  cross country ski areas throughout utah
  discount lodging specials & deals
  area maps
  utah canyon closure warnings
  free utah travel coupons, specials, deals
  buying new skis, boots, gloves and more!
  salt lake ski shops
  family friendly, discounts when vacationing with kids
  utah ski vacation videos
  visit salt lake
  rent snowmobiles


 contact us by email

    


welcome to ski salt lake's vacation planner for 2025



utah's wasatch mountains are home to 6 world class ski resorts less than an hour drive from the salt lake international 
airport and with an abundance of beautiful sunny days, various terrains to suit everyone's needs, and quick access up 
the canyons, makes skiing utah a must this year.  take the leap, love the journey, ski salt lake! 




ski salt lake's official winter vacation planner
salt lake city, utah 84106
© copyright 1998 - 2025. all rights reserved. 


views


 









