


new hope music



























750 original scripture-based songs 
and 300+ hymns
designed for bible memorization, 
youth ministry, 
choirs & 
public worship gatherings. 
all 
free to download, copy & share with others !!
 
quick links
 

songs for palm sunday, good friday 
& easter


youtube play lists & song categories

foundations of faith (scripture song challenge)
 contemporary hymns
teaching 
songs for 
young children

ralph's 
favorites


scripture song index

around the world

alphabetical song list

recent collections (500+ songs)

"songs in the night" 
&  
"refresh"


adrian v miller hymns



translations

king james version scripture 
songs
tabs, by 
rachel shirron


videos
 

have you used new hope music songs?

we would  love to hear about 
it.
please send your
videos, stories, pictures, 
recordings, translations... 
to our facebook page
 
welcome friends ...
since 1991, our music has traveled to 230 nations and all 50 states.
this web site has had millions of visitors, with 
hundreds more coming each month! (partial list of countries)
 




click on map to see some 
recent web site visits
 
come join our team !!
make videos using our songs.  share our web site, facebook page and free ministry resources with your worship leaders, pastors, students, family, friends... through 
church bulletins, missionary newsletters, web site links, social media & emails.
thank you for your part in sharing these 
songs around the world!
may god be glorified through our ministry together...
your servant in christ,
 





ralph merrifield













a note from graham kendrick...
"ralph and i have enjoyed several chats on the telephone about worship and worship songs.... he's a great enthusiast and very keen to serve all those involved in facilitating the worship of the churches. i met him over in boston... whilst ministering at the vision new england conference and was intrigued to hear all about his vision for new hope music.
this website has become a popular stopping off place for those seeking resources for worship leaders and church music groups, as well as individuals seeking encouragement on their own spiritual journeys. enjoy!"





a note from 
john w peterson...

"few people i know are more devoted to and excited about gospel music than 
ralph merrifield.  he’s not only a talented writer himself – but keenly 
interested in the work of other writers. my every contact with him has been most 
enjoyable.

you have written some fine songs ralph, the lord has given you great 
talent and the opportunity to use that talent for him. 

i pray he will guide and bless in all aspects of your ministry as you proceed.


i appreciate your friendship."  


©new hope music   all rights reserved.




