







pärnu filmifestival – filmifestival











































































 















  









home
about us
catalogue
news
contacts
submit a film
supporters
mona
old site



















winners of the xxxviii pärnu film festival




matthew lancit, olga semak ja marta kovářová 
							 


we await submissions from all over the world. 

in the year 2025,
 our special focus will be on indigenous peoples and their disappearing cultures. 
							submit your film 
							


 






 
 
pff2025

welcome to pärnu film festival!
xxxix pärnu documentary and science film festival will take place on october 5–12, 2025 in pärnu
  and on air of estonian television, followed october 13–19, 2025 in other locations of estonia. the awarded
  docs will be screened at the estonian art museum in tallinn as well as at the estonian national museum in tartu.
we await submissions from all over the world. in the year 2025, our special focus will be
    on indigenous peoples and their disappearing cultures.
early submission’s entry fee is 10 euros up to april 1, 2025.
late submission’s entry fee from april 2 to june 1, 2025, is 20 euros.
the selection committee will announce their decision latest by august 1, 2025.
we hope to compose a powerful program of docs of high artistic and scientific quality. from the very
  beginning, our focus has been on folk arts, disappearing cultures as well as future of young people.
 in the time of bloody wars, we seek docs with messages for a peaceful world.
before submitting your film, please read and accept regulations of our festival.

read through festival regulations regulations
pay your submission 10 or 20 eur via pay/pal
fill in and submit the entry form that you will receive after payment
deadline for submissions is june 1, 2025!





xxxviii pärnu film festival awards



awards of xxxviii pärnu film festival
demiurge
by olga semak, ukraine
    estonian people’s award
    voted by the audience of estonian television
    the prize was ethnographic blanket weaved by christi kütt
play dead!
by matthew lancit, france, portugal, canada
    with grand prize of the festival
    as the best artistic achievement
    the winner was chosen by a five-member jury consisting of anna hints, marina shkarupa,
    tushar prakash, dane dodds, silvia lotman
    the prize was ethnographic blanket weaved by christi kütt
bon voyage
by karine birgé, belgium
    special mention of the festival jury in the category of best artistic achievement
the dairy garden
by marc weymuller, france
    special mention of the festival jury in the category of best artistic achievement
we want to live here
by aleksandrina turcan, ukraine
    the best doc for youth
    the decision of the jury of the students of sütevaka humanitarian high school
    the prize was a carpet embroidered by riina pull
cyborg
by carey born
    united kingdom, germany, spain, usa
    the best science film
    the winner was chosen by the jury of the estonian academy of young scientists
    the prize was a carpet embroidered by riina pull
the world according to my dad
by marta kovářová
    czech republic, slovakia
    special mention of the jury of the estonian academy of young scientists as the best portrait of a scientist
roman toi beautiful songs
by kalli paakspuu
    canada
    special mention for brilliant recording of estonian music history
congratulations!!!



 
 

award ceremony of the xxxviii pff
 
▶️



the festival began at the former tõhela dairy on october 6, 2024.


















tõhela rahvamaja



the festival awards ceremony took place on october 13 at the festival palace in pärnu.















































the festival continued from october 15 to 20 at the estonian national museum in tartu and heimtali community center and concluded at the kõpu dairy.




erm









kõpu meierei



kõpu meierei seanss



heimtali rahvamaja




×






 


pärnu film festival 2023 
awards


no hero at all by michal kawecki, poland – the estonian people’s award voted by the audience of estonian television.

!aitsa by dane dodds, denmark – grand prize as the best artistic achievement.

remains by linus mork, denmark – as the best science film.

among us women by sarah noa bozenhardt and daniel abate tilahun, germany – as the best doc on survival of indigenous peoples.

hell`s stoker by kullar viimne, estonia – as the best full length art doc.
 
carpenter by xelil sehragerd, kurdistan – as the best short art doc. 

tell me my story by maciej miller, poland – as the best short film.

calls by ming-wei chiang and coq au vin by ville seppänen – as the best student docs. 

doctor apa by ibadilla adzhibaev, kyrgyzstan – with the special mention for an outstanding recording of survival of native peoples.

what`s hecuba to him by peteris krilovs and iveta budrevica, latvia – with the special mention for the high artistic and human value.

landscape after holodomor by yuri tereshchenko, ukraine – with the special mention for the high historical recording.

dans les bra by nathalie rosetti, belgium – with the special mention for a very warm message to human beings.


 
congratulations!!!








michal kawecki (left) – winner of the estonian people’s award for the documentary  no hero at all.

dane dodds (right) – winner of the grand prize as the best artistic achievement for !aitsa.

 
 

award ceremony of the xxxvii pff




 
 


kullar viimne, director, and eric norkroos, producer of the best art doc film hell’s stoker. seaküla simson, the main character of the film

 
 


alain verschueren, the main character of the film in the arms

 
 


on behalf of the xxxvi pärnu international documentary and science film festival we award the masterpiece tell me my story by maciej miller as the best short film.

 



















upcoming events







upcoming events there are no upcoming events at this time.



please, choose date






more events…







 







news














 











22/01/202522/01/2025newswe await submissions from all over the world
welcome to pärnu film festival! xxxix pärnu documentary and science film festival will take place on october 5–12, 2025 in...

 





22/01/202522/01/2025newsdiscover the filmmaker within you!
discover the filmmaker within you! discover the filmmaker within you! we continue the workshops started last winter, teaching young people...

 





14/10/202414/10/2024newswinners of the xxxviii pärnu film festival 





14/10/202414/10/2024newsxxxviii pärnu film festival at the estonian national museum
piletid: täiskasvanud 5 ja õpilased 2 eurot.

 
















 












more news…







 









a big thank you to all of our supporters







 


















































the museum of new art pärnu film festivalrüütli str. 40apärnu 80010 estoniamtü pärnu rahvusvaheline visuaalse antropoloogia ühingfestival@chaplin.eecall us:  +372 50 24 947program of the xxxvii pärnu film festival festival july 03-09.07.2023

festival office
 rüütli st. 40a, pärnu


festival palace
nikolai 26, pärnu

 

social media 
facebook


 












  
 
			© 2024 pärnu filmifestival		






















































