










architectural canopies, walkways & specialty shelters





































































 skip to content


























homeproducts






	products
canopies | walkways

translucent canopieswalkwaysmetal canopiesglass canopiescanopy structures 
bike parking, storage & racks

bike sheltersbike racksbike lockersbike rooms & indoor parkingbike cagesbike repair stationsscooter & skateboard rackssecura-gard 
shelters

bike sheltersbus stop sheltersshopping cart corralssmoking sheltersspecialty structuresready ship shelters 
translucent daylighting

illumawall translucent wallscommercial skylightstranslucent interiors 
 


  


need help? call us today with any questions you have!
734.207.9700

 
 

who we are






	about duo-gard
aboutcustomer testimonialsnewsduo-gard blog 


  


need help? call us today with any questions you have!
734.207.9700

 
 

resources






	resources
servicesbrochuresdetailed drawingsspecificationscad drawingsdaylight modeling servicesaisc certificationcontinuing educationproduct leed guidepolycarbonate technologiessustainable technologiesled lightinglumira® aerogel 


  


need help? call us today with any questions you have!
734.207.9700

 
 

contact  








 







 






























our core purpose since 1984 has been to inspire and enable sustainable communities. we design, engineer, fabricate, and install with the hopes that each product and solution we champion fosters harmony for every generation. we are the leading innovator in high-performance translucent walls, architectural canopies, bus shelters, bike shelters, smoking shelters, and outdoor structures. we custom design/build around our client’s specifications.
experience the difference
duo-gard’s brand promise of together by design reflects the company’s relentless drive to collaborate and cultivate trust at every point along the solution-building journey. from vision alignment to advanced engineering and from total fabrication through installation, the duo-gard difference shines through.






turn your vision into reality with achieve 360º™
achieve 360° is a proprietary, full-circle design and fabrication resource from duo-gard. we take a holistic approach to ensure that each client receives the highest level of service to create their vision. this approach showcases our unmatched ingenuity and flexibility. think of achieve 360° as a pathway to a real-time performance meter and project compass to meet your project goals. learn more about achieve 360°.

















products











 


canopies | walkways


translucent canopies
metal canopies
covered walkways
canopy structures












 


bike parking, storage, and racks


bike cages
bike lockers
bike racks
bike repair stations
bike rooms & indoor parking
scooter & skateboard racks












 


shelters


bike shelters
bus shelters
smoking shelters
specialty shelters
cart corrals












 


translucent daylighting


exterior walls
interior walls
skylights




















services











 


design


review project goals
explore possibilities
technology selection












 


engineer


stamped drawings & calculations
execute product plan
structural review
material analysis












 


fabrication


complete fabrication services
steel & aluminum structural
construction
glazing systems












 


installation


installation training services
detailed installation instructions
factory installers




















achieve 360º™: a resource designed for you






there are certain hallmarks associated with well-orchestrated projects in our industry. true successful projects are marked by accurate planning and coordination, deep experience and knowledge, diverse source materials and an obsession for quality and results. these traits formed the framework behind duo-gard’s vision pursuit pathway: achieve 360º™.
think of achieve 360º™ as a real-time performance meter and project compass for helping you turn vision into reality.
this pathway guides project stakeholders through three vital stages (each with specific gates) towards vision achievement, enabling both architects and contractors to experience new levels of confidence and assurance.
to learn more contact our team today at 734-207-9700 or info@duo-gard.com































 
"with duo-gard's enthusiasm and spirit of experimentation, the partnership was tremendous... it was always about the possibilities with duo-gard... and they broadened possibilities for this project."
- james vandermolen, aia, leed-ap, design architect
itp rapid central station in grand rapids, mi
 
 




















duo-gard is the global leader in the design and manufacturing of innovative daylighting solutions and shelters. for over 35 years, duo-gard has offered unmatched levels of creativity and partnership delivered through expert, agile teams of project managers, design engineers, technology integrators, and material fabricators.
usgbc member

subscribe to our newsletter to learn about our latest products, projects and technology
 






















































 














duo-gard industries inc.
40442 koppernick rd.
canton mi 48187-4279









734.207.9700









info@duo-gard.com




info@duo-gard.com 










 











learn about the latest products, projects and technology... subscribe to our newsletter!

name(required)


first



last

email(required)


enter email



confirm email


company(required)i am a(required)

contractor


architect


designer


building-owner


federal buyer


other
captcha
  
























 





subscribe to our newsletter












facebook





twitter





instagram





linkedin





duo-gard on pinterest



















©2025 duo-gard industries, inc. all rights reserved. privacy. site by regency.









 
scroll to top






































