






home - weetabix cereals










































































 
 
 



our cerealsour cereals

 kick start your day with the nation's favourite cereal.

weetabix original

original
organic


weetabix flavours

weetabix banana
weetabix chocolate
weetabix baked with lyle’s golden syrup


weetabix crispy minis

chocolate chip
fruit & nut


weetabix melts

milk chocolate
chocolate hazelnut


oatibix

oatibix
oatibix flakes
oatibix flakes nutty crunch


weetabix protein

weetabix protein
weetabix protein crunch chocolate


weetabix on the go

on the go original


our cereals
our delicious ideasour delicious ideasdelicious ideas
great start recipes
any-which-way-a-bix recipes
more bix-piration


our beliefsmeet our farmersget in touch 








home





 







  







  







 




our breakfasts at weetabix we’ve been proudly fuelling the nation with high-quality cereals since 1932. from our iconic biscuit to today’s many different flavours, shapes and textures. there’s never been so many ways to enjoy britain’s favourite breakfast*.
start your day with one of our delicious breakfast cereals or on the go options as part of a healthy and balanced diet.
 




explore our cereals 






any-which-way-a-bix recipes we have selected our favourite, affordable recipes to kick start the year with, and because they’re so versatile, you can tweak them to use up whatever you have at home. it’s great value any which way!
 
view recipes view recipe book pdf 







sustainability at weetabix we’re committed to growing sustainable ingredients, reducing packaging waste, making our factories more efficient and helping local communities. join us on our journey from the fields to your bowl and see how you’re making a difference with every bowl.
 
find out more 







weetabix huddle welcome to huddle, powered by weetabix, where girls across wales fall in love with football
 
find out more 





the weetabix discovery watch our new advert, sit tight for a discovery of national importance


 







follow us on social media  









this error message is only visible to wordpress admins
error: no users set. 









this error message is only visible to wordpress admins
error: no users set. 


 







have you had yours?



faqs
sitemap
terms & conditions
privacy policy
competition privacy policy
accessibility
how we use cookies
modern slavery statement
gender pay gap report 2024
 


follow us

© weetabix 2025 

























