









































college admissions at the university of chicago










      skip to main content
    















the college


 login/create account


contact us


contact me

















main navigation


visit


apply


first-year applicants


application plans


first-generation applicants


rural & small-town applicants


questbridge applicants


home-schooled applicants


international applicants


chicago public schools


veterans




transfer applicants


preparing for college


class of 2028 profile


essay questions




academics


areas of study


research opportunities


faculty


academic advising & support


study abroad


libraries and museums




financial support


applying for aid


int'l student financial aid


transfer student financial aid


how we determine need


scholarships


contact financial aid




campus life


housing & dining


traditions and events


activities


athletics


international students


diversity


campus, hyde park, chicago










with the release of edii admissions on friday, february 14th (late afternoon), we want to take a moment to say thank you—you are all extraordinary! you colored your emotions, brought back dated slang, and created your own estimation problems. you are truly among the most brilliant, ambitious, and academically qualified students in the world. it is a privilege to have shared in your ideas and accomplishments and to have gotten to know you better.
















with the release of edii admissions on friday, february 14th (late afternoon), we want to take a moment to say thank you—you are all extraordinary! you colored your emotions, brought back dated slang, and created your own estimation problems. you are truly among the most brilliant, ambitious, and academically qualified students in the world. it is a privilege to have shared in your ideas and accomplishments and to have gotten to know you better.




















uchicago's motto: crescat scientia; vita excolatur. let knowledge grow from more to more and so be human life enriched.








let knowledge grow from more to more . . . 
uchicago is dedicated to changing the world by asking tough questions, conducting ground-breaking research, and cultivating a community of extraordinary scholars regardless of background or financial ability. our prestegious tradition continues with academic excellence, numerous nobel laureates, and new scientific discoveries.



uchicago students succeed beyond the classroom
with access to 4,500+ paid, substantive internships, unparalleled support in preparation for medical and law schools, uchicago students find success in whatever field they pursue. at graduation, 99% of the class of 2023 had a job offer or other substantive post-college plans. learn more about uchicago career advancement.








your application is more than a number
from every part of the world, students of varied origins come to uchicago to grow as scholars, thinkers, and people. each goes through the same holistic application process.

first-year applicants
rural and small town applicants
international
transfers
veterans








get to know uchicago
discover what makes uchicago a place of fearless inquiry, intellectual curiosity, and free expression all in the heart of a liberal arts college.

visit
virtual tour
uchicago visits you
sign me up








an education free from financial burden
uchicago provided over $200 million in financial support to its students in 2022, ensuring all students can attend uchicago free from financial burden. streamlined financial aid and application processes, generous need-based and merit-based financial aid, and personalized career guidance grant you the freedom to fully immerse yourself in the enriching academic environment at uchicago.

odyssey scholarship program
first generation scholarships
merit scholarships
no application fee
debt-free graduation









academics


majors,minors +
uchicago offers over 50 majors, 40 minors, and many areas of study




core curriculum
learn about uchicago's renowned core cirriculum




careersuccess
career advancement empowers uchicago undergraduates to apply their world-class education to a fulfilling career.








          summer at uchicago
        

          discover the awesome course opportunities uchicago has for high school, undergrad, and international students in the uchicago summer session. 
        







          navigating college admissions
        

          in our podcast series, navigating college admissions, we sit down with admissions experts to talk about the process of applying to college. not just uchicago. any college!
        








          information for
        


counselors and  educators


as your partners in this process, uchicago admissions counselors are dedicated to providing clear information, honest advice, and a respectful attitude.




parents, guardians, and families


you are a vital partner in your child's college search process. we recognize that as a parent or guardian you have unique concerns (and maybe even a little anxiety) about sending your child to college for the first time.




community-basedorganizations


at the university of chicago we partner with community-based organizations (cbos) to help create college-going cultures in underserved communities.
























          the university of chicago
          college admissions
          rosenwald hall 105
          1101 e. 58th street
          chicago, il 60637
phone: 773.702.8650




apply online
privacy information
non-discrimination
common sense
accessibility




publications
videos
podcasts
stay informed
visitor map (pdf)

















