










































    
    georgia fishing best charter fishing the georgia coast
  
  



















           



       home



  captain mark noble



  thunder chicken



  gift ideas



  classes



  videos



  videoswith tvicons



  bull red drum 1 day tournament



  tarpon shark bull red drum



  just caught 2021



  inshore



  off shore fishing



  kids trips



  things to know



  contact



  about us



  find us



  customer reviews





    

 

 

 







     

book now





 





          
georgia fishing


     





    

 

 

fishing with the best!!! fishing-what else is there? there are many things to do in the world-but fishing is the most exciting activity on the water. conditions are always changing-weather, moon, tides, storms, rain, sunshine, etc., fish are always changing their conditions also-they move around as much as people sometimes-some like it hot-some prefer the cooler temperatures! so the fishing environment is continuously changing! therefore, depending on the type of fishing you are interested in-this is the place you want to be.captain mark noble has dedicated his life to fishing-not just fishing here in the golden isles but all around the worldperhaps you are visiting the golden isles for vacation, sight seeing, maybeeven working in the area, or just traveling through and desire to get in a littlefishing, or a lot of fishing.the fishing center

is just where you want to be.   


  





   
     

register here


 register  now- thru september15, 2024 $150/boatearly registration fee



       






 1st, 2nd and 3rd place trophies and cash




  what great family fun! 10th annual bullred tag and release tournament

we're here to create fantastic memories with you and your friends, families, co-workers and anyone else you would like to share some time with.
join us for one of the most fun filled annual tournaments-that kids are winners- this yr. call and register todayregistration after september 15, 2024$175/boatwe also have captains available for this event912-638-7673
  

learn more




   
welcome to fishing with captain mark noble and the fishing center of st. simons island, ga. we are a full service georgia inshore, near shore, as well as offshore and deep sea (gulf stream)  fishing charter service located in the golden isles of georgia.we are also the only office located in the golden isles.so come on by and  join us for an exciting day of fishing in the  golden islesinshore fishing:spotted sea trout
red drum
flounder
sheep head
black drumnearshore fishing:the elusive triple tail (a local favorite)shark
whiting sport fishing:tarponbull red drummany varieties of sharks, tarponmany other game fish found in the abundant waters of the area barrier islands.the st simons fishing centeroffersthe only air conditioned/heated office with the benefits of a safe, paved parking lot, restaurant (for a relaxing drink before/after fishing) a clean restroom, as well as  meeting your captain  in a safe environment 25ft center console fishing boat35ft insetta with head-plush seating-live bait wells-stereo sound and more (luxury offshore fishing boat) trips to the gulf stream give lisa a call 912-638-7673 



for a chartered fishing trip with one of the captains of the st. simons fishing center go farther out for :cobiabarracudaking and spanish mackerelamberjackred snappervermilion snappereveryone is welcome from the novice first timer, to the extremely seasoned pro, and especially children.help us incorporate joyful memories into your families annual fishing trips!just give us a call.families, individuals, as well as groups and corporate businesses arewelcome! 




     


mikel simons bucket list 1st tarpon

 

   





     


  





     


 cobia are on the move -come get yours! they are everywhere!

  


  


  





   
 




   
 





   
  

call us


 

  

find us





   georgia outdoor writer's association award 1st place in excellency craft awards for the tv

cefus mcrae

spinner sharks with cefus

offshore fishing with cefus 
golden isles activities


 gon reviews


articles written byron brooksmike and sandy 



   shows with o'neill outsidenew shows from o'neill outside 2016


   
sponsors are listed below


   
 

 


 
 


  

 thunder chicken


     





    




   
 drop a line
   name:

 email:

 message:


 phone number




thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later

  

more photos and info :)

reviews trip advisor reviews

thank you for the most awesome fishing experience ever. i was with the group you took out on friday. we had the best time. i can't wait to come back and bring my grandchildren.you were a blessing to our family making memories that we will treasure for a lifetime.i pray that the lord blesses you and lisa you both know how to treat people and make their fishing experience best it could possibly be. keep up the great work.debbie escalante    october 18, 2019  

    

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button








  share

 tweet

 share

 mail












      find us  

romans 10:9-10



   follow us
  

 




  

call us

 business hours
  sun - sat
 6:00 am 
- 6:00 pm






   

contact us

 captain mark noble104 marina drivest. simons island, ga 31522912-634-1219





















































































































  
  share by:








