





malaga bank - safe.  sound.  local.  welcome to malaga bank.



















  skip to main content







malaga bank will be closed monday, february 17th, in observance of presidents' day. you can still get quick and easy access to your accounts through our online banking or mobile app. not enrolled? call us during our regularly open business hours to speak to a customer service representative to get started.
 
malaga bank does not ask for personal information via text message or e-mail. if you receive any of these requests and have provided any personal banking information, please contact your local branch immediately.










login
login





                      username
                      

forgot username

                      password
                      

forgot password
log in




                  sign up for online banking today!
personal banking
business banking





          routing number:  322286120
        


toggle navigation










home


personal 


checking


savings and money market accounts


certificates of deposit


services


digital wallet


ics® and cdars®




business 


business team


checking


savings and money market accounts


services


lending




lending 


lending team


multi-family loans


1-4 units


commercial real estate loans


business loans


home equity loc


credit review




about us 


locations


directors & officers


press releases


financials


ceo message


career opportunities


testimonials




community 


serving the community


partnerships




security 


online and mobile security


business security tips


fraud awareness


resources




contact us




      call us! 310-375-9000
    













$5,000 anniversary celebration sweepstakes | february 14 - march 14, 20254.00% apy* | rate for 3 & 5 year cdsvoted south bay's best bank | malaga bank has won best bank 9 times!ready for a change? | south bay's best. where the community banks.you deserve a local bank | with the financial strength you can trust.can you identify a scam? | being aware is the first step to avoiding fraud.









safe.  sound.  local.  welcome to malaga bank.

monday, january 18, 2016 3:36:00 pm





when was the last time a bank teller greeted you by name? when was the last time a bank president did? at malaga bank it happens every day. while other banks claim to give personal service, at malaga bank we actually deliver it. here at malaga, customers aren't simply customers; they're also friends and neighbors. in fact, many of our customers have been banking with us since the day we opened our doors in 1985.




personal accounts
let us help you find an account that fits your lifestyle.



business accounts
our accounts work for your business or non-profit organization.



lending
our lending team is here for you from start to finish! see how we can structure a customized solution just for you.



locations
branch and loan center hours








business banking for professionals
your business deserves a team of experienced bankers. at malaga, we offer competitive banking products and services for your business needs. our business banking solutions come with the excellent level of service you deserve and the flexibility of local responsive decision makers working directly with you.
bank with confidence



banking solutions for nonprofits
we are true partners with our non-profit clients in the south bay. every day, we take the time to listen to our non-profits’ needs and offer effective banking solutions to help you successfully run your organization. we are also involved with volunteering and donating to local causes. our non-profit banking is tailored to the needs of your organization with interest-earning checking, unlimited check writing, no monthly service fee, and more.
check out community events









custom tailored loans to meet your needs
malaga bank specializes in apartment, commercial, and investment real estate financing in southern california. as a portfolio lender, we have the ability to structure the right loan for you. real estate is a local business, so choose a local bank and local lender for your real estate loan and refinancing needs.
meet your lenders






bauer 5-star ranking
for over 15 years, bauer financial incorporated, the nation's leading independent bank rating and research firm, has consistently awarded malaga bank its highest 5-star superior rating.  malaga bank was awarded bauer’s premier 5-star rating for the 68th consecutive quarter in december 2024.
we are proud and grateful to receive the respected 5-star bauer financial ranking, a recognition that reflects our steadfast dedication to financial strength and stability. this accolade underscores our commitment to providing customers with a safe, strong, and local banking experience, continuing our tradition of relationship-based banking and legendary customer service.




























© 2025. malaga bank. all rights reserved.







online privacy statement
privacy policy
terms and conditions
security and browser requirements
accessibility statement
legal notice
site map





    need help?





        send us a message
        we'll respond as soon as we can


        set or change a card pin number
        800-992-3808


        report a lost or stolen card
        1 888-562-5242

malaga bank is committed to ensuring the safety of your financial information. to protect you, please do not send confidential information such as social security numbers, account numbers, login names or passwords when communicating via our online form or email.












