



 


















project portfolio management software : automation centre



















productsbusiness software


project tracker
support tracker
time tracker
purchase tracker
payment tracker
expense tracker
customer tracker
invoice tracker
asset tracker
personnel tracker
data warehouse
audit tracker



solutionstailored for your needs

project & portfolio management
purchase to pay
it operations
audit management



customersour success stories


our companycompany overview

contact
latest press release
latest release notes



free trial/demosexperience it now!

try our software now!
video demonstrations
flowcharts/processes
product screenshots














business application software that works for you
tracker suite helps you manage customers, resources and finances. select from our wide range of products created to simplify your business management.






flexible and customizable web-based solutions
tracker suite software is available in modular, integrated suites, allowing organizations to select the applications they want to assemble the solution they need.












experience success
automation centre customers enjoy improved efficiencies, increased productivity and streamlined operations.






/










want to test drive our business software solutions?
register today for immediate access to our free unlimited 30 day trial.
request a free trial





three platforms from which to choose
we build collaborative solutions for microsoft outlookâ®, lotus notesâ® in conjunction with our product line of powerful, 100% web based solutions.






microsoft outlookâ® based softwareoptimize your outlook email platform







web-based online applicationsconnect to the cloud







lotus notesâ® based softwareleverage notes it resources













software that turns your business woes into your business wows!
our business management software is easy to use, responsive and scalable.







instinctive design
powerful layouts with responsive functionality that is easy-to-use and navigate.







mobile friendly display
looks beautiful & ultra-sharp and is be adaptable to any screen size or device







powerful performance
optimized code that is open-sourced (for licensed model only) and delivers unmatched fast performance.








un-paralleled support
automation centre provides unlimited support options for your key personnel.







unmatched possibilities
complete control on each & every product that provides endless confguration possibilities.







extensive documentation
complete product documentation is available.







helpful video presentations
automation centre created bizco, a fictitious company, to illustrate how our tracker software integrates into typical organizational processes. choose your platform, and enjoy the videos!













... for the web
our powerful, 100% web-based solution














... for microsoft outlook
leverage outlook with our powerful business solutions














tracker suite for lotus notes
award winning software for lotus notes/ domino








our customers
tracker applications automate workflows common to almost all organizations, improving efficiencies, streamlining processes and increasing productivity. tracker customers span an array of industries, from government to manufacturing. all of them have realized a rapid roi from the simple deployment and rapid adoption of tracker applications. read their stories


























                        tracker suite products come with unlimited customization & options.solutions tailored to your needs. learn more 













we believe in programming simple, creative & flexible software solutions.browse our website to learn how your company can benefit from our tracker suite software.




recent announcements




tracker suite version 7.0 release notes available. click to learn more.


october 2023






 automation centre will be sponsoring the national state auditors association it workshop and conference in madison, wisconsin from september 27th to september 30th. for additional information, please visit: nsaa 2021 it or email info@acentre.com.


september 2021






 automation centre will be sponsoring the national association of state auditors, comptrollers and treasurers annual conference in san diego, ca from august 14th to august 18th. for additional information, please visit: nasact annual conference or email info@acentre.com.


august 2021






tracker suite in june's issue of hr tech outlook


june 2020






tracker suite named one of top ten workforce management solutions


april 2020






tracker suite version 6.0 release notes available. click to learn more.


january 2020






 automation centre announces tracker suite 6.0 released. click to learn more.


january 2020






 automation centre announces tracker suite 5.2 released. click to learn more.


september 2018






 automation centre announces tracker suite 5.2 release september 1st, 2018. click to learn more.


august 2018






 automation centre will be attending the national association of state auditors it workshop and conference in savannah, georgia from january 30th to february 1st.  for additional information, please visit: https://www.nasact.org/2018_nsaa_it or email info@acentre.com.


july 2018






 automation centre will be attending the national association of state auditors conference in biloxi, mississippi from june 12 to june 13.  for additional information, please visit: https://www.nasact.org/2018_nsaa or email info@acentre.com.


may 2018






 automation centre announces general availability of tracker suite 5.1 learn more...


september 2017






 tracker suite version 5 business software is released. learn more...


october 2016






automation centre launches new website in conjunction with targeted marketing


october 2016






tracker suite now integrated with salesforce.com


september 2016












total end users



satisifed customers





automation centre:
                                        3849 east broadway boulevard
                                        suite 304
                                        tucson, az 85716

phone: (520) 882-9287

email: info@acentre.com












						copyright © 1994 to 2023. all rights reserved by automation centre, l.c.
privacy policyterms and conditions



 info@acentre.com ·  520-882-9287
					















