


anyseals inc.









































this website uses cookies to analyze the traffic. information on the use of our website is therefore transferred to google.
accept




call 866-676-9934
email: info@anyseals.com

contact

en


								english							

								français							

								español							




















products / shop


tutorials


compounds


applications


company


downloads






 





				products / shop			

				tutorials			

				compounds			

				applications			

				o-rings with food approvals			

				overview			

				drinking water, food and pharmaceutical applications			

				profile rings wr-15 acc. din 3869			

				pressure resistant oil seal os-pa31			

				fkm shaft seals			

				v-rings			

				x-rings			

				evolast® ffkm			

				high performance fkm			

				petrochemical applications			

				shaft repair sleeves			

				company			

				quality assurance			

				news			

				downloads			

				contact			

				terms and conditions			

				privacy policy			



shop


    anyseals - where distributors go!      welcome to anyseals      high quality ptfe sealson stock and ready to ship products                     












professional customer serviceat anyseals our customers come first. our professional and friendly team will earn your confidence, providing you with unmatched support throughout the life of your project. from beginning to end, we deliver world-class customer service for 100% satisfaction. 





shop.anyseals.com our eshop is designed to deal with the precise needs of the technical trade. we provide you with a broadly diverse but simultaneously easy-to-use selection system for product searches. you can get delivery and price information extremely fast and you can comfortably place an order. shop 



global sourcinganyseals, inc is a leading global and u.s. supply chain specialist, providing superior quality rubber o-rings, oil seals, hydraulic seals, radial shaft seals, custom rubber products and specialty seals... services 



quality controlas your trusted industrial sealing supplier, we offer end to end globally sourced high quality products from approved and certified production companies ( iso 9001:2008 or iso ts 16949 ). we are proud to offer our customers 100% inspection on o-rings for dimensions and flash. quality control  









custom labeling, bar coding, bagging and kitting programswhether it’s a custom labeling, bar coding, bagging or a special kitting program, anyseals, inc has the solutions to fit your specific needs. simply let us know what parts you need and we will do the rest. 





about usanyseals is a full-line wholesale sealing supplier located in cleveland, ohio. we have an extensive inventory and can provide you prompt delivery of o-rings, oil and grease seals, ptfe seals and rings, hydraulic seals, pneumatic seals, custom molded rubber products, wipers, circlips and guiding elements. we are also a proud member of isd. 








testimonials



  bob n., business owner employees make a company and that is why anyseals is a great company to work with. very responsive and willing to help out in any way possible. anyseals has always been a company we can count on.   tom g., business owner anyseals has been a supplier to our company for over 10 years and is now considered one of our core suppliers of rubber sealing products. anyseals has become one of our preferred suppliers due to their dedication and commitment to consistently provide us with good quality products at competitive prices, as well as outstanding customer service and on time deliveries. we value anyseals as a supplier and look forward to a long and successful business relationship in the future.  

 











evolast® – ffkmffkm materials are elastomers ­offering the highest chemical and heat ­resistance. some ffkm types can be ­exposed to temperatures over 300°c. the resistance to chemicals is ­nearly ­universal and ­comparable to that of ptfe. read more 

extensive technical information:you will find detailed technical information regarding the quality, materials, operating parameters, installation spaces, installation, storage and more on numerous types of seals. size lists for a variety of product types can be created.via the anyseals e-shop material specification sheets can be accessed for all of the materials on offer. downloads 








– where distributors go 



anyseals inc.10391 brecksville roadbrecksville, ohio 44141usatel. 866-676-9934fax 216-676-9935info@anyseals.comwww.anyseals.com 

anyseals nvheadquarter preenakker 2-4 1785 merchtembelgiumtel. +32 (0)52 38 19 20info@anyseals.euwww.anyseals.eu 

anyseals nvoffice germanyhagenau 122089 hamburggermanytel. +49 (0)40 25 32 92 11info@anyseals.euwww.anyseals.eu 

anyseals nvoffice taiwan12f-2, 31 shizheng north 1st rd.xitun dist. taichung 40756taiwantel. +886 4 22515813mobile +886 933 580148 info@anyseals.twwww.anyseals.tw 



anyseals is an angst+pfister company. for more information, please refer to the angst+pfister website. 


© 2025 anyseals


contact
terms and conditions
privacy policy












