
















city college | degrees and diplomas in healthcare



































































































































                                            (407) 831-9816                                        




                                            student login
                                        


















                            (407) 831-9816                        








teach out updates & announcements
transcript request
payment
campus safety & security report
teach out updates
transcript request
student portal
payment
 





















































important announcement: 
city college ceases enrollment and remains open through the teach out phase 




after many years of providing quality education in the state of florida, city college has made the difficult decision to cease enrollment starting with the fall 2024 term and teach out its existing programs.throughout the years, it has been an honor to witness the impact that city college’s alumni have had within our communities and the state of florida. the mission of city college has been to educate and train students in their chosen major for employment in specific career fields to support our employers in providing well-qualified candidates who possess the technical and soft skills to meet their workforce needs.city college understands the impact of this decision and has always prided itself on its commitment to its student body: one that we have every intention of maintaining through all steps of the teach-out phase. city college will assist students to graduate or continue their studies elsewhere and will outline a clear pathway for them to earn their degrees. that transition will be guided by a formal institutional teach-out plan, as required by the accrediting bureau of health education schools and the florida commission for independent education. the plan will enable the teach-out process to progress in an organized manner to minimize the impact on the students and college community.the campuses will continue to provide support services to students including academic advisement, tutoring services, transfer assistance, resume writing and placement assistance. the college’s human resource department will be available as a resource to assist faculty, administrators, and staff with their career transition.in addition to communication already provided to staff and students, city college intends to continue to provide accurate information as it becomes available.it has been a privilege to provide the education that has helped so many students enhance their lives, as well as their communities. we are thankful for the support that city college has received from our partners and our community throughout the years. for further information please contact brian quirk at info@citycollege.edu. 































request a transcript























































﻿









city college is institutionally accredited by the accrediting bureau of health education schools (abhes). licensed by the commission for independent education, florida department of education. additional information regarding this institution may be obtained by contacting the commission at 325 west gaines street, suite 1414, tallahassee, fl 32309-0400, toll-free telephone number (888)224-6684.	


 
















©  city college  


privacy policy

 






































