






fresh ground photography – exploring photography











































fresh ground photography







homelinks
youtube
bluesky









thinking about light
last week i worked on the latest video in my youtube series on flash photography. i have already uploaded the first clip in the series as an introduction to using flash. i’ve recorded and edited a second video and i’m now ready for the voiceover audio to be recorded. however, in that time i have… 



an introduction to flash photography
i mentioned in the last post that i had been working on a sister project to this blog: the freshgroundphotography youtube channel. but if you follow this blog then please don’t worry as i won’t be stopping my posts here, i enjoy writing them too much. this evening i was thinking about my next video.… 



winter developments
i haven’t been posting so much over the last few months – and that is partly down to some lovely major life events happening last autumn … however … a lot of my time has also been taken up with a new youtube channel which i started in november last year. the channel began when… 



it felt like spring
january can be a tough month. it’s cold, winter is still here, and the bright lights of christmas have faded. but i like the naive optimism of the start of a new year, a fresh start, a clean slate. and days like today just reinforce that feeling for me. after getting our mundane saturday morning… 



a chilly new year’s walk
blwyddyn newydd dda i chi gyd – happy new year to all. i’ve had a few short walks since the start of 2025 and this time i took my camera along with me. to be honest, i wasn’t expecting to get many photographs today as the weather was cold, drizzly and overcast, and with the… 



older posts→











© john ewart 2025fresh ground photography







skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








