














flying fish fleet - chartered fishing trips by the flying fish fleet
























































book your trip 941-366-3373








home
trips

flying fish & flying fish ii
big catch
group charters


split charters
faq’s
contact
 


select page


  
 



 





 































































sarasota fishing charters
for over sixty years, the flying fish fleet has provided sarasota fishing charters to anglers from all over world.  the fleet of three boats offer our customers a complete range of offshore fishing opportunities on the beautiful gulf of mexico.  our friendly experienced crew work tirelessly to provide the best possible deep sea fishing experience to everyone from first time fishing families to the experienced angler.

the flying fish and flying fish ii are united states coast guard inspected vessels offering family friendly 4½, 6 hour and 8 hour party fishing trips on the gulf of mexico.

big catch is our offshore 43’ hatteras private charter boat.  she carries up to 6 guests, includes a full line of custom fishing tackle, and is professionally staffed by both a captain and mate for the ultimate private charter fishing experience.

book online now

customer reviews
             jim potts  2024-06-27    great trip, great crew, lots of fish, lots of fun             christie crain  2024-06-22    what a great  experience!! from top to bottom the staff and owners have been
fantastic. they shouldn't be punished for
sore muscles today!! thanks for a great
experience!.             len limbacher  2024-06-05    the crew was spot and very attentive. the captain was great had us on fish the whole time we were fishing.             david diehl  2024-06-01    we took my mom and dad and three kids on our fishing trip with flying fish. it was a blast. brought home some tasty fish and the kids can't stop talking about their time on the sea. thanks for having us!             s caz  2024-05-30    what a wonderful day we had! courteous, helpful crew and a big clean boat with lots of elbow room. class act. bathrooms! will definitely book more 6 hr trips in the very near future!! did i say bathrooms?             jesse chupella  2024-05-09    just had an amazing trip with these guys... 6 hour trip, non-stop action... definitely worth the $ to go with solid local experience. alex & brice are the real deal, will be back again!             steve marlow  2024-04-20    great fishing trip: weather was perfect, the (although generally small) were plentiful, and the crew was exceptionally helpful and friendly the entire trip.       load more     google rating score: 4.4 of 5, based on 259 reviews      











what's new!
 
all three of our boats survived hurricane milton. our office sustained significant damage so we are working remotely as we undergo repairs. please call us at 941-366-3373 or book online.
red grouper and lane snappers  reopened on january 1st. whole boat and split charters are available on big catch, our 6 person boat. call for more information.
we bleach all our boat surfaces after every trip. for the safety of the passengers and crew we ask that if you are not feeling well to please reschedule your trip for a future date.
our crew works primarily for tips.  as in restaurants, a 20% gratuity is customary for good service & greatly appreciated by our crew. their jobs are hard. they are working from 2 hours before the trip until 2 hours after the trip. a 20% gratuity will be collect at check in for parties of 6 people or more.
only snacks and beverages are available for cash purchase in our galley. you are welcome to bring your own food & drink (no glass bottles please).
















industry partners and sponsors
we gratefully acknowledge the support of our corporate manufacturer’s and sponsors, penn fishing tackle, yosuri lures and line, simrad and lowrance electronics, icey-tek coolers.  the flying fish fleet continually strives to offer our customers the best fishing experiences possible.  we could not do so without having the access and guidance from the best manufacturers in the business.
thank you all!

        


















in the community
         







 








 
 
 



home
trips
split charters
faq’s
contact
 
 






facebook




instagram


copyright © 2017 flying fish fleet. all rights reserved. | webtivity designs -
sarasota website design & development.  

 
 
 

































