










crow wing lake campground - brainerd mn camping


























































skip to content

















 





























 
recreationratesabout uslayoutlocationphoto gallerycontacthome



























recreation 














rates 














about us 














location 














home 














contact 














layout 

























family memories to be made just 2 hours from the twin cities! crow wing camp is located just 10 miles south of brainerd/baxter, and 20 miles north of little falls on highway 371.
crow wing lake campground lies on 30 wooded acres of mature trees, on the shores of 400 acre - crow wing lake. we have 80 full hook up sites (some seasonal) and 20 electric/water sites. each site comes with its own picnic table and fire ring. our full hook up and most of the electric/water sites also have a 7’ x 20’ cement patio for a more enjoyable camping adventure. most of our sites offer shade. the sites in yellow on the map do not have a cement patio.
the campground also offers full service restrooms, laundry facilities, fish cleaning house, boat launch, docks, slips and an on-site store.
our camp store has a variety of things that you might need, or forgot to pack! we have groceries, a variety of beverages, snacks, pizzas, souvenirs, camping equipment and a whole slew of other things! you can also rent pontoons, canoes, funyaks, paddleboat, and paddleboards here.
check out all the fun things to do on our recreation page!






each rv campsite has (7'x20') concrete patios, fire ring and picnic table
to make your camping experience more enjoyable.
lakeside camping at its finest!












 
























 
recreationabout uslayoutlocationcontact ushome





crow wing campground
2393 crow wing camp road · brainerd, mn 56401 · 218-829-6468

to learn more about our area look here!
brainerd.com






© 2024 crow wing camp. all rights reserved. | site by midwest captions, inc.









 











