


mapsurfer.com




























































 







  







 




 







 



 


 



  



 


 



  



 


 



  



 


 



  



 


 



  



 


 



 




 


 








 


 



  



 


 



  



 


 



  



 









 








 








welcome
                                          to mapsurfer.com



 


  welcome to my
                                        corner of the web and the fusion of my
                                        interests in trail running,
                                        globetrotting, puzzles, writing, the
                                        outdoors, semiotics, treasure
                                        hunting, and much more -- one baroque collection of
                                        maps -- a workout for brain, body, and
                                        being.  i think that ridiculously oversized
                                        banner captures my primary interests pretty well.
                                      
                                         my background is in information
                                          technology and economics, even having co-authored
an
                                            rfc, but my website is mostly about my
                                          interests, not my work. unfortunately, neither of these
                                          involve building or operating websites.  you've been warned :)
 



 


  


 


  
                                        many people who visit my
                                        website are hunting for treasure; either of the
                                      silver kind or the treasurebox kind.  (other kinds
                                      may be added in the future, with or without notice :))
                                      my blog is focused on the
                                      former, hopefully offering useful tips, and
                                        the mapsurfer
                                          treasureboxes are focused on the latter.
                                         
                                          the treasureboxes are based loosely
                                          on the 160 year old pastime of letterboxing,
                                          an intriguing mix of treasure hunting,
                                          puzzle solving, stamp art, and hiking
                                          or trail running. the idea is to find
                                          a cool place and leave a treasure
                                          there in the form of a unique stamp,
                                          and to write clues, like a treasure
                                          map or outdoor puzzle, for others to
                                          work out and lead them to the spot.
                                          or, alternatively, to decrypt others'
                                          clues and leave your mark once you
                                          find the spot they lead to. 
 my interest is in writing
                                          interesting and innovative treasure
                                          hunts; which hopefully i've done, at least on some of them. 
                                          my outdoor puzzles often
                                          take quite a bit of perseverance and
                                          insight to solve; i hope you get the
                                          chance to enjoy a few of them as much
                                          as i enjoyed devising them. 
 
                                          while i'm off the letterboxing mainstream, i'm not
                                          totally clueless -- in 2003 i wrote
                                          the original book on the pastime of
                                          north american letterboxing,  
                                              the letterboxer's companion
                                          (now in its second printing). this is
                                          cool -- ever since i was a kid, i had
                                          a dream of writing a book which
                                          included embedded clues to treasure in
                                          the outdoors. i may even do that again :) 
                                          i also co-founded the letterboxing
                                            north america web site in 1998
                                          and wrote the original
                                            faq (both managed by others
                                          now, as has been the case for nearly 10 years), 
                                          and in 1999 became the first to
                                          find 100 american letterboxes. who knew you
                                          would put more hobby cv than career cv on your
                                          personal website?
                                          
                                         i've also take commissions to write
                                          treasure hunts, with an emphasis on
                                          puzzles, problem solving, geography,
                                          and general cleverness. if you're in
                                          the market for a treasure hunt writer,
                                          and who isn't, e-mail
                                            me.  



 


  


 


 



                                          what happened to orienteering?  its a cool sport, but there are
                                      cooler sports, that are more in
                                      keeping with the general fusion of my interests.  it is easy to come
                                      to these conclusions when life hits you in the face, and you have time 
                                      to contemplate these things, and realise what all your hard work, expense, and
                                      loyalty really meant.  i think it is human nature to seek out more rewarding 
                                      pursuits during those times, and, fortunately, such pursuits exist.  
                                      i do hope to race again,
                                      but i am waiting for improved geographical diversity, improved race formats,
                                      improved race quality, and improved organizational acumen.  mr. godot will not
                                      be here today, but he will be here tomorrow.
                                        
                                       
                                          but, i have some very fond memories of the sport, including those two
                                         national relay champs, so we'll keep those pics around below.  
                                         i miss the exotic
                                         race locations in europe, asia, and south america.  some of my fondest
                                         memories include being named to the us standing team a few times (tho
                                         admittedly at the lowest level), finishing 15th in a world ranking race
                                         (tho admittedly at an obscure location), and being ranked, at my highest,
                                         311th in the world.  i don't know if that is all that good, but i was
                                         certainly happy about it at the time. perhaps i'll write up the good, the
                                         bad, and the ugly of my orienteering experiences someday; i'll certainly keep some of the 
                                         travelogues around.
                                         
                                         in any case, i encourage you to give the sport a try.  for many, it will be quite rewarding.
                                           


 
 
  the 2003 us orienteering
                                            national championship relay team.
                                            we're the well-dressed lot in the
                                            middle.  
  
  the 2006 us orienteering
                                            national championship relay team.
                                            we're on the left this time. 

 



  


 







 

























© 1998-2017 mapsurfer.com. all rights reserved. 
              credits
              | terms
                of use | contact
                






