













range rider truck canopy manufacturing





































































 
















 


menu
skip to content




shop

vista range / mark iicruiser / mark iapex
galleryour storydealer locationscontact us 











range rider 



your truck canopy experts since 1983 




high quality material
over three decades in the industry
 


















cruiser / mark i
canopy
shop all 








apex
canopy
shop all 








vista range / mark ii
canopy
shop all 











how our custom process works 











 







choose from 5 canopy styles compatible with your truckchoose from our wide range, customized orders are also available. 
 



choose the paint colour, accessories, tinting, and much morebe sure to choose the color and accessories to meet your needs. 



have your canopy installedour team of experts will install your canopy and double check seals and latches. 











new home of arrow canopies 



range rider truck canopy is proud to be the new home of arrow canopy products and accessories. from sporty, custom fits to utility grade, canada-based arrow has a solid reputation as the go-to product in the truck canopy industry. 



distribution within canada and the united states
constructed using top quality material, increased fibreglass chop, 
cromax quality paint with clear coat
strong and durable windows

you can rest assured your canopy will last a lifetime. 






shop our canopies











 











shop nowpopular

vistavista range / mark ii 
our “high rise” edition offers you maximum height for optimum load capacity and functionality. this unit is cab high at the front and increases in height as it gently slopes up to the rear of your truck. with the vista range you have a choice of sliding side window with a fixed bay window, or a longer sliding side window.

(0 reviews)
$2,130.00 – $2,395.00
select options

cruisercruiser / mark i 
our #1 best seller, “the cruiser” is our cab high design built sturdy and practical. this unit comes standard painted to match your truck, tinted tempered glass side windows and tinted tempered glass framed rear gate with two locking t-handles.

(0 reviews)
$1,995.00 – $2,135.00
select options

outfitterapex 
the sleek curves and stylish design of the range rider “apex” gives your truck the suv look. this unit comes with frameless tinted side windows with a “crank out” portion at the rear, plus a frameless rear glass gate with heavy duty hinges, lockable handles, interior fossliner (carpet) and an interior light. this design has limited applications, so please contact range rider or your dealer to see if we have the right fit for you.

(0 reviews)
$1,900.00 – $2,035.00
select options

 















 







commercial canopies 



with over 200 options to choose from, you can create the perfect cap to fit your work needs.  



are's rugged, fully welded frame construction offers years of durable service, no matter what the weather or job. 
 
choose from a wide selection of door and window configurations, colors, toolboxes, and overall cap heights. 






contact us 



















 






















about range rider 



range rider truck canopy has been an industry leader since 1983—supplying north america with truck canopies and tonneau covers of the highest quality and design.we work by informing buyers to determine the best product for their trucking needs. whether you need a canopy for work purposes to protect tools and equipment, or your summer or winter adventures need coverage for boards, bikes, and more, we can help! 






learn more



























compatible with several
vehicle makes and models 









 


previous



next

















 

support 
privacy policy
warranty & returns policy


 

quick link 
shop
gallery
our story
contact
dealer locations


 

social links 


copyright © 2022 
							 range rider all rights reserved  |  web design and development with  by think profits.com inc.  |  privacy policy 































































