



home | italian american community center



























home

membership


become a member


term of membership


members only page


newsletters



about the iacc


officers & directors


facilities


pool


bocce courts


iacc pavilion




events


special-uncle louie variety show


christmas party & tree lighting


columbus day grand gala


ferragosto


friday nights at the pavilion


st anthony's mass & lunch


st patricks-st joseph's mass & brunch


superbowl party




programs & activities


bocce


chair yoga


italian language class


arthur avenue bus trip


yankee baseball bus trip




iacc photos


iacc videos


our sponsors



learn & discover


for your information


regions of italy


recipes



iacc foundation

duo at the dunes


buffets


 






















































welcome to theitalian american community centeralbany, new york































member loginif you are a member of the iacc click the button below for exclusive member only information.

 log in








learn more
























upcoming events




























learn more















learn more









learn more









learn more









learn more















































our club





















the italian american community center located at 257 washington avenue extension in albany, new york












our heated members only swimming pool.












the iacc celebrates the italian american heritage at our annual columbus day grand gala.












prominently displayed the lion statue that once adorned the son's of italy building on madison avenue in albany.












the lion which watches over the iacc building entrance was once housed at vincentian institute in albany, new york.












our st. anthony shrine was built by members to honor the life of st. anthony of padua, who holds a special place in many italian americans hearts. the iacc foundation holds a mass at the shrine each year.












our covered bocee court is home to many competitive bocce games. the iacc has a mens, womens and mixed bocce league.












our roman garden is a great place to hold an outdoor event or ceremony.












our pavilion is a great place to hold an outdoor event. available for rent by members and non-members. it is also the venue for our friday night at the pavilion.












members enjoy 50% off our monday night grand italian buffet.












the iacc hosts great italian performers who dazzle our members with tremondous talent. whether it be a singer, comedian or a one man show the iacc celebrates the italian american culture.































education programs & information











learn & discover

the italian american community center along with its cultural foundation are committed to educating the region on the italian culture. 

learn more







































things to do











club events 

the italian american community center hosts many events that highlight & celebrate the italian heritage. most events are open to the public however members of the club receive a discounted rate.

learn more








































programs & activities














programs&activities


the italian american community center sponsors many programs & activities  that highlight & celebrate the italian heritage. most programs  & activities  are open to the public however members of the club receive a discounted rate.


learn more
























contact us today










address 257 washington avenue ext.albany, new york 12205






office hours mon - fri: 9:30 am- 2:30 pm 






phone number (518) 456-iacc (4222)






email email us here







































contacts

257 washington avenue extensionalbany, new york 12205phone:  (518) 456-iacc (4222) 

contact the iacc


newsletter & announcements





enter your email

field is required
incorrect email



                    you have successfully subscribed to the newsletter
                

                    you were not subscribed. please try again
                

                    you are already subscribed to this newsletter
                


submit















© copyrights 2021 - all rights reserved. designed by   marchese marketing


















