





riverdale farm campsites :: family camping in killingworth, ct
























































home

activities

camping rates

rental rates

site map & rules

travel & attractions



































































                            	call us at(860) 669-5388for reservations!








enjoy the perfect connecticut vacation at riverdale farm campsites!








riverdale farm campsites will open for the 2025 camping 
					season on april 11th! we begin taking reservations on 
					january 15th at 9:00 am. 
					please contact the main office directly at (860) 669-5388 
					for reservation inquiries.
                	
                	
                	
                	 
come discover one of connecticut’s true family vacation 
					gems. part of a 100-acre colonial farm, riverdale farm 
					campsites is nestled between a winding country road and the 
					meandering hammonasset river. a fine choice of spacious 
					sites range from wooded to waterfront to grassy meadow. 
					water, electric and 3-way hook-ups are available, including 
					new 50-amp electric service. on-site rentals are 
					available for those new to the joy of camping, and our wide 
					range of outstanding recreational facilities is unparalleled 
					in the area, assuring your satisfaction with a quality 
					vacation experience.

                	the atmosphere at riverdale farm campsites is best 
					described as friendly and relaxed. we’ve chosen to emphasize 
					quality amenities and full services, while leaving out the 
					glitz and the commotion which are all to often found 
					elsewhere, and we think that you will find the change to be 
					refreshing. leave your stress behind and enjoy your 
					vacation time to its utmost at riverdale farm campsites and 
					the nearby beaches of long island.











recreation

                	new swimming pool in 2025
                	swimming in our spring-fed pond
                	spacious children’s playground
                	lighted tennis court
                	full basketball court
                	twin shuffleboard courts
                	volleyball court
                	softball field
                	horseshoe courts
                	pool tables
                	ping pong
                	video arcade
                	trout fishing on the hammonasset river
                	full schedule of special events
                	
facilities

                	full hookups available
                	50-amp electric servicewi-fi access
                	clean, modern restrooms
                	hot showers
                	large recreation hall
                	fireplace & picnic table at each site
                	spacious pavilion
                	on-site cabin rentals
                	camp store
                	laundromat
                	lp gas (detachable and certified tanks)
                	dumping station (registered guests only)
                	portable dumping service           	
                	


accessibility statement | privacy statement





























riverdale farm campsites
                                                111 river road
                                                clinton, connecticut 06413
                                                




email: riverdalefarmcampsite@comcast.net




phone: (860) 669-5388
                                                fax: (860) 663-2057






















                                ©  riverdale farm campsites. all rights reserved.
                            












































