

















home page | score










        skip to main content
      






        confirm opening of the external link
      

you are now leaving the official score website. you will be redirected to a website beyond our control. this content will open in a new tab.

please review their terms, privacy policies, and relevant information before engaging or providing personal details.

score does not endorse or take responsibility for the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of these third-party websites.

cancel
          
continue
          













use my current location
    
























our hearts go out to those affected by the recent wildfires. if you need help, score mentors are here for you. you can also apply for disaster assistance at sba.gov.

    




















small business success starts here

score can help you start, grow or successfully exit a business. small business owners who receive three or more hours of mentoring report higher revenues and increased growth. enter your zip code to find a free score business mentor today.





zipcode


























          featured success story
        


          k&k painting and more
        


discover how nita kirk turned her 20+ years of painting experience into k & k painting and more, a thriving business known for quality craftsmanship, integrity and strong client relationships. with guidance from her score mentor, gary washington, she navigated business planning, budgeting and marketing. now, nita is expanding into government contracts while providing exceptional service. her advice to aspiring entrepreneurs? “never limit yourself, never stop networking, and always take care of your clients.”


              read the full story
                  















support for small businesses affected by california wildfiresscore mentors are here to support you through all business challenges. our disaster prep and recovery hub offers essential tools, training and resources to help your business recover and remain strong through challenging times. find information on fema and other resources to help your business recover, or request a mentor for personalized guidance.disaster assistance is now available to southern california businesses, homeowners, renters and private nonprofit organizations following the major disaster declaration. the declaration covers los angeles and the contiguous counties of kern, orange, san bernardino, and ventura due to wildfires and straight-line winds that began on january 7.  applicants may apply online and receive additional disaster assistance information at sba.gov/disaster. if you have questions about disaster loans, you can call sba’s customer service center at (800) 659-2955 or email for more information on sba disaster assistance.











            online courses
        









the startup roadmap






learn everything you need to know about starting a business in this 12-module self-paced course. 
                    



                        learn more
                    










getting started with e-commerce






discover how to take your business from brick and mortar to click and order.



                        learn more
                    










simple steps for exiting your business
                          






learn the key steps to successfully plan and execute the sale or transition of your business with expert guidance.



                          view course
                      










small business crisis management






this course will teach you how to navigate small business crises including natural disasters, pr crises, financial downturns and more. 



                          view course
                      






















upcoming events










small business content marketing - planning and creating engaging content


  learn how to create a successful content marketing strategy, produce engaging content and measure performance to enhance your tactics.













mastering small business taxes - a startup guide to taxes


  learn the key aspects of small business taxes to help you enhance your tax literacy and empower your business for financial success.













learn the seo basics and boost your website traffic


  it’s time to learn the seo basics and boost your website traffic. join our webinar, where our expert presenter will guide you through the fundamentals of seo marketing.













the seo implementation blueprint: tools, tactics & techniques


  learn the essential steps of implementing effective seo, from technical fundamentals to advanced optimization techniques.













how to use productivity tools in your business to get things done


  transform your daily chaos into seamless productivity with the right digital tools.













how to use ai to grow your business


  you'll learn how to use ai to increase business efficiency, enhance customer experiences and improve your marketing.
















free templates & resources


leverage these free templates and resources to propel your business toward success, while complementing your journey with the guidance of a score mentor, ensuring a well-rounded strategy for achieving your business goals. with the right tools and expert guidance, your business can thrive and reach new heights.















the startup roadmap: your guide to successfully starting a business



 the startup roadmap outlines each step in starting a business with detailed information and resources. and with score, you don’t have to do it alone.













12 small business tax-saving strategies



  to help small business owners and entrepreneurs save taxes through legitimate and easy ways, we asked experienced entrepreneurs and financial advisors this question for their best strategies. from hiring family members to implementing hsas, there are several simple ways that may help you save taxes.














real estate flipping vs. investing: understanding the differences



  two popular strategies are real estate investing and property flipping. while they might seem similar, they cater to different objectives and have distinct advantages and disadvantages.














how it works



 learn more about score mentoring and how it can help you reach your business goals.













how small businesses can thrive leveraging sba funding



  unlock the potential of your small business with sba loan's benefit programs. explore eligibility, guidelines, and advantages of sba 7a and 504 loans today.














business planning & financial statements template gallery



 download our easy-to-use business planning, finance, sales, marketing, and management templates to help you plan for a new business or grow your existing business.













14 tax preparation resources for small businesses



  from researching aicpa listings to taking free courses, there are several tax preparation resources for small businesses.























           get business advice now. chat live with a mentor.
        

have a quick business question and need it right away? you can use our online chat to connect 1:1 with a mentor. simply click on the chat bubble that appears on the bottom of every page. chat mentors are available:mondays - thursdays, 9 am - 5 pm et. 

              chat now
                  
















          featured chat mentor
        


          robert janesak, score business mentor
        


"i can help small businesses with operations, organizational performance, financial and accounting systems, and financial statement understanding. my prior work experiences in a global corporation include state and local contracting and negotiation, distribution methods, customer relations, process improvement, and strategic planning offering a wide array of business experience. i enjoy working with small business entrepreneurs and can help you with planning and prioritization of the next steps!" -robert janesak


              browse mentor profiles
                  











        score: 60 years of small business success
        
helping 17 million entrepreneurs achieve their dreams
 score proudly celebrates 60 years of helping america’s small businesses launch, grow and thrive. since 1964, more than 17 million entrepreneurs have received support from score, a resource partner of the u.s. small business administration (sba). today, score has a nationwide network of more than 10,000 volunteers serving all 50 u.s. states and territories, guiding entrepreneurs on their path to success.






































connect






      712 h st ne pmb 98848
    
    }
    
      washington, dc 20002
    

      1-800-634-0245
    

sign up for score's newsletter






copyright © 2025 score association, score.org


funded, in part, through a cooperative agreement with the u.s. small business administration. all opinions, and/or recommendations expressed herein are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the sba.
chat generously provided by:
























in partnership with






















        jump back to top
      








