


c a l i f o r n i a























    
	c a l i f o r n i a
	
  
...plan for may 27th 2007



monday, may 07, 2007



	 global day of prayer planning 2007
    


           planning ideas 10 days of prayer view prayer guide (pdf) order prayer guides coordinators guide daily prayers 1 day event event report form event planning guidelines using the prayer for the world prayer for the world last year's events 90 days of blessing what god is doingmobilizing for the ten days of continuous prayermay 17-26, 2007a local coordinator’s guidethis document is designed to help anyone mobilizing prayer for the ten days of continuous prayer. many different kinds of leaders will find this document helpful. you may be a pastor, or a prayer leader of a particular church, or even a citywide servant who mobilizes prayer among many churches. you may be a full-time prayer mobilizer, or a missionary seeking to help local leaders, or perhaps a business leader trying to encourage more prayer. hopefully any kind of leader will find practical ideas for any kind of setting.step one - understand the ten days as part of the gdopbe sure to read through the prayer guide before making too many plans to publish it. you will be able to answer questions and make the best decisions if you have an awareness of its contents. on the 2007 gdop cd you can find the ten day prayer guide in three different formats: in a pdf format in color (not suitable for printing), a word document, or in a text file.three components of gdop. as you know, the global day of prayer is more than just one day. on pentecost sunday, may 27, 2007, there will be one day of united prayer. but it will be preceded by ten days of continuous prayer. and it will be followed by ninety days of blessing, or service among our communities. the ten days of prayer help begin to gather people, to connect churches and and to give many christians a desire for the kind of things we’ll be praying on may 27. these three components is why you will sometimes see the numbers 10•1•90 displayed.basic parts for each day. each day contains the following four parts: a topic, a scripture, specific concerns, and prayer points. the prayers have been prepared by an international group of prayer leaders working in conjunction with the international prayer council.simple biblical focus. the vision and prayer focus of the gdop is for the glory of christ and the blessing of the nations. for an even better grasp of the biblical grounds for each of the daily topics, read through the ten day user’s guide, also found on the 2007 gdop cd.step two - pray and plan with othersgather other leaders to consider what god will have you do to mobilize many thousands or millions to be uniting in prayer during the ten days leading to pentecost. before the first and second gdop events in 2005 and 2006, many millions of believers all over the world were called by their pastors and leaders to unite in prayer during the ten days leading to pentecost. here are some of the reasons they thought the effort was valuable for the event and well beyond the event.the ten day effort helps:a) build relationships of cooperative prayer among the churches. these relationships can last for years beyond the event.b) teach christians how to pray with scripture in relevant ways for critical needs.c) promote the gdop event on pentecost.d) give god an opportunity to guide people to step into specific works of mercy and blessing during the 90 days of blessing.e) clarify how sound the gdop is in theology and focus. the ten day guide helps make it clear that the entire effort is centered on christ, based firmly on the bible, and focused on the challenges that we face, but in biblical hope.f) help christians find ways to pray with persistence, often with a 24/7 pattern that works well in their setting.step three - publish the prayer guidefind the best way to publish the prayer guide for your people. it can be as simple as photocopying a few dozen copies for your local church, or as involved as printing 100,000 copies. the global day of prayer service office is not providing published copies for the languages and countries that need them. like everything else about the gdop, everything is supported and carried out by local leaders. for example, in the usa and canada, the guide is published by a ministry called waymakers. special note for those in north america: the prayer guide is available from waymakers at a very reasonable cost. go to www.waymakers.org for more info.some countries, such as finland, modified the artwork used in the usa. but in other countries, hong kong and turkey, for example, designed their own graphic artwork. they not only translated the text into the local language, they created their own look and style.six steps to publish the prayer guide:step 1. edit and adapt the text.step 2. translate the text.step 3. design the artwork.step 4. print the guides.step 5. promote and distribute the guides.step 6. evaluate.publishing step 1. edit and adaptwe ask that you do not make changes to the basic elements: the daily prayer topics, the selected scriptures, the daily list of concerns, and the prayer points. apart from small changes necessary to avoid offense or confusion, please respect the integrity of the prayer guide. much of the value of the ten days of prayer is that we will be uniting in prayer around the same needs and hopes.the introductory material, however, can be adapted or shortened in a way that is fitting for your setting. for example, in one country, the reference to “a greater pentecost” was deleted because of the concern expressed by a prominent leader. in another setting where the dominant church is of orthodox tradition, the date of pentecost is celebrated at another time. in their case, they minimized references to pentecost. what this means is that you should feel some measure of freedom to adapt the prayer guide so that it invites the widest participation with the clearest focus on the glory of christ and the blessing of the nations.we encourage you to include the “prayer for the world” that we will be praying together on pentecost. please do not make any changes to this prayer. this is the one prayer that everyone will read in prayer on may 27.publishing step 2. translatecheck first to see if it’s been done already. that information should be on the web site www.globaldayofprayer.com. if the translation has been already done, you can learn from the web site how to obtain the translation to publish in your area. of course, find out how and if others may already be publishing what you need. perhaps you can work together with people in other countries or cities.if there is still need for translation please consider carefully if you are able to see that it is done in a quality way. the theological concepts can be tricky to translate well. be sure that the person(s) you are enlisting to translate have the proven ability and the available time to get the job done by the deadline that you will need to set. of course you should consider paying them for their work if that is appropriate in your setting. please make your translation available for other in different parts of the world. communicate with the coordination office of the gdop about your translation. they will be able to pass it on to others.publishing step 3. graphic designthe files available on this disk will help you get started. the text and word documents can be used or modified in many ways.the small color pdf file is not of sufficient quality to have printed. the color design is available at no cost and can be modified for your setting. to use the color photos and files you will need to have a professional graphic artist prepare the artwork from files which are available by special internet connections. see the prayer guide information and guidelines file on this cd about how you can obtain those files.the color files that you see on this cd have been prepared in adobe indesign creative suite and adobe illustrator software. they are very large files which are not on this cd. they are not compatible with corel draw or microsoft publisher or quark express. in some cases the adobe illustrator files can be modified on corel draw or quark express. see the prayer guide information and guidelines file on this cd for more information.publishing step 4. printingdecide how you will reproduce copies. most of the prayer guides around the world will be photocopied. but many millions will be printed, some in black and white, others in four color. many will be published as small booklets, while others will be sheets of paper stapled together. find the best format for your community.what about the cost? put together a reasonable estimate. do not plan on giving the copies away. but be careful not to overestimate what you will receive in payment. people use what they value. and they value what they pay for. ask churches and leaders to help cover the cost of printing in appropriate ways. invite business leaders to contribute to the cost.be careful not to overprint. it will be better to run out of copies than to have expended funds for excess copies.publishing step 5. distributionencourage local church coordinators to act with their pastor’s approval to challenge and equip their church families to pray. build a network of leaders who will influence their circles to participate in the best way. use the distribution of the ten day prayer guides as a way of promoting the pentecost event.publishing step 6. evaluateset a date that you will meet with others to consider how the effort went. what were the surprises? what could have been done differently? what do you think god is saying to you about the gdop in 2008, or 2009, or 2010? please send a copy of your published prayer guide to the south african office of the gdop. let them know how many people you think participated in the ten days of prayer. step four - mobilizethe above six steps are about the practical matters of publishing. but most leaders would consider the heart of the matter to be calling people to pray.here are some of the models for mobilizing prayer that have already emerged in the first two years of the global day of prayer:model one: watchesconsider calling for around the clock prayer meetings or watches. the usual 168 hour week will need to be extended to 240 hours. another way to do this is to invite a church to cover one of the days, and leave it to the church to pray during that day in whatever way they see fit. perhaps they will have a prayer meeting in the evening, or they may set up a ten or twenty-four hour watch. in one city leaders quickly found many more than ten churches who wanted to cover one of the days. they kept adding churches to the list until they had forty or fifty churches, some of the days had six or seven churches. the organizers made efforts to let the churches know what other churches were praying with them.model two: meetingsin one large city with less than 1% christians of any kind, there were only 29 protestant churches. all 29 agreed to unite in prayer during the ten day effort in 2006. they organized three different prayer meetings for each of the ten evenings. some churches with conveniently located buildings hosted more than once, but each of the 29 churches was entrusted with the responsibility to lead one of the prayer meetings. model three: prayer roomsin many cities there are dedicated prayer rooms. sometimes they are part of international networks. most of these leaders have been very happy to make the daily topics one of the primary points of prayer during the ten days. sometimes the daily topic serves as a launching point for prayer. there are many styles and ways to invite this stream of united prayer to take part. many churches have prayer rooms. be sure they are equipped with the prayer guide.model four: add to existing prayer effortsmany churches and mission agencies have prayer guides published for each week or month. with advance planning, many leaders are very happy to use the daily themes and topics of the gdop ten day prayer guides as a way of framing prayer about their ministries or church families.model five: interneta daily posting on web sites or even a daily email can convey the basic prayer information to many. model six: radiowhere there are christian radio stations, it is often possible to arrange for short times of a 60 or 90 seconds to mention the daily topic, read the day’s scripture, and read a short prayer. you can find short prayers which have been carefully written in the user’s guide for the ten day prayer guide. or you can write your own. you can enlist known leaders or pastors to record the prayers weeks or months earlier. model seven: redirect existing prayer meetingsinvite pastors or leaders to focus their existing prayer meetings upon the theme that many millions will be praying on that particular day. your best tool to help leaders guide people to pray in powerful ways with the topics of the day is the user’s guide found on this cd or on the web site www.globaldayofprayer.com.



posted by global day of prayer @ 3:13 pm  
      
  





saturday, january 13, 2007



	 global day of prayer - may 27th, 2007
    


global day of prayer usa         planning ideas 10 days of prayer view prayer guide (pdf) order prayer guides coordinators guide daily prayers 1 day event event report form event planning guidelines using the prayer for the world prayer for the world 90 days of blessing what god is doing



posted by global day of prayer @ 12:28 am  
      
  





friday, june 09, 2006



	 200+ nations! 200+ cities and communities in north america!
    


extraordinary!    >from the depths of my being, i thank god for  what his spirit accomplished through us on the global day of  prayer.   yesterday, i did a google search:  over 9,000  reports of the gdop; hundreds of pages worth.  in all, over  200 nations had registered sites along with over 200 north  american cities and communities, multiple international  broadcasts and a remarkable meeting in the reunion arena,  dallas, tx, that was aired on television and radio across  thousands of broadcast outlets across nearly 200 nations.  hundreds of millions of people prayed filling immense  stadiums, public parks, government centers, grass fields,  church sanctuaries, as well secret places and small quiet  rooms.  thousands gathered in kuwait.  millions across india  and indonesia (jakarta below). 40 million in africa.  tens of  thousands in hong kong, and still more in singapore. scores  of local reports across north america are  coming to me daily from groups of ten to ten thousand  throughout 48 states.  new  england locations are suggesting that the fires of revival are  being stirred once more (see reports at www.praytv.org).   nothing like the gdop has ever happened before but we are  only scratching the surface.  kansas city had several  thousand and they are talking about a stadium in 2007.   houston had nine sites.  10,000 showed up in toronto, ca,  and another 10,000 in calgary.  thirty gathered in a small  rural church in the mountains of new york, and 400 near the  beaches in hawaii, etc.  a tipping point is very near!       did you take part?  tell us!   go to the www.gdopusa.com website and tell us your story.   want to read the international reports?  go to  www.globaldayofprayer.com.  stunning!  but there is so  much work to do, especially in north america!  there  are wonderful stories, but generally, the north american  church must awaken.  will you help me?                       visit our website    2 chronicles 7:14 offering                    please help us with an donation today!  click on the image and  make a donation of $7.14 or $71.40 so that we can stay on top  of this movement of god.  our national prayer committee  office support comes from individual christians like you.  it is  important that you help generously.                       accounts need to be settled for this rising tide of god's spirit,  and the foundation must be laid for an ever-increasing work.   commit to a monthly donation for the next twelve months.   every dollar you give is worth three times the amount!          please donate to the gdop!  help us summon the earth!    gdop report on christian world news this sunday!                                          christian world news, a partner with cbn news, will air  highlights from across the earth on sunday morning.  check  your local listings.  your gifts helped us gather these stories  from around the world.                       watch the cbn news report on the global day of prayer that  aired monday morning on the 700 club.          visit the christian world news website to watch!    tbn to air the gdop dallas special                                          coming soon: trinity broadcasting network will air our gdop  meeting at the reunion arena in dallas.  it was an amazing  night!  it features jack graham, td jakes, marcos witt, luis  palau, kay bailey hutchinson, and a 1,000-voice choir.  i will  alert you to broadcast times.                       many thanks to broadcasters who aired the north american  broadcast on june 4, including: daystar, dominion  skyangel,  cornerstone network, nrb network, streaming  faith, promiseland  network, fe tv, enlace, tbn enlace, cadena del  milagro, cadena alas and the moody broadcasting  network.  thanks, too, for cbn news for being our  news gathering partner, and for the american bible  society for sponsoring our video capture site.          visit our website    90 days of blessing underway                    throughout the nations, christians are gearing up to bless their  cities (acts 2:42ff).  in dallas, for example, low-income  housing will be built, evangelistic block parties, neighborhood  clean-ups, etc., etc.  other cities are working with local schools  and civic offices.  keep praying for this season of  blessing.                       houston is gearing up for a luis palau festival; cedar rapids,  ia, will launch "we care" parties; cleveland, tn, is working  with habitat for humanity; in honolulu, youth teams are  doing community service projects and others will prayer  walk; orlando, fl, is partnering with inner city compassion  projects; chattanooga, tn, is teaming up with local schools  for service projects, sacramento is reaching out to single  women; roseburg, or, is mobilizing to help a boys ranch,  prison ministry, a pregnancy center, a homeless ministry, a  foster care facility, and ongoing prayer; atlanta, ga, is doing  food distribution, a back to school jamboree, and ministry to  the elderly, etc!  these are only a few.                   who can you dream to bless?  keep us informed.          visit our website    thanks for being a part and a promoter of this  breathtaking work of heaven.  may the lord fill the  earth for the blessing and healing of the nations, and the  completion of the great commission and great commandment!           under mercy,                     bob bakke                the global day of prayer north america                email:         rbakke@gdop-usa.com           web:         http://www.gdopusa.com  



posted by global day of prayer @ 5:19 pm  
      
  





tuesday, may 30, 2006



	 god bless you & your gdop california event !
    


along with you, we are all excited about what god is doing around the world!  he is calling his family to himself for worship, prayer and service.  wow!  sounds like a fulfillment of matthew 4:10.  with you we praise god!please list under comments your event.  be sure to leave your name and email address.  thanks so much!  after describing your event "check annonymous" and then write the verification code and "publish"!   click your refresh botton and you're done!



posted by global day of prayer @ 12:14 pm  
      
  





thursday, may 11, 2006



	 gdop in sacramento !
    


global day of prayer  and god is calling us to himself for the blessing of the nations . . . our  country, state and city! let's join together and be a part of this very special  day! this is an all-city-region event! it is for all who call upon the name of  the lord jesus christ in spirit and in truth.in the spirit of our unity  in christ, a core group of pastors from our region have decided together that  this year the event will be hosted at adventure  christian church! the entire facility of worship center (3000+), chapel  (500+), classrooms (500+), and the outdoor amphitheater (1-2 thousand) will  hopefully be sufficient for the simulcast. the gathering is free! no charge for  parking! the doors open at 5:00 pm, with worship starting about  5:45 pm, and the program starting at 6:30 pm. the evening program is slated to  go until about 8:00 pm, but the time is flexible to go as long as the lord  wants!everyone senses the lord is calling us together to experience his  presence and love in an intimate corporate way as hundreds of millions of people  from around the world pass this day in worshipping him in spirit and truth! the  sacramento region will be one of the last time zones on earth to heap praises  upon the lord, the creator, the almighty, the god and father of us all! come and  enter in to this most unique and glorious time ever in our region!latest  newsletter update10-day  prayer guidepray!  magazine features gdopgdop  prayer callsglobal and local strategy1. 10 days of day-and-night prayer from ascension day till the saturday before pentecost sunday.  may 25 - june 3.  -  5 local churches selected2. 1 day event - a global day worship-repentance & prayer on pentecost sunday. june 4.  - adventure church3. 90 days of "community blessing", june 5 - september 4.  - 4 projects selected, + plus other local church projects.+++++++++++++++++++++++future global day of prayer dates to 2010            year    10 days of repentance &       prayer    global day of prayer  90 days of blessing     2006   25 may – 3 june   4 june  5 june - 2 september     2007   17 – 26 may   27 may  28 may - 25 august     2008   1       – 10 may   11 may  12 may - 9 august     2009   21 – 30 may   31 may  1 june - 29 august     2010   13 – 22 may   23 may  24 may - 21 august        there is an amazing movement of prayer around the globe and for at least the next 5 years there will be a global day of prayer on pentecost sunday. these are the dates for future global day of prayer events.



posted by global day of prayer @ 9:12 pm  
      
  





wednesday, april 19, 2006



	 be a part of global day of prayer via your phone
    


don't let anyone miss out on participating in the global day of prayer!  with a phone and a prayer, they can be a part of this event!greater calling will once again offer a 24 hour global conference call for the global day of prayer on june 4th for anyone who wants to connect via phone with others all around the world to pray.  this is a perfect solution for those who cannot attend an event in person.it's as easy as dialing a phone number.  training prayer leaders will be available each hour to manage the calls.  participants simply dial a phone number (see list below) and enter the passcode 777 at anytime on the gdop to be joined with others from around.  people can choose to actively participate or they can just listen in if they prefer.greater calling hosted on 3000 callers last year on the gdop and we have hosted global prayer calls for day of prayer for peace of jerusalem, day of prayer for persecuted church and national day of prayer and remembrance for katrina.how can you help?1)  volunteer a hour to be a prayer leader on a callwe have access to accommodate as many as 20,000 callers at any given time of the day, but we need leaders willing to lead up to 100 people in prayer for an hour in order to accommodate as many callers as possible.  greater calling will provide all leader training and support.  you just need a phone and a heart for prayer.  cell phones work fine!here is what one volunteer said about the experience""i would like to say that praying in a worldwide conference call was one of the most powerful times of prayer that i have ever experience.  when i was asked to lead a group for an hour, i did not know what to expect, and i must admit that i was nervous.  but praise god, wonderful intercessors from all over the country joined in, and the holy spirit took over.  it became a precious time of joining together in one accord praying biblical holy spirit inspired prayers."   pastor barbara yovino, christian hope networkto volunteer, please sign-up on their website at  www.greatercalling.org .they would love to offer call in spanish and other languages, so please indicate if you can lead in another language.2)  publish the dial-in numbersthe following numbers will be used for prayer callings starting at 00:00:00 gmt and continuing for 24 hours (8:00 pm  eastern time 6/3 to 8:00 pm  eastern time 6/4).  people may dial in anytime to one of the numbers to join a group in prayer.  please distribute these numbers in any announcements about gdop ( church bulletins, flyers, website, etc.)call any of the numbers below to join a prayer call on the global day of prayer:1 (605)  990-00311 (605)  990-00321 (605)  990-00331 (605)  990-00341 (605)  990-00501 (605)  990-00511 (605)  990-0052enter the passcode 777#  to be placed into a virtual prayer room with other callers.  this is no charge for the conference call, but long distance charged may apply.  you may use cell phones or calling cards or computer phones (skype or gizmo) to connect.  check out the greater calling website for ways to connect from international locations for free or for a very low cost.   www.greatercalling.org .



posted by global day of prayer @ 7:03 pm  
      
  





thursday, january 26, 2006



	 gdop  - events - california - 2006
    


please briefly post here under comments your event.  include your name, email address, and date it.   thank you.  ~ blog administrator



posted by global day of prayer @ 10:23 am  
      
  










about me

name:  global day of prayer 

a global day of prayer blog is simply an information, networking, collaborative forum and bulletin board. the blog does not represent any organization, nor is it an official organ of the global day of prayer - in north america or world-wide.
view my complete profile



links

10-day prayer guide-gdop
gdop international
gdop usa website
gdop usa state blogs
gdop north america
gdop canada
gdop usa blog
ccnews portal
"proclaim" the gospel
world news links
all about god

previous posts

global day of prayer planning 2007
global day of prayer - may 27th, 2007
200+ nations! 200+ cities and communities in north...
god bless you & your gdop california event !
gdop in sacramento !
be a part of global day of prayer via your phone
gdop  - events - california - 2006
usa global day of prayer prep - jan 27-28 - las vegas
order ten-day prayer guides . . .
view the gdop 2006 powerpoint presentation (you do...

archives

january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
november 2005
january 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
january 2007
may 2007









 





