



duquesne university

































 

















				privacy policy statement. our privacy policy has recently been updated.
			



dismiss

privacy policy










go to site searchgo to main navigationgo to main content













search
go








main menu




academics

explore all programs
office of the provost
our learning approach
colleges & schools
academic advising & support
academic catalog
academic calendar
study abroad


admissions & aid

how to apply
financial aid & scholarships
visit us
request info
for admitted students
admissions counselors
student accounts


life at duquesne

our campus
housing & dining
health, recreation and wellness
career development
student life
student organizations & activities
student services
graduate student life
international student life


research

undergraduate research
graduate research
faculty research
centers & institutes


social impact

mission & spiritan values
diversity, equity, and inclusion
volunteering opportunities
community & global service


about

fast facts
leadership
policies & initiatives
faculty & staff directory
departments & offices
accreditation
contact us








athletics
giving
news & stories
events



information for


parents & families
current students
admitted students
faculty & staff
alumni






in this section
































get ready for an education that'severything you need
...and more than you could ever have imagined.
















visit campus. choose duquesne!



schedule a visit







2025
best value university



u.s. news & world report has once again recognized duquesne university in its best
                                                   value: national universities 2025 rankings.


facts & rankings 










achieve your academic ambitions



majors & programs












 









commit to duquesne
get started on your final steps to becoming a duquesne duke! our housing application
                                 for committed students is now open. housing requests are accommodated in the order
                                 they are received so commit to duquesne today!


confirm your enrollment











find your future
at duquesne, we feel fortunate to be entrusted with your gifts and your goals. here
                                       you can discover what you're good at, and why that's good for the world. you have big plans, and we do, too: explore your options to see where you can start.

explore all programs





undergraduate programs
find your major





graduate programs
graduate programs





certificate programs
advance your career















exactly what you need and more than you can imagine
over our 140+ year history as a catholic university in the spiritan tradition, we’ve
                                 developed a national reputation for academic excellence. duquesne’s programs have
                                 won praise for innovation and continued high quality including accolades as a “first-tier
                                 university,” “top 100 undergraduate school,” and “most popular.”

the duq difference



go to the previous card.
go to the next card.




ten schools of study

                                             																whatever your academic ambitions, we have the breadth and depth to make the most of
                                             them. with our undergraduate majors and graduate programs, you'll find just the right
                                             fit for you.
                                             															

discover your pathway





85+undergraduate majors



                                             																you have a good sense of what you want to achieve. our future-focused undergraduate
                                             majors lead to bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees, opening up a world of possibilities.
                                             
                                             															

choose your major






vibrant, lively location

                                             																duquesne university is situated in the heart of pittsburgh, a city of 90 diverse neighborhoods
                                             where everyone can be themselves. repeatedly among the top most livable cities, just
                                             a few blocks from campus you'll find fortune 500 companies, non-profit organizations
                                             and startups–for work–and three major league sports teams for play! 
                                             															

life at duquesne





110graduate programs



                                             																discover the graduate and certificate programs that add depth, discipline and professionalism
                                             to your bigger goals. we'll make sure you gain the professional confidence, impressive
                                             experience, and powerful networks you need to take your career to the next level.
                                             															

pick your graduate program






real-world experience

                                             																our location will provide you with countless opportunities for real-world experience
                                             and career opportunities. you will gain practical experience through fieldwork, clinicals,
                                             research projects and internships. 
                                             															

experiential learning 





94%directly related



                                             																a huge percentage of recent graduates report that their professional work now is directly
                                             related to the major they studied at duquesne. 
                                             															

great outcomes













university events

all university events








do i live in christ, or not? a catholic studies black history month exhibit 
do i live in chris, or not? african catholicism and the modern-day martyrs of the drc









feb. 07, 2025 - feb. 28, 2025








all day 









college hall



more about this event








red masquers – the comedy of errors 
one of william shakespeare’s earliest and most farcical plays,even at this point in his career he demonstrated a masteryof intricate plotting, wordplay, puns, and slapstick. the redmasquers’ production is set in 1902 at the height of the ragtimeera and features a score of scott joplin’s jaunty rag m









feb. 13, 2025 - feb. 22, 2025








all day 









genesius theater



more about this event








black history month luncheon 
ebony women for social change will be hosting a black history month luncheon at hogan dining hall. ebony women will serve lemonade to enjoy with the delicious soul food provided by parkhurst. there will be fun, good music and raffles throughout the luncheon. 









feb. 18, 2025








11:00 am - 01:45 pm 



more about this event











duquesne - pittsburgh connection

community serviceexperiential learningresearchalumni network



community service




i volunteer because serving our neighbors is a way that i can give back to my community.
                                                "
at duquesne, caring about the community unites us. service is at the core of our spiritan
                                                legacy and one of the many ways we engage in the community right here in pittsburgh and around the world.


pharmacy student

10,000students, faculty and staff volunteer because we believe service to others is important.





experiential learning




i wouldn’t be who am i if i hadn’t gone to duquesne.” 
community gardens and urban agriculture were part of her studies, but understanding
                                                the food deserts in pittsburgh's neighborhoods provided the experiential learning
                                                opportunities that motivated kelsey coates’ to pursue environmental sciences.  


kelsey coates, s'21environmental science graduate with minors in math, chemistry and biology







research




duquesne’s r2 designation provides duquesne student so many untapped opportunities
                                                allowing them to achieve their bigger goals through research.”
a 2022 report ranks pittsburgh in the top 25 life sciences research talent clusters in the u.s. 
                                                research at duquesne begins with first-year students from liberal arts to the sciences
                                                and everything in between.


jennifer padden elliott,pharm. d. ‘07, associate professor of medicine and pharmacy director, center for integrative
                                             health, fritzky family endowed chair

#3 in the northeastof r2 institutions producing the most high-earning female alumni under 40 in the u.s.





alumni network




the alumni office is finding amazing ways for alumni to fit as volunteers in pittsburgh
                                                and all over the country and internationally.”
duquesne alumni believe that equity and opportunity begin at home and are trusted
                                                university brand ambassadors who bring their heart for service to our surrounding
                                                communities and beyond. "bluff in the burgh" connects alumni to upcoming events in pittsburgh.


ann hohn, a'83

1/3alumni report that the university's reputation or connections helped them land an
                                          internship or job.














linkedin

youtube

instagram

facebook

twitter







                  								600 forbes avenuepittsburgh, pa 15282
                  							

(412) 396-6000
admissionsfreeduquesne



academics
admission & aid
life at duquesne
research
social impact
about




parents & families
current students
accepted students
faculty & staff
alumni




work at du
diversity & inclusion
title ix
duquesne portal
contact
campus map



information for


parents & families
current students
accepted students
faculty & staff
alumni
community partners & employers









               							copyright © 2025 duquesne university. all rights reserved.
               						


privacy
accessibility




















©


























































