




welcome to 50 miles of art







































what is 50 miles of art?
50 miles of art is an arts corridor where fine artists, craftspersons and artisans have chosen to live and create their work.  the missouri communities of hannibal, louisiana and clarksville are connected by route 79 - a scenic byway nestled along the beautiful banks of the mississippi river with breathtaking views, soaring rock cliffs, rolling hills and colorful landscape. each community has its own unique character and features different ammenities for both the visitor and resident - inspiring and unique in their own way - and with affordable places to create, live, play and work. 




all activities in clarksville are centered around the rich river heritage and everyone in the family will find something interesting to do. the downtown district, listed on the national historic register, is along the banks of the mississippi river and allows visitors a wonderful atmosphere with a unique opportunity to "touch the mississippi."   visitors can take a leisurely stroll along the tree lined streets and find a remarkably high concentration of artists and craftsmen that live and work in the area producing a variety of hand made goods. a walking tour brochure of first, second and howard streets is available in most shops. the visitor's center, river front park, lock and dam #24, the sky lift, antique dealers, restaurants, museums, b&bs and restored historic homes can also be found close by. natural beauty abounds and the area hosts one of the largest populations of wintering bald eagles in the country as well as many other species of migrating birds throughout the year. clarksville is a welcoming small town that has much to offer its visitors. click here for events and visitor information. 




eagle days - last weekend in january 
eagle watching - december, january, february are great 
times to view eagles along the mississippi.





regional chili cook-off - june 
applefest - second weekend in october.  fine arts and crafts show! 





 


hannibal is home to many artists and artisans…and a famous writer named samuel clemens.  hannibal is a community alive and well today as a thriving regional center nestled on the banks of the mighty mississippi.  historic homes, artists, museums, gift shops, and a thriving downtown area can all be found here in “american’s hometown." there are also numerous attractions dedicated to mark twain and his legacy, including twain’s boyhood home. hannibal is a charming hamlet that maintains the past while appealing to those of the present.  come to this friendly riverside town any time of year, you’ll find something for everyone; an active arts community, tons of special events, theater, artwork, cave explorations, chocolate, shopping, antiques, and plenty of great food.  take a moment to enjoy the natural beauty as well and sit along the river and enjoy the views from riverview park and lover’s leap. come visit and stay the night! there's plenty to do in hannibal. click here to connect to visitor information.




second saturday gallery night - year-round 

just girls getaway weekend - april 
twain on main -  memorial day weekend 
loafers club car show - may 
down by the river - may-september
music under the stars free concerts - all summer
juneteenth celebration - june 
hannibal hoots baseball season - june-august




national tom sawyer days - 4th of july 
wild and wacky art adventure - august 
big river steampunk festival - labor day weekend 
hannibal folklife festival - third full weekend in october. welcome in fall at this award-winning festival of traditional and fine art, 
performances, homemade food, and fun for the entire family. 
hannibal for the holidays - december









louisiana’s first settler john bryson built the first residence in 1817 and 1818 sold some land to samuel caldwell and joel shaw, this area became the original plat of louisiana which was mainly river-front property. louisiana boasts nearly 4,000 residents, many whom are descendants of the early settlers. louisiana’s streets are lined with numerous beautiful antebellum homes revealing their architectural charm of years past, many which are listed on the national historical register of historic places. the state department of natural resources has noted that louisiana has "the most intact victorian streetscape in the state of missouri". downtown louisiana commonly known as the georgia street historical district is listed as well on the national historical register of historic places.  the louisiana mural organization has completed over 20 community murals. a sculpture park featuring international and acclaimed american sculptors is located outside louisiana. the project was started by henry lay, alumni of saint louis university, who wished to use his estate as a place to promote the arts in northeast missouri. click here for events and visitor information.





louisiana winter river festival - last weekend in january.
autumn colorfest - third full weekend in october




 







 










links to other sites...city of clarksville -- hannibal visitors & convention bureau -- louisiana chamber of commerce
hannibal arts council -- missouri division of tourism -- pike county development
louisiana mayor’s office of economic development --  raintree arts council 


© 2023 poole advertising llc









