





center for technology commercialization




















































































			skip to content		




linkedin
youtube
x
search

 







close✕

search our site:

search








 menu
 close


overview
ctc events
sbir/sttr support programming

sbir/sttr micro-grant
sbir panel reviews
sbir advance
commercialization micro-grant
service providers: sbir assistance
service providers: commercialization assistance
sbir/sttr resources & faq


on demand learning

ctc sparks: the innovator’s series
blog

blog
blog series: kindling connections
blog series: the approach


newsletter
on demand learning


about

about
business impact

business impact
client successes


our team
partner with ctc

partner with ctc
client referral
events & speaking engagements
start in wisconsin


office of business and entrepreneurship
news


request for counseling
 


sign up for the ctc newsletter to stay informed!
 


wisconsin's no-cost sbir resource 









ctc’s mission is to help fund your innovation 

free, confidential business & technical assistance for companies seeking sbir/sttr funding



the center for technology commercialization is wisconsin’s no-cost resource to guide you through the complex and exciting journey of bringing your technology from idea to market. the journey includes helping you connect to funding and guidance from experienced business leaders.

request a free counseling session


register for our sbir 101 overview webinar



check out our on demand learning




ctc provides assistance every step of the way


idea evaluation
the first step in our process is to evaluate where you are right now and to make sure you meet the initial requirements for sbir/sttr. if you meet the requirements, you’re ready for the next step, contacting us with a formal request for a meeting to finish evaluation. 


planning for funding
to increase your chances of success, we help you consider the impact of your business model and your funding strategy at the earliest stages of your business. during the planning phase, we help you assess fit and identify next steps for federal sbir/sttr programs of specific funding agencies (they differ from each other).   





apply for funding
time to apply! your service provider and our consultant will work with  you extensively on reviewing your drafts and providing helpful comments.  it is critical to have as many eyes on your work as possible since more  reviewers are likely to catch errors or omissions. assistance is  crucial at this stage, even if you have already received funding for  your work.  


beyond funding
we are with you every step of the way on your journey. after initial  funding our consultants are here to assist your high-tech small business  journey.  




upcoming events


starting and running a business is a constant learning experience in which entrepreneurs must seek out the skills they need to excel in the high-tech small business environment. ctc provides an array of such events year round, across wisconsin. 

view all eventsloading events…







need help knowing where to start?

request a free counseling session


sbir and sttr resourcesaccess america’s seed fund, federal small business innovation research/small business technology transfer (sbir/sttr) programs. securing federal funding for your innovation is a critical step in advancing towards commercial success, find out how we can help. get federal funding guidance







 
business impactctc is a proud part of the universities of wisconsin office of business & entrepreneurship. the office of business & entrepreneurship strives to help any business at any stage of development through our five distinct program units and array of experienced business consultants and programs.see our impact

betterbin: changing the way we recyclemichelle goetsch started betterbin in 2018, and now her business is changing the way people recycle.read more
$172m
ctc client reported sbir funding since 2010


$434m
total ctc client reported capital since 2010

kindling connections: dr. robert lochheadrobert lochhead phd., assistant professor at the medical college of wisconsin and founder of lochhead scientific.read morenewssba awards grant to impact underserved innovatorsstreamlining sbir/sttr support to increase wisconsin’s success a unique new program, sbir labs, focused on streamlining small business innovation research (sbir) and small business technology transfer (sttr) programming in wisconsin has received a competitive federal grant.read more


ready to meet with a consultant?  

request a meeting
















about the center for technology commercialization
the center for technology commercialization is a proud part of the office of business and entrepreneurship in the universities of wisconsin.


























wisconsin center for technology commercialization780 regent st.
madison, wi 53715						

(608) 263-7794contact us 



 

 




				© 2025, board of regents - university of wisconsin system. all rights reserved.  |
privacy policy
























