









graves for sale

































toggle navigation







home

submit advert


contact


my account


manage classifieds


terms & conditions


































toggle navigation








categorycremation gardenscremation nicheslocal cemeteriesmausoleum cryptsmemorial parkspet cemeteriesreligious cemeterieswanted to purchaseworld wide (non-u.s.)professional directoryattorneyscemeteriescremation providersfloristsfuneral homesmonument dealerspre planningretail casket storesarticles 






submit listing













buying or selling made easy  

buying or selling made easy  










categories






cremation gardens







cremation niches







mausoleum crypts







pet cemeteries












many of us own cemetery property we no longer want or need. maybe you have moved or gotten divorced, perhaps your parents left extra graves to you when they died, whatever the case, you now want to sell the property.

if you contact the cemetery office you will probably learn that they "do not re-purchase graves" and that makes sense, they have an inventory of their own to sell. there must be a way ?

correct! place a listing here on graves4sale.com, the only site on the net of it's kind. we are not brokers or agents and we never charge fees for the sales you make. our only goal is to help you advertise as economically as possible.

click on the submit listing link to place a listing for your graves, mausoleum crypts, or cremation niches that you want to sell. at a cost of only $ 29.00, your ad will remain on the site for 2 years or until a sale is made, it's that simple. you will spend more than that on a 1 day ad in your local classifieds and in most cases will not sell anything, give it a try today. 



						featured listings					

no featured listings are available to be display at the moment.










new listings
most popular
random





new listings




most popular listings




random listings













								total categories							

								78							



								total website listings							

								10							



								total visitor comments							

								0							








site map
submit advertcontactmy accountmanage classifiedsterms & conditions


					copyright © 2025 neal enterprises				


















