



reading, massachusetts, schools, education





 




home
administration
assessment
curriculum
enrollment
f.a.q.
health
litigation


news
maintenance
school budget
school projects
special education
state agencies
salaries
links


pride
harutunian i
harutunian ii
the r.s.b.c.












 informed 
          residents of reading - info@iror.org
dedicated to providing information, news and 
          documentation related to education in reading, massachusetts and beyond.
long time 
		no write - informed residents of reading isn't gone, just 
		resting.  former superintendent harutunian is, however, gone, 
		enjoying a new salisbury beach house paid for in part by the 
		children and taxpayers of north andover. 
and do we also hear wedding 
		bells??
a few of the enablers who 
		assisted harry during his reign in reading remain, revising 
		history whenever they get the chance, often claiming they never really liked harutunian, "went along to get along" and generally making excuses for 
		their own actions.
reading has a new high school. the architects and contractors and anybody else who was "in the 
		know" got what they wanted. it's a smaller school, rife with problems 
		but some parts are nice, it has that new car smell. and everyone knows 
		new is better, right? 
it's not worth what reading 
		paid, though, and this building won't last half as long as the 
		old reading memorial high school. it's not a quality building 
		designed with the needs of a school in mind. the citizens and children of reading 
		will now have to make the best of what they have... and forget about 
		what might have been.
for a new building, the 
		reading high school has an 
		astonishing number of problems: from the heating, ventilation and 
		cooling problems, leaking roof, inadequate cafeteria space, press box 
		obstructing views and sinking athletic fields to out of control power 
		consumption. anyone who remembers what citizens of reading were 
		promised by harutunian and his special interest friends knows the school 
		has utterly failed to live up to what was promised.
there's a new crop of parents 
		in town. to them, the horrors of the harutunian administration and 
		reading's school building projects are just 
		history.
informed residents  
		hope these parents will not be as clueless or as blindly 
		trusting as their predecessors. understand that you need to take an 
		active role in your school system. you need to pay attention. school administrators are employed to 
		serve you and not the other way around. don't be afraid the ask 
		questions. don't be afraid to dig deeper to find out where your 
		hard-earned money is being spent. you may not like the answers you find 
		but at least you'll know the truth and a better idea of how to protect 
		yourself and your children.
reading 
          school projects documentation archive
 
          reading school projects documentation archive ii
reading school projects documentation archive iii
"for nothing 
          is hidden that will not be disclosed, nor is anything secret that will 
          not become known and come to light." -- luke 8:17
"if you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it." -- joseph goebbles
"monsters do exist, but they are too few in number 
          to be truly dangerous. more dangerous are the common men, those functionaries 
          willing to think and to act without asking questions." -- primo 
          levi
stories 
          to share? credible, verifiable information and / or documentation to 
          disclose?
contact the informed residents of reading at info@iror.org. 
          informed residents welcome any and all credible information about the 
          past and present activities of the reading school department, school 
          committee and related special interest groups.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
please right-click, "save target as" 
          to download the linked 
          files on this site.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


rmhs 
          picture tour, fall 2002 - tour of parts of reading memorial high 
          school scheduled to be demolished in the $57+ million "renovation" 
          approved by reading voters on february 25th, 2003.
 

 
please right-click, "save 
          target as" to download the linked 
          files on this site.
search iror.org - powered by google





"the price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be 
		ruled by evil men." -- plato
site links
state open records request letter generator  by the student press law center.
political insights to problem school administrations by the national association for prevention of teacher abuse (napta).
the delphi technique
 know the manipulative tactics employed by many school officials and administrators.
harry harutunian
 all about reading's infamous former superintendent of schools.  his  "reign in reading" will not soon be forgotten.
harutunian in north andover
        follow superintendent harutunian's "progress"  as superintendent of schools in north andover.  
unsolved mysteries of reading, massachusetts. a page for that which is unsolved and unresolved.
massachusetts superintendent salaries and compensation data. an old listing of school chief salaries, perks and other benefits.
feasibility studies
 review past options for the "renovation" of reading memorial 
        high school. realize that virtually all of rmhs' problems could have been fixed by a $20 million renovation.  unfortunately, building new schools makes everybody "in the know" more money and  studies advocating wise spending and common sense were ignored.
campaign 
          and political finance reports reflect the manipulative nature 
          of ballot question promotion in reading. ultimately, a well-funded minority 
          succeeded in (repeatedly) misrepresenting school projects and state 
          reimbursement requirements to the public in order to achieve their own 
          ends.
building reading 
          pride (and pep!)
reading's pride of ballot question committees, 
          unleashed upon the unsuspecting public.
reading school 
          building committee
in spite of claims that reading's 
          recent school building committee operated as an entirely separate entity 
          from the school department and the school committee, documentation 
          (meetings, letters from architects, studies, correspondence, emails, 
          minutes) suggests otherwise.
the 
          reading superintendent search 
          read about the unfortunate, closed-door process that led to the selection 
          of patrick schettini 
          as reading's next superintendent of schools.
open meeting law
the purpose of the open meeting law is to eliminate much of the 
          secrecy surrounding the deliberations and decision on which public policy 
          is based. the democratic process 
          depends on the public having knowledge about the considerations underlying 
          governmental action, for without that knowledge people are not able 
          to judge the merits of action taken by their representatives.
to view and print the many .pdf (portable document format) 
          files on this site, you will need adobe acrobat reader 5 or 
          higher installed on your computer. to download this free adobe 
          acrobat reader software, please follow the link and go to www.adobe.com. 
          
to play .mov files, you will need to have quicktime 
          multimedia player software installed on your computer. to download free 
          quicktime player software, please follow the link and go to www.quicktime.com.
to play compressed .mp3 audio files, you will need to 
          have some sort of .mp3 player software installed on your computer. many 
          different types of .mp3 player software can be downloaded for free from 
          www.download.com.

 



 







