








 

seattle acupuncture & holistic health - acupuncture seattle - monica legatt lac























































  








 




       search           home acupuncture patient resources fertility injuries reiki & energy healing practitioner testimonials blog    text (206)383-9921 to schedule appointment





acupuncture seattleexperience the power of energy healing

contact us




 














april huizenga
4 months ago
















 



    monica is amazing! after being diagnosed with bell’s palsy, i was stressed and searching for help. monica went above and beyond to fit me into her busy schedule, and thanks to her skillful acupuncture treatments, i was fully healed in just two weeks! her warmth, professionalism, and dedication to her patients made me feel cared for every step of the way. monica’s personalized approach and expertise were truly life-changing. i can’t thank her enough and highly recommend her to anyone looking for exceptional care and results!


...
















brittany owen
4 months ago
















 



    i recently started acupuncture for some clenching pain and just really to re-set and calm my brain. monica has been very supportive of my journey and i feel it is helping tremendously. i always feel very relaxed after my sessions. i am so glad i started this journey and cannot wait to see what the future holds!


...
















bella gunn
6 months ago
















 



    i began seeing monica in may to address some skin conditions (mainly eczema), and a few other concerns that i have been dealing with for several years. i’ve never had acupuncture before, but a friend recommended it, so i scheduled an appointment with monica. from our first session, she brought such a warm, empathetic, and trustworthy demeanor to her approach. she is an educator, and walked me through each acu point, and answered my many questions about how it all works. the way she explains things is extremely digestible — you can tell she wants to really share her knowledge, and for her patients to feel comfortable, assured, and educated.  she really took the time to listen to my concerns, and i left feeling really encouraged. after just 2 or 3 sessions, combined with the herbs she prescribed, my eczema was over 90% cleared. i couldn’t believe the healing that took place after years of trying things that didn’t work. a few months later, and i’m 100% eczema free, and look forward to continuing to work with monica. i’m so grateful for her wisdom and knowledge. she is the real deal! i really couldn’t recommend her more. if you’re thinking about acupuncture, definitely schedule with monica! she has changed my life! ❤️


...

















more here

monica legattlicensed acupuncturist & traditional chinese medicine practitionermonica legatt has been practicing traditional chinese medicine in seattle for over 20 years. as the premier practitioner of acupuncture in seattle she brings years of experience and a genuine passion for holistic healing to every patient she meets. monica has expertise in the areas of pain, sports medicine, fertility, obstetrics, gynecology, emotional & psychological conditions, and neurological disorders. monica is consistently achieving clinical results with her patients that are evident in her patient testimonials. 


discover acupuncture






	 		how does acupuncture work? 		 	




	 		how does acupuncture feel? 		 	




	 		why is traditional chinese medicine unique? 		 	





	
		chinese herbal medicine
		
	



traditional chinese medicineyour journey to vibrant health and well-being



fertility

injuries

reiki & energy healing

herbal medicine




fertility treatment, acupuncture and traditional chinese medicine monica specializes in acupuncture, chinese herbs, fertility massage, yoga, and naturopathic medicine to address infertility in both men and women. benefit from monica's extensive expertise in gynecology, obstetrics, emotional well-being, and neurological disorders, personalized to empower every patient towards wellness. discover the effectiveness of tcm in fertility, endorsed by a growing body of medical research.

view more







sports medicine and injuries monica legatt lac specializes in treating sports injuries and chronic pain, leveraging 19+ years of clinical experience in acupuncture and traditional chinese medicine. with a focus on swift recovery, monica tailors treatment protocols after an initial assessment, typically resolving acute conditions in three to six sessions. acupuncture, electric-stimulation acupuncture, massage, and chinese herbal prescriptions are utilized to alleviate pain, reduce swelling, and enhance healing. monica has worked with diverse athletes and artists, from mlb players to broadway singers, and is dedicated to helping individuals return to peak performance. with a rich background in holistic care, monica is committed to getting you back to your passion swiftly and effectively.

view more







integrating reiki and holistic healing for personalized well-being reiki is a japanese energy healing technique utilizing universal energy transmitted through the practitioner's hands to facilitate healing. rooted in the concept of applying hands for healing, reiki addresses both physical and emotional conditions. monica, a level 3 trained reiki practitioner, combines reiki with other energy healing methods, acupuncture, acupressure, nutritional education, herbal medicine, and lifestyle guidance in sessions tailored to individual needs. with 20 years of experience, monica offers holistic healing sessions blending diverse modalities grounded in asian medicine principles.

view more







chinese herbal medicine herbs are prescribed based upon a patient’s diagnosis and energetic imbalances. monica prescribes western herbs, chinese herbs and homeopathic remedies.

view more











what people sayclient testimonials
fertility acupuncture helps to conceive two children; acupuncture for labor induction; acupuncture for post-partum care



before working with monica i saw other acupuncturists to help with fertility issues but i did not develop confidence in their treatments. as soon as i began to work with monica i knew i had found the right practitioner. she was always compassionate and professional and her treatments gave me immediate relief of various symptoms and challenges. monica was a great help to me in my process of having babies, in preparing my body for the conception of my two children, and also with preparing for labor and delivery, and with post-partum healing. i cannot recommend her highly enough.


laura s.

acupuncture for menstrual pain



after experiencing post uterine ablation syndrome for several months, i sought out acupuncture treatment in hopes of relieving the painful episodes that were occurring on a monthly basis. i have been receiving regular acupuncture for six months now and i am experiencing significant decreased pain. given the promising results, i plan to continue acupuncture in hopes of reducing my pain further!.


s.m




			load more		









rates & insuranceschedule your first appointmentwe offer flexible payment options and accept insurance from various providers, although coverage varies—not all treatments may be covered. please verify your coverage before your appointment.

view more







seattle acupuncture & holistic healthto schedule your first appointment, please e-mail office@seattleacupuncture.com or text (206)383-9921 when you inquire, please indicate the primary reason you are seeking treatment.2120 1st ave n, seattle, wa 98109


 copyright 2025 seattle acupuncture & holistic health, all rights reserved.website design by seattle web service llc 



















>

	




















































 

