





 home | ucsc silicon valley extension























































skip to main content










  
    
    academics
    







  
    
    areas of study
    




  
    
    all areas of study
    




  
    
    biosciences
    




  
    
    business
    




  
    
    education
    




  
    
    premed postbacc
    




  
    
    technology
    




  
    
    ux design
    





  
    
    syllabus library
    


















  
    
    browse
    




  
    
    certificates
    




  
    
    courses
    




  
    
    specializations
    




  
    
    series
    





  
    
    also of interest
    




  
    
    short courses
    




  
    
    open campus
    




  
    
    workforce
    




  
    
    instructors
    




  
    
    academic calendar
    




  
    
    digital badges
    




  
    
    course catalogs
    









  
    
    international
    







  
    
    international home
    




  
    
    how to apply
    




  
    
    certificates & costs
    




  
    
    short programs
    




  
    
    housing & transportation
    




  
    
    international student calendar
    




  
    
    agent hub
    









  
    
    events
    




  
    
    student services
    







  
    
    student services home
    




  
    
    career services
    




  
    
    tutoring services
    




  
    
    forms library
    




  
    
    submit a help ticket
    




  
    
    request transcript
    




  
    
    drops & refund policy
    




  
    
    drops & refund form
    




  
    
    students with disabilities
    




  
    
    title ix
    









  
    
    about
    







  
    
    policies
    




  
    
    faq
    




  
    
    about ucsc extension
    




  
    
    our uc value
    




  
    
    instructors
    




  
    
    work for us
    




  
    
    student experience
    




  
    
    give
    




  
    
    branding guidelines
    









  
    
    news
    




  
    
    contact
    




  
    
    login
    














happy presidents day!
the silicon valley campus will be closed feb. 17 in honor of presidents day. we will reopen tuesday, feb. 18.















your uc in silicon valley.
personalized professional courses for every stage of your career—in-person, live-online, online, and in state-of-the-art flex classrooms.















 live-online
we offer high quality remote learning experiences through our live zoom classroom setting.


 industry experts
our instructors are pioneers in their fields, inventors, patent holders, internationally sought-after speakers, and authors.


 small groups
small groups allow a high level of personalization and interactivity, very similar to what one would experience in our classroom.


 career success
amazing instructors, a host of career events and a skilled career advising team help you fine-tune your job search.







areas of study









bioscience















business















education















premed postbaccalaureate















technology















ux design













what students are saying















                                        "i made a lot of good connections while i was here."
                                     


— aakash dave

                                            international student
                                    

                                        entrepreneur, founding ceo of spotmi
                                    












                                            program:  database and data analytics




                                            course:
                                            
                                                data analysis, introduction


















 
                                    
                                    "the instructor presented a wide degree of material with great teaching methods. he was available to students beyond the class hours. in-class practice, homework, & the final enabled us to apply accumulated knowledge in c++ throughout the course"
                                    
                                

— tom t. hua

                                        embedded systems engineer
                                    









                                            course:
                                            
                                                c++ programming




















                                        "it’s a very supportive program. the engagement within our class was great. we learned from the professors as well as our classmates."
                                     


— renuka adnane, msod phr shrm-cp

                                            international student
                                    

                                        human resources business partner
                                    












                                            program:  human resource management




                                            course:
                                            
                                                human resource management




















                                        "diana is a compassionate and encouraging instructor, her wealth of knowledge is only exceeded by her obvious love of the work she does and the students and families she supports. her literacy course stands out as a wonderful learning experience."
                                     


— lisa m. barratt

                                        educational therapist
                                    












                                            program:  educational therapy




                                            instructor:
                                            
                                                diana black kennedy




















                                        "the ucsc educational therapy program expanded my knowledge base and gave me the experience necessary to transition from classroom teacher to educational therapist. it has made an enormous impact on my life."
                                     


— diana kennedy, b.c.e.t,

                                        educational therapist
                                    

                                        board-certified educational therapist | instructor
                                    












                                            program:  educational therapy




                                            course:
                                            
                                                educational therapy practicum




















                                        "it was pretty deep and the assignments were demanding so i had to work hard to get the point."
                                     


— renato roschel ribeiro, mba

                                            international student
                                    

                                        director of digital & analytics | data analytics professor
                                    












                                            program:  data science and data analytics




















                                        "the response from my fellow students was so enthusiastic that i had to think more in depth. it evolved. every course demands that you think in a certain way. every course took me a step further."
                                     


— bouwien luppes

                                            international student
                                    

                                        art entrepreneur and marketer
                                    












                                            programs: marketing management 
                                                    & social media marketing
                                        



                                            course:
                                            
                                                integrated marketing communication




















                                        "it’s great to have a teacher with so much experience. she was able to take what's in the book and apply it to real-world examples. it helped translate the education into what i would need in my everyday work."
                                     


— sean zaidman

                                        director, communications and marketing, five branches
                                    












                                            programs: marketing management 
                                                    & social media marketing professional
                                        



                                            instructor:
                                            
                                                ly-huong t pham




















                                        "diana is a fabulous instructor and is always willing to share her insights and make sure course content is adapted to everyone's needs. she is approachable and willing to help you have a thorough understanding of the content without judgment."
                                     


— jasleen kaur monga

                                            international student
                                    

                                        learning specialist | educational therapist
                                    












                                            program:  educational therapy




                                            instructor:
                                            
                                                diana black kennedy




















                                        "i just want to thank you for the amazing class on the gcp research process. i enjoyed the many real life examples you provided throughout the course. i found this to be very helpful. dr. wallis is an excellent speaker and communicator."
                                     


— dita papraniku

                                        clinical dietician
                                    












                                            program:  clinical trials design and management




                                            course:
                                            
                                                good clinical practices




















                                        "diana's knowledge is incredible, and her willingness to share it all is an integral part of her contribution to the field of educational therapy. one couldn't ask for better guidance or teaching."
                                     


— sharon barkan, ma, et/p

                                        educational therapist
                                    












                                            program:  educational therapy




                                            instructor:
                                            
                                                diana black kennedy




















                                        "jagadeesh really prepares for the sessions and the assignments, not letting students to lose focus during classes, engaging all. he has got a lot of examples to share and makes people think to apply what we learn in the class."
                                     


— sasikumar arumugan

                                            international student
                                    

                                        lead software engineer
                                    












                                            program:  computer programming




















                                        "that next person you say hello to at the class in extension may give you a lead to your next job. people in my classes all worked at some of the biggest companies in the area, from gilead to genentech."
                                     


— fred bauzon

                                        field application scientist and molecular biologist
                                    












                                            program:  regulatory affairs




















                                        "i would argue that your certificate program is better than most degreed programs."
                                     


— kristina liu, phd.  acrp-cp/cpm

                                        clinical research coordinator, byers eye institute, stanford university
                                    












                                            program:  clinical trials design and management




                                            course:
                                            
                                                good clinical practices




















                                        "the class involved whiteboard sessions and collaboration projects which really prepared me well to start working in the industry and tackle ux design interviews."
                                     


— agnieszka zimolag

                                            international student
                                    

                                        product design, cloud at ionq
                                    












                                            program:  user experience and web design






































subscribe





stay up to date on new courses, upcoming events, and alumni activities.






contact us


map &
                                            directions
(408) 861-3700
extension@ucsc.edu


                                            3175 bowers ave
                                            santa clara, ca
                                        






building hours
monday - friday:
9 a.m. - 7 p.m.
saturday:
9 a.m. - 5 p.m.















linkedin





youtube





instagram





twitter





facebook














©2025 regents of the university of california. ucsc silicon valley extensions and its licensors.









