apligraf® living cellular skin substitutenew video: see how apligraf® transforms chronic woundspuraply® amapligraf®affinity®nushield®sign up for email updates get in contact products  menuchallenges ofhealing vlus and dfuswhy chooseapligrafapligraf overviewproduct details and resourcesevidence andoutcomesclinical evidencereal-world evidencehealth economic analysesprovidersupportreimbursement supportcodingmedicare coveragecommercial insurance coveragerates and resourcesreimbursement inquiriesunmatchedthe gold standard provento accelerate healingdiscover morebioengineered with living cells to transform wounds from chronic to acute, apligraf is a skin substitute that's backed by extensive, reliable, and unmatched evidence in both vlus and dfus.1-8dfu=diabetic foot ulcer; vlu=venous leg ulcerfor more than 20 years, apligraf has been the gold standard in healingwhen vlu or dfu closure is slow after transitioning out of the inflammatory phase, switch to apligraf, the gold standard proven to accelerate healing. watch the 30-second overview of apligraf to learn about unmatched clinical and real-world evidence along with unsurpassed access for your patients.2-8to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 videowhy apligrafsee how apligraf transformswounds from chronic to acutetake a closer look at how the mechanism of action of apligraf helps to heal vlus and dfus faster.1-8see how apligraf healsready to start healing stalled wounds?talk to an organogenesis tissue regeneration specialist about using apligraf to help close stalled vlus and dfus faster.2-8contact usthe timeless quality of proven resultsrandomized controlled trials and real-world observational studies continue to demonstrate that apligraf closes more vlus and dfus faster, which can lead to lower healthcare costs.2-10clinical trialsreal-world evidencehealth economic analysessee a short video on how apligraf can help reduce the real costs of vlus and dfus.10unsurpassed access for patients*100%of medicare contractors cover apligraf treatment for vlus and dfus8view medicare coverage details100%of commercial medical policies cover apligraf treatment for vlus and dfus8view commercial coverage detailsthe coverage information provided shall not be construed as a statement, promise, or guarantee that reimbursement will be received. reimbursement requirements are subject to change at any time. check with your local payer regularly. *insurance coverage varies by payer and is subject to change at any time. confirm with your current applicable payer policies for up-to-date apligraf coverage requirements and policies.please refer to the apligraf package insert for complete prescribing information.references:stone rc, et al. sci transl med. 2017;9(371). doi:10.1126/scitranslmed.aaf8611apligraf [package insert]. canton, ma: organogenesis inc; 2017.marston wa, et al. wound repair regen. 2014;22(3):334-340.treadwell t, et al. adv wound care. 2018;7(3):69-76.sabolinski ml, et al. j comp eff res. 2018;7(8):797-805.veves a, et al. diabetes care. 2001;24(2):290-295.kirsner rs, et al. wound repair regen. 2015;23(5):737-744.data on file. organogenesis inc.schonfeld wh, et al. wound repair regen. 2000;8:251-257.rice jb, et al. j med econ. 2015;18(8):586-595.challenges ofhealing vlusand dfuswhy chooseapligrafapligraf overviewproduct details and resourcesevidence andoutcomesclinical evidencereal-world evidencehealth economic analysesprovidersupportreimbursement supportcodingmedicare coveragecommercial insurance coveragerates and resourcesreimbursement inquiriesstay connectedget in contact sign up for email updatesvisit organogenesis.complease refer to the apligraf package insert for complete prescribing information.please refer to the apligraf handling and storage instructions prior to use.©2021 organogenesis inc. oi-a1374   05/2024 all rights reserved. apligraf is a registered trademark of novartis. apligraf is a registered trademark of novartis.oasis is a registered trademark of smith & nephew, inc.theraskin is a registered trademark of solsys medical, llc.primatrix is a registered trademark of integra lifesciences corp.epifix is a registered trademark of mimedx group, inc.contact organogenesis | terms of use | privacy policy | cookie policythis site is intended for u.s. healthcare providers.×sign up for more informationget the latest communications and product updates from organogenesis.i am a: healthcare professional patientall fields requiredwe're sorry, it looks like something isn't right. please see below.specialty dermatologistpodiatristplastic surgeongeneral surgeonvascular surgeongerontologistprimary care physicianinternal medicinenursehospitalistotherfirst name last name email by signing up to receive emails from organogenesis, i confirm that i am a healthcare provider and that i understand the organogenesis terms of use.organogenesis will not sell, rent, or otherwise distribute your name or any personally identifiable information outside of organogenesis and its agents. organogenesis will only use your information in accordance with our privacy policy.your privacy rights as a california resident sign up thank you. we are processing your request... we are unable to process your request at this time. please try again later.thank you for signing upyour registration is complete. we'll be in contact with updates about products from organogenesis.back to websitethis website requires javascript to function correctly. please enable javascript or upgrade to a recent web browser.