


doctor natural
























    
	doctor natural
	
  
natural medicine articles and tips. reviews of natural cures. useful links.

about me

name:  andrew holmes 
location:  chicago, united states 
view my complete profile

useful links

dr. ideal: natural cures
weddings vows
natural cures blog
optimum diabetics
doctor herbal blog

previous posts

proleva - new anti-aging cure
how to get rid of hypertension
"weight loss" - the basics of losing weight
ten ways to better sleep
systolic blood pressure
zyprexa
dealing with bad breath
andropause and hair loss
an alternative treatment for tmj (temporomandibula...
dyspepsia and abdominal pain

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
november 2006
january 2007
march 2007
april 2007


we blog a lot
popdex
blog universe blog
globe of blogs










sunday, april 22, 2007



	 
	 proleva - new anti-aging cure
	 
    


proleva is an all-natural formula designed to protect your body at the cellular level from damage caused by free radicals. this new approach to cellular health allows for maximum protection, by working at the cellular level to prevent and repair the damage to your body caused by free radicals (see below).anti agingwith normal aging your cells divide, replacing the old with the new. ideally, you want your cells to divide at a constant slow rate. however, when free radicals come in contact with healthy cells it causes sever damage. this forces the cells to divide prematurely. the more often this process occurs, the faster your body ages.using proleva to neutralize free radicals before they attack your body’s cells can greatly slow down the aging process. with proleva it is possible to age gracefully; looking feeling and acting younger than you really are. cardiovascularwe hear a lot about the dangers of cholesterol and its role in heart disease. but cholesterol alone isn't the problem. free radicals turn 'bad' cholesterol (ldl) into the dangerous plaque which clogs and hardens your arteries. this places a lot of stress on your heart and can lead to the blockage of an artery causing either a stroke or heart attack.proleva supports not only your arteries and blood vessels it also supports healthy hdl levels (good cholesterol).  eat right, exercise and start protecting your heart today with proleva, your grandchildren will thank you.immune systemthere are pollutants, bacteria and virus in the air we breathe, the food we eat, the water we drink, and the surfaces we touch. your immune system is made up of millions of white blood cells, and together they form the foundation of your entire well-being. unfortunately free radicals destroy these fragile cells, leaving you vulnerable to these harmful toxins.a 2005 scientific study showed that proleva reduces free radical damage to human white blood cells by 700%. by supporting the immune system proleva helps you stay healthy so that you can enjoy the important things in life.brain & memoryas we age we begin to have more and more “forgetful moments”. for a long time, the reasons for these lapses were unknown. however recent studies have shown that as you age a protein (beta-amyloid) begins to accumulate in the brain. many scientists now believe that this accumulation leads to nerve damage and memory loss.studies have shown that a particular flavonoid found in proleva (ecgc) decrease the production of beta-amyloid.  our brain cells are the only cells in our bodies that don't regenerate so it pays to take care of them. remember the little things by taking proleva.energy levelsenergy loss is one of the most common age-related complaints but it doesn't have to be. free radicals damage the mitochondria (the power plant) of your cells. unfortunately, mitochondria don’t repair themselves very well, so when free radicals attack, much of the damage is irreversible.proleva naturally increases your energy levels by neutralize free radicals before they attack your body’s cellular power plants. proleva doesn't subject you to a jittery 'high'; it simply delivers consistent energy increases through a long-term healing process.right now your body is being attacked by millions of free radicals molecules. scientists believe these little molecules are the main cause of aging, disease and even cancer.don’t wait until it’s too late, start using proleva today and fight aging at the cellular level. its time to support your cardiovascular and immune system, promote healthy brain and memory function, and increase your energy levels to restore your youth and vitality.read more about proleva



posted by andrew holmes @ 4:18 pm 

      
         0 comments






thursday, march 15, 2007



	 
	 how to get rid of hypertension
	 
    


high blood pressure or hypertension is known as the silent killer because most people don't know they have it and they can die without warning. it was listed as a primary or contributing cause of deaths in the united states. one in five americans has hypertension or high blood pressure. this is very alarming as this disease is a traitor that can rob you of your life anytime without warning. you need to know how to get rid of hypertension before anything serious could happen to you.  to get rid of hypertension you should know the categories of blood pressure readings. hypertension is a medical condition when the blood pressure is elevated or the blood travel through your arteries at a higher pressure than normal. the normal blood pressure is 120/80 mm hg or lower, when your blood pressure is 140/90 mm hg or higher you have a hypertension. any blood pressure reading in between 120/80 mm hg and 139/89 mm hg is a pre-hypertension stage. however, in people with diabetes and with kidney disease a blood pressure of 130/80 mm hg or higher is already considered a high blood pressure or hypertension.  can you tell if you have hypertension? although some people experience drowsiness, headaches and blurred vision, the general population with hypertension has no symptoms and not aware that they have hypertension. this is the reason why most strokes due to hypertension have no signs before it occurred. it is important that you monitor you blood pressure regularly especially if you have hypertension in the past. to get rid of hypertension you should check your blood pressure to prevent stokes. hypertension can damage your blood vessels causing strokes, heart attack and kidney failure. there are preventive measures that you can do to get rid of hypertension and mostly it has something to do with your lifestyle. there are modifications in your lifestyle that you need to do to lower your blood pressure or get rid of hypertension. some of these changes include: weight loss. being overweight is not encouraged if you have hypertensionfor smokers, you have to stop smoking as this will increase your risk of other diseases brought by hypertension like heart attack and strokeswatch what you eat to get rid of hypertension. reduce your salt intake. salt or sodium aggravates your hypertension.fruits and vegetables high in potassium are recommended to lower blood pressure.have a regular exercise this will lower blood pressure and improves blood flow.limit or avoid alcoholic drinks. if you cannot avoid it limit it to 1-2 drinks a day.avoid stress and try to relax, there's nothing better than a stress free life. although you may be under medications, still, you have to modify your lifestyle to prevent and get rid of hypertension. but did you know that you can lower your blood pressure and get rid of hypertension naturally without the use of high-priced drugs and its harmful side effects? lower your blood pressure, eliminate ghastly prescription-pill expenses and maintain a totally stress-free life visit the silent killer exposed. defeat high blood pressureabout the author gerry restrivera writes informative articles on various subjects including how to get rid of hypertension. to know more about health and beauty remedies visit great discovery-health and beauty also, you can read about natural regulator of blood pressure high-rite



posted by andrew holmes @ 7:22 pm 

      
         0 comments






wednesday, january 10, 2007



	 
	 "weight loss" - the basics of losing weight
	 
    


a large majority of the people who are over weight are not so by choice - they gain weight due to a number of reasons. these reasons can be hereditary, lifestyle related or connected with the environment and surroundings of the person concerned. whatever the reason for gain of weight, the person gaining weight invariably wishes to lose the extra pounds he/she has put on.  weight loss is however a target that not everyone is able to achieve. losing even a small amount of weight can be a major challenge. the reason for this is simple - most people approach weight loss as a one time solution instead of a continuous effort.  weight loss is not as simple as it sounds; it is not simply doing away that extra weight on the body. it is actually a complete change in your lifestyle and eating habits. it needs you to understand that your body has undergone certain changes which caused it to gain weight.  there can be a number of methods for losing weight - you can consult a doctor who can prescribe an exercise regimen, a weight loss diet or weight loss diet pills. or you might be advised a combination of any two or all of them. the most natural method for weight loss is of course exercising and diets; however they might not necessarily prove to be effective for everyone. this shortcoming of natural weight loss methods has caused an increase in the usage of weight loss pills across the world. weight loss pills are medications designed and formulated specially to help people who are chronically overweight to lose weight effectively and then also keep it down.  when used in combination with a proper diet and exercise regimen, weight loss pills turn out to be extremely effective methods of losing weight. they also help in keeping the weight down.  while majority of the weight loss pills are prescription only medications and require you to do a consultation with a registered doctor, there are also certain medications that are available over the counter. these medications are normally herbal formulations that purportedly contain all natural weight loss ingredients.about the author jignesh gohel who is associated with http://www.weightworld.co.uk would present the latest weight loss information and products through the portal.read about new weight loss product - hoodia balance



posted by andrew holmes @ 4:31 pm 

      
         0 comments










 





