



huddleston performance



























			engines




13.90 magnum



			11.90 magnum



9 second magnum



			8.90 sniper jr.




8.90 sniper jr. ultimate



			7.90 sniper lite 3.5





7.90 
			sniper ultimate
 














packages





13.90 magnum




11.90 magnum




9 second magnum



							8.90 sniper jr.




8.90 sniper jr. 
							ultimate



							7.90 sniper lite 3.5





7.90 
			sniper ultimate
















							clutches





holeshot series 
							od 



original series od



							clutch components




ramps




helixes















							turn-key racecar



the hp difference



hp assassin turn-key cars
















							components




carburetor




clutch



							racecar












							 



new inventory




used




apparel




faq



contact
							 











 
 
 
 

				 

u.s.a.
 
 

huddleston 
			performance continues to expand overhead valve line-up, more set to 
			debut soon

**hp 
			8 second magnum billet/billet - $3,995**

                                            
			                   
the huddleston 
			performance 8 second magnum billet/billet ohv is a fantastic choice 
			for most of you looking to go 8.90's today. at only $3,995 complete, 
			it checks a lot of the boxes for our hp racers. cost effective, 
			strong, durable, and very easy to tune/race, the hp 8 second magnum 
			billet/billet is going to become more and more popular in the jr. 
			dragster world. using a billet crankshaft, billet cylinder head, pvl 
			ignition, hp prepped 33mm methanol carb, we have been well into the 
			8 second range with this combination. for more details, click here 
			to read more. (link active soon!)

**hp 
			8 second magnum cast/forged - $2,995**

                                                
			
the huddleston 
			performance 8 second magnum cast/forged is a great option for those 
			wanting a good running piece, but the budget is the biggest thing to 
			their program. this combination gives you a strong piece, but keeps 
			pricing in mind at only $2,995 for a complete engine. the hp 8 
			second magnum cast/forged has a forged crankshaft, aftermarket cast 
			head, billet rod, billet flywheel, and hp prepped 30mm methanol 
			carburetor. we have been in the 8 sec range with this engine, as 
			well as customers that have been well into the 8 second range with 
			this one! for more detail, click here. (link active soon!)

**hp 
			9 second magnum - $2,295**

                                                     
			
the hp 9 second 
			magnum is an awesome choice for racers who don't care about specific 
			et's, but want a great piece at a low price. we have run in the 9 
			second range with this engine, and it offers great longevity. a 
			complete engine, the hp 9 second magnum has a billet rod, 
			aftermarket valve train, and an hp prepped methanol carb. this is a 
			great stop off point between 11.90 and 8.90 for those wanting to go 
			quicker, but not spend a lot doing it. for more detail, click here. 
			(link active soon!)

**hp 
			11.90 magnum ultimate - $2,395**

                                                  
			
the name says 
			it all on our huddleston performance 11.90 magnum ultimate, this is 
			the ultimate in 11.90 racing these days. starting with the base of 
			our hp 11.90 magnum, the ultimate steps up in valve train and 
			exterior looks over the standard. as can be seen in the photos, the 
			valve cover, side cover, finger guard, and coated header are all 
			improved. however, what can't be seen in photos is the billet roller 
			rockers that are put into the hp 11.90 magnum ultimate. this is the 
			combination you want for 11.90 if you're looking for the top 
			combination. for full details, read more here. (link active soon!)

**hp 
			11.90 magnum standard - $1,595**
                           
			
the huddleston 
			performance 11.90 magnum sets the standard in 11.90 competition. 
			this little package checks all the boxes for racers just beginning 
			their jr. careers. cost effective, at only $1,595 complete, the hp 
			11.90 magnum doesn't cost a lot to get your young racer on the 
			track. longevity is unrivaled, as we have racers who have put over 
			400 runs on their magnums without freshen up. (we recommend 
			freshening every 200 though.) easy to race, the hp 11.90 magnum is 
			as easy as it comes to go down the racetrack with, a wide tuning 
			range makes first time crew chiefs have a much easier way to go. 
			overall for the majority of jr. dragster families, this is the 
			package to start with! for more details, click here. (link active 
			soon!)

**hp 
			13.90 magnum - $1,795**

                               
			
the huddleston 
			performance 13.90 magnum is in a league of it's own, literally, we 
			are one of the only to tackle a true 13.90 combination for the jr. 
			sport. this engine makes it much easier to go slower than has ever 
			previously been achieved. a small cubic inch, small carburetor, and 
			muffler included header, makes the hp 13.90 magnum a great piece to 
			start with for your new racer. we use one of these on our in-house 
			driver lakynn huddleston's hot rod these days with great success. an 
			added benefit to these, with the muffled exhaust you can easily 
			communicate with your new driver when on the track! the hp 13.90 
			magnum is also available in an ultimate form as well for $2,595! for 
			full details on these, click here. (link active soon!) 

huddleston 
			performance engines
                  
			
     
			
     
			
the huddleston performance 
			sniper series engine line-up was created to win. whether you're 
			looking to win races or championships, we can help you at every step 
			of the way. not only do you receive winning combinations with our 
			huddleston performance product, but you gain access to a knowledge 
			base that is nearly impossible to recreate in your relatively short 
			jr. dragster career. regardless of your level of experience, we fill 
			in the gaps to help you win and do so in short order.
our 11.90 magnum series engine 
			is the perfect starter engine. an inexpensive, yet well built, 
			alcohol burning jr. dragster engine, it is intended to help you 
			learn the ropes without breaking the bank! next is our hp 8.90 
			sniper jr. and hp 8.90 sniper jr. ultimate series of engine, these 
			are the best components available in jr. racing. these engines, 
			along with our hp knowledge, can make you a championship contender 
			regardless of your experience level. to finish out your jr. career 
			is our hp 7.90 sniper lite and hp 7.90 sniper lite ultimate. these 
			combinations set the standard in 7.90 racing, with the most heavy 
			duty components available. 
also, for those of you who 
			don't run hp product, can't quite make the switch yet, but want the 
			highest standard in the industry working on your engine, we at 
			huddleston performance freshen and maintain most all major brands of 
			jr. dragster engine in the market today. from repair to simple 
			maintenance between seasons, we can take care of you and your 
			already existing package as much as we do our hp combos!
we work hard to keep engine 
			packages in stock and ready for immediate shipment. while this isn't 
			always the case in today's world, it is rare that we have long lead 
			times on any of our hp combinations. we don't suggest waiting until 
			the last minute to order your stuff, but if you do, our in stock 
			product can help save the day a lot of times! for full details on 
			our various combinations, check out the links above and below!
 


13.90 magnum         
			
11.90 magnum         
			
9 second magnum's         
			
 

8.90 sniper 
			jr.         
			

			8.90 sniper jr. ultimate         
			

			7.90 sniper lite         
			

7.90 sniper lite ultimate
 

huddleston 
			performance holeshot series clutch
                                    
			                                  
			
huddleston performance is the 
			leader in the jr. dragster clutch market today. from longevity to 
			tunability, both our holeshot series and original series clutches 
			cover all the bases you will need. we only offer over-drive clutches 
			to help simplify things for you, and to help you needing to purchase 
			multiple units through your jr. career. our original series saves 
			you some money on the front end, but isn't quite as heavy duty. 
			while our holeshot series is nearly bullet proof, and can last your 
			from 11.90 to 7.90 if well cared for!
our clutch inventory has done a 
			good job of staying constant over the years. even with today's 
			supply chain issues facing much of the world, our clutch supply has 
			remained strong. we typically have multiple original series and 
			holeshot series units in stock and ready to ship out quickly. if 
			you're looking for a strong, consistent, tunable piece then our 
			huddleston performance clutches are the way to go. check out full 
			details at the links below.
 
                           
			hp 
			holeshot series od clutch                                     
			

hp original series od clutch
 


 

