



	alumni center | mckinsey & company




































learn about all the services available in the alumni center


about the alumni program






        featured news
    









in case you missed them: top alumni features of 2024

january 29, 2025 – a chinese calligrapher; a burnout expert; inspiring corporate leadership; alumni working to prevent cancer; and more. catch up on our most-read alumni articles.


















from stress to rest: strategies to prevent burnout

october 23, 2024 – chronic stress causes physical changes in the brain and body. alum brankele frank, a neurobiologist with personal experience of...  burnout, discusses its effects with jacqueline brassey of the mckinsey health institute.














leading with integrity: an alum's impact at a fortune 500 company

september 12, 2024 – in this interview led by senior partner vik malhotra, deanna mulligan discusses her decade-long tenure as ceo of guardian life,...  which was marked by a strong emphasis on values, innovation, and strategic growth.














driving change: how three alumni are shaping the future through sustainable, inclusive growth

july 19, 2024 – explore the journeys of three visionaries who are using their mckinsey-honed skills to accelerate global change.














three alums make forbes 30 under 30 asia

july 19, 2024 – discover how our alumni are making waves in their fields as they share their journeys to landing on the forbes 30 under 30 asia...  list.














from values to ventures: mckinsey’s core values leave an imprint

june 26, 2024 – discover how three mckinsey alumni have turned values into cornerstone strategies for their groundbreaking companies.














the golden touch: alumni shine in the 2024 forbes midas list

june 26, 2024 – find out which 8 alumni made forbes' list of top venture capitalists.














the promise of ai

may 10, 2024 – an alum discusses tech literacy, applications in mental health, and completing beethoven's 10th symphony.



sorry, we couldn't find any results. try removing some filters.















mckinsey uses cookies to improve site functionality,
                  provide you with a better browsing experience, and to enable our partners to advertise to you.
                  detailed information on the use of cookies on this site, and how you can decline them, is provided in
                  our cookie policy. by using this site or clicking on
                  "ok", you consent to the use of cookies.

ok



















