



turner mills - home























home
products

firewood processor
custom orders
ground models
hydraulic models
trailer models
sawmil order form
firewood order form


features & specs
price list
testimonials/photos



















 






 the turner hydraulic mill offers the best of sawing ease utilizing hydraulic power to do all the work for you. 
 the trailer model features include a 20' track and a 22" high saw deck which eases log loading. all operator functions are made from one side of the mill, with the sawdust exiting the opposite side, making a cleaner, more productive workspace. 
down to earth sawing at its best. a 20' track and a wide variety of power plants makes the ground model very popular and easy to use.




more




more




more










turner band sawmills offers for sale portable bandsaw mills ranging from a  basic ground unit to a full hydraulic trailer model.  
<< shown here is the turner mills firewood processor.
 
after owning and not being satisfied with other portable sawmills in years past, i decided to design a reliable, portable band saw mill that would be rugged enough to withstand my everyday use.  you can see for yourself the simplicity, durability and creativity of my portable sawmill design.  ease of use and affordability was a priority without jeopardizing durability.  my goal was to give the customer what he needs to do the job, such as a 20’ track, 4 log clamps and stops, double roller blade guides, and a saw head rugged enough to accommodate a 9 through 24 hp engine with locally available parts and most of all, eliminating band blade breakage.   
our options retrofit all of our band mills making it easy and affordable to upgrade. i personally build each saw head, testing and fine-tuning them to assure the best quality and performance.  for 30 years we have been designing and  manufacturing band sawmills that will provide the customer with the highest available return on investment.  



(view a video of our hydraulic loading band sawmill in action)
(view a video of the hydraulic bandsaw mill cutting a huge slab)
(view a video of our 13 hp honda ground model band sawmill in action) 
(view a video of our firewood processor in action) 







home · hydraulic bandsaw  mill · trailer model · ground model · firewood processor  · testimonials & photos
features/specs · price list ·  sawmill order form  · firewood processor order form  · custom orders
phone: 603-813-2136  or 607-316-4840 e-mail: info@turnermills.com
              turner mills, 557 s. barnstead rd., center barnstead, nh 03225








