












buy belgian beers, chocolates, waffles, cheeses, speculoos... online/the belgian shop from belgium

















belgian beers
belgian chocolates
belgian waffles
belgian cheeses
belgian grocer








belgian shop
buy online ! the best way to buy !!!
hundreds of belgian products shipped globally. beer, cheese, chocolate, spirit, glasses, christmas, xmas gift delivered at your door. belgianshop, the reference regarding the belgian beers.

start the visit









belgian shopbuy online ! the best way to buy !


start the visit






 buy online beers and many other products

                        you can find here most of the products belgium is famous for in the whole world: beer, chocolate, waffles, speculoos, devos lemmens sauces, pancakes, cheese, cuberdons,.....
                        with more than 1,300 items available at our site, we hope you will enjoy your visit to belgianshop and, eventually, will not resist the temptation to obtain these
                        belgian riches for yourselves or your family, friends, relatives.... belgianshop is the only online shop offering beers from the seven trappist abbeys.
                    


 quality

                        we wish you a very pleasant shopping at our web store and hope you will bring your friends and relatives to belgianshop next times you visit it. belgianshop is a belgian company
                        based at verviers. we guarantee the freshness of all our products .we ship globally since .. 1998!! and it doesn't take generally more than a few days to receive at your door ( or at your office),
                        the articles purchased. with more than 4.200 customers during the last 3 years, we can say that belgianshop is a reference regarding the belgian beers in the world! welcome and enjoy! we hope sincerely
                        that you'll appreciate our services.
                    


 100% secure

                        belgianshop offers also a 100% secure web site, which means that from the moment you enter the online shop till you leave it you find yourselves in an absolutely secure area.
                        belgianshop works in strict compliance with pci security norms and trustwave and ogone directives.
                        this proves once again that satisfaction and security of the customers are the priority for belgianshop.
                    


 since 1998

                        our services have been available to the internet surfers of the whole world since… 1998! such a long history is a good evidence of the reliability of our enterprise..
                        belgianshop delivers the ordered products to any part of the world within the shortest delays.
                    



























