










go ballooning – hot air ballooning brisbane, gold coast and australia wide

































































































​ 





















 


sign in your account to have access to different features




username



password



							 remember me						




forgot your password?







forgot your details?




username or email


 



aah, wait, i remember now!




 



© copyright 2018 go ballooning gold coast pty ltd, all rights reserved.

































home
about

gallery

photos
videos
in the media




gift vouchers
packages
our partners
contact us

faq’s
careers


 

book now 






no products in cart.

























australia's most memorablehot air ballooning adventurebook your tickets 


















 







  










 



flight packageshot air balloon flight packageclick to bookmoreromance packagesgift with a lift, bubbles in the air and the vip exclusive charterclick to bookmoregift vouchersgift with a liftclick to bookmoregroup plusprivate chartersvip exclusive balloonclick to bookmore 









 






 welcome togo ballooninghome of the world’s largest pink hot air balloon!
enjoy an amazing sunrise flight over the gold coast or hinterland. join us for a thrilling adventure filled with fun, sunshine, and unforgettable moments.
we believe..."life is not measured by the breaths you take but by the moments that take your breath away.”fly with us and make your bucket list dreams a reality. breathtaking views, unforgettable moments, and memories to last a lifetime await. book now and let the adventure begin!
murray & carly blyth
your host
 





















 






  




  




 






 why do we love
flying in our
"pink" balloon?the reason we do what we do is so we can help others in need, as we partner with the mcgrath foundation!
 




































 





 




 frequently asked questions

how can i purchase a flight or gift voucher?


 flight and gift vouchers can be purchased online from the menu above.
alternatively, you can contact our reservations team 
on 1300 fly hot.
we look forward to hearing from you!
 


what time of the year is best to fly?


 the gold coast is one of the only locations in the world where flights are scheduled all year round. so any day is a good day to fly!
 


what if the weather is no good on the day?


 if your balloon flight is cancelled by us due to unsuitable weather conditions we let you know, then you are welcome to re-book anytime within a 12 month period. we confirm all our flights the night before around 7pm. 
 


why do you fly so early?


 balloon flights take place at sunrise on the gold coast as this is when the weather conditions are at their most stable. ideal conditions for ballooning consist of light winds and cool, calm atmospheric conditions.
 


how safe is ballooning?


 hot air ballooning is one of the safest forms of aviation in australia. go ballooning.com boasts the gold coast’s most experienced operator and we simply will not fly if the conditions are not safe to do so. we are governed by casa (civil aviation safety authority) the same as qantas or virgin australia and fly strictly to the guidelines set down by them.
 


how long does the balloon flight take?


 our flights vary between 30 and 60 minutes with an average flight time of 45 minutes. the total time you are with us on the morning of your flight is approximately 4 hours. this includes a flight briefing from your pilot, completing some paperwork, travelling to and from the launch and landing sites in one of our shuttle buses and the 5 star buffet breakfast at the sheraton afterwards.
 


how high will the balloon go?


 balloons are incredibly versatile, so on the morning of your flight you might find yourself flying anywhere between tree top height and up to 7.5 thousand feet.
 









  




 support local tourism. buy direct. 







 





 up, up, and away! 
embark on a thrilling hot air balloon ride with us. 










 ultimate bucket list experienceour customers' incredible  balloon ride memories 










  

 
				name not found			




				best experience we had when traveling around gold coast !			
 08/02/25
 



 
				eiger gypsy			




				that's a wonderful memory. i will recommend it to my friends			
 07/02/25
 



 
				杨数理			




				beautiful scenery, very memorable experience!			
 07/02/25
 



 
				m chu			




				fantastic ride !! the drive was perfectly arranged end-to-end :)			
 07/02/25
 



 
				rahul jain			




				it was a breathtaking experience.❤️❤️			
 07/02/25
 



 
				zixin zhuang			




				very good experience！thanks you guys🫶🫶🫶			
 04/02/25
 



 
				jian kang			




				it was a wonderful experience for me and my family, highly recommend			
 27/01/25
 



 
				andrew denyer			




				brilliant company with great organisation and staff. would highly recommend to all			
 27/01/25
 



 
				saira the amazing			




				the view was beautiful and the staff were really nice.			
 22/01/25
 



 
				catherine taylor			




				amazing experience, unforgettable 😁			
 19/01/25
 



 
				vidyaganesh vinayagamoorthy			




				it was exelexnt			
 16/01/25
 



 
				yuanmao ma			




				i’ve fly with go ballooning 3 times. soooooo goooood!			
 15/01/25
 



 
				ling tong			




				feel amazing and not scared at all the staff were really nice			
 15/01/25
 



 
				peter wang			




				great service and experience			
 11/01/25
 



 
				amandeep singh			




				it was a great experiencing the go ballooning and the guide was awesome			
 09/01/25
 



 
				matthew bretherton			




				amazing experience. thank you to the entire team.			
 03/01/25
 



 
				saurabh sarraf			




				great experience!! well planned😇			
 31/12/24
 



 
				jodie macfarlane			




				the flight was breath taking and well organised			
 29/12/24
 



 
				cyan peng			




				nice view! nice staffs! nice experience! it was a wonderful fight with go ballooning!			
 25/12/24
 



 
				ankit goyal			




				it was amazing and life experience. specially their staff everyone was humble & caring			
 25/12/24
 


 










 100% certifiedfor take off! 




  




  




  




  







 
 




 for more information, please contact 
our head office;› 1300 fly hot
› info@goballooning.com
 




 operating hours 




 monday to sunday     |    4am - 10pm
let's get connected 




















 





 











 © copyright 2022 go ballooning gold coast pty ltd, all rights reserved.   terms & conditions
 




 website by gold coast web designers
 






top



 












































