






algiers charter schools

































enroll
donate today
translate
 search

☰


children first, for a better future




algiers charter school
x



+about»about algiers charter»our history»chief leadership team»faculty & staff»notices and procedures+schools»martin behrman charter school»l.b. landry high school+board»board of trustees»board notices, agendas & minutes+departments»academics»communications»food service»health services»human resources»transportation»technology+for families»bus routes»parent resources»ac teaching/learning process»covid-19»learning resources»student handbooks+employees»careers»employee resources+contact»contact us»directions»records request release consent form»financial records request form+quick links»exceptional student services»powerschool»public custodian of records»school menus»report bullying or cyberbullying»transportation»report child abuse or neglect»report fraud

                    children first, for a better future
                



algiers charter school













x














skip to content
skip to menu




















martin behrmancharter school
resilient, respectful,responsible, ready to learn
learn more


l.b. landryhigh school
committed to excellence
learn more













latest news




 news and announcements 







                             super bowl lix: a week of talent, learning, and community at algiers charter schools
                    

                        the excitement surrounding super bowl lix wasn’t just confined to the game itself. algiers charter schools took part in a series of events and activities that celebrated learning, community engagement, and the joy of sports and music throughout the week leading up to the big game.
                    






                             landry choir & band’s unforgettable super bowl lix experience
                    

                        what an unforgettable journey it has been for the landry concert choir and the “pride of algiers” band as they showcased their incredible talents at super bowl lix! these remarkable students were given a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to perform and march at one of the world’s most-watched events, and they did not disappoint.
                    






                             a symphony of generosity: the louisiana philanthropic orchestra’s visit to martin behrman school
                    

                        algiers charter-martin behrman school hosted the louisiana philanthropic orchestra for a thrilling musical event, marking its second year of inspiring arts celebrations.
                    






                             empowering our future: links love hbcus mentoring program kicks off
                    

                        the links love hbcus mentoring program empowers young women by introducing them to hbcus and developing their leadership skills for future success. read more...
                    






                             janiya amani belle named 2025 8th grade student of the year regional honoree
                    

                        behrman middle school's janiya amani belle is a 2025 student of the year regional honoree.
                    






                             celebrating excellence: dr. tammi griffin-major named wla cohort 6 speaker of the year honoree
                    








                             jaden eubanks wins 2025 algiers mardi gras festival poster competition
                    

                        l.b. landry junior jaden eubanks won the 2025 algiers mardi gras festival poster competition, showcasing the creativity within algiers charter schools.
                    






                             make your vote count!
                    

                        orleans parish high school voter registration drive and early voting day inspire civic engagement
                    






                             mbc students surprised with supplies!
                    

                        algiers charter has committed to providing school supply list items for students from pk4 through 8th grade. this initiative will ensure that all prek-4 through 8th grade students are ready for learning during the start of the 2024-2025 school year.
                    






                             class of 2024 creates memories!
                    

                        featuring inspiring speeches by salutatorian yohana gutierrez and valedictorian destinee manuel.
                    





show all


<
>











our mission
algiers charter is committed to educational excellence by preparing every student with the knowledge, skills and values to thrive in college, career and life.









calendar of events
show calendar
show all












upcoming events



feb
15





								lbl: leap connect testing
								





								l. b. l. poseidon parade 
								


time:

								4:00 pm 
								
								 - 11:00 pm






feb
16





								lbl: leap connect testing
								






feb
17





								lbl: leap connect testing
								






feb
18





								l. b. l. workkeys testing 
								











why choose ac?



2005
established


132
teaching staff


1,321
students




40+
teachers with master's degrees


1:10
student:teacher ratio


high-performingpre-k program 





our values

accountability
collaborative
social integrity
achiever









algiers
charter




  














 








        view this profile on instagram            algiers charter schools (@algierscharter) • instagram photos and videos 





martin behrman
charter school




  
























        view this profile on instagram            martin behrman charter school (@behrmancharter) • instagram photos and videos 





landry
high school




  
























        view this profile on instagram            l.b. landry high school (@lblandryhs) • instagram photos and videos















algiers charter schools

address

				2916 general degaulle dr., suite 103
				new orleans, la 70114			

(504) 302-7001


resources
public custodian of records
governing board
report child abuse or neglect
report bullying or cyber bullying
report fraud
student privacy act
title ix nondiscrimination
title ix personnel team training
educational rights of students with disabilities
asbestos content & management plan



powered by educational networks

















