






the music biz academy: music business 101















for independent musicians in the business of selling, promoting or doing
						music on the internet











untitled





home | articles | bookstore | promote your music | music is your business | subscribe twitter | start a record label | radio promotion | cd art design 
    | music career help





















how to promote your music on the internet!

read a
sample chapter                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        



music business 101:
making music your life
 at the music business academy, we have two primary goals: first, we aim									to teach musicians how to use the internet to their financial advantage, whether that means using the net to sell
									more cds, 'get the word out,' or simply to make some extra cash. secondly, we aim to arm musicians with all the
									information they need to move their music career forward in the 'real' world, with or without a major label record
									deal. browse our huge directory of original music business articles and tips,
									or get help with planning strategies for effective music promotion on the internet! 

subscribe free...
									to the music biz academy newsletter! music promotion tips, articles, site recommendations, and industry news will be delivered
									to your inbox. it's free! details here. 

do you twitter? now you can follow musicbizacademy.com on twitter!






the latest additions...
music business articles & tips for musicians.
have an article or commentary about the music industry that will help and/or encourage independent musicians? 
submit your own music business article here. 
view all music business articles in our topical index. 

i get emails.... boy, do i get emails! 
today i'm going to share with you a response i wrote to a well-intentioned guy who was clearly very passionate about getting some artists he'd found into the mainstream. he was fairly polite, and even though he had no idea how to write or talk to a music industry professional... i felt kinda sorry for him.

streaming royalties suck now, but just wait
 spotify et al are still relatively new companies and services. whenever any new digital music company launches; musicians, labels etc. think they are some kind of instant savior that will make all artists and labels finally rich and famous. but how can that be?

the importance of a youtube channel for your music business
facebook, twitter, pinterest. we all know
that social media marketing is the way forward. but if you’re involved in
music, there is really only one social network you should be using. youtube is
booming in popularity - 3 billion hours of video are watched every month
– so if you’re not sharing videos, you’re missing out. article by djembe drum shop.

hiring a music attorney: some insider tips
if you are seeking a career in the music business, there
will most likely come a time when consulting with an attorney will be
helpful. as an attorney myself for over twenty years, i have observed
over the years many attorneys working with their clients, and i have seen many
attorney-client relationships work and not work. i want to discuss here, completely candidly, what i believe what you
should know about hiring an attorney and working successfully with that
attorney. article by bart day.

money for your music: facts about music licensing
where music meets
licensing, there's money to be made. how much money? we have all read
about the multi-million-dollar deals for icon bands like the rolling
stones and led zeppelin, but what about the money for the rest of us?  article by the g-man. 

how to double your music business income
want more money from your music business? sure... but that would involve a lot more work, right? not really...  in fact, you probably are already doing the work; you're just leaving money on the table. article by david hooper. 

making a living from just your musiccan it be done? can it really be done? the answer is yes. i've
been doing it. i've been making a living from music for the last seven
years now. living the dream. doing music full time. commentary by david nevue.
see also:
									the four fronts of your music career and internet promotion 101. 

have an article or commentary about the music industry that will help and/or encourage independent musicians? 
submit your music business article here.  quote...
"i've been promoting my music on the internet since 1995. i'm
									now doing music full time. i didn't need a record label to accomplish that. i did it on my own, by the grace of
									god, and in fact, i really don't care if my music ever is 'discovered' by a major record label. what i do care
									about is the fans who listen to my music every day, how it touches their lives, and how it brings them joy. i get
									such encouragement from my fans, email from people i've never met from all around the world. and now i'm able to
									work from home, write my music, and spend more time with my wife and beautiful little boy.
									that is my definition of success." - david nevue, author of how to promote your music successfully on the internet.



contact us...
									if you have an order 
                                                question, or wish to submit an article, you can get info here. 
                                                or, if you'd like, feel free 
                                                to link 
                                                to us. 











untitled






follow the 
music biz academy
on twitter. get instant notifcation of new music promotion tips tips, music business articles, resources and news. it's all business, all the time.


 
subscribe free...
									to the music biz academy newsletter! music promotion tips, articles, site recommendations, and industry news will be delivered
to your inbox. details here. 


our top 25 articles
how to write an artist bio
performance
contracts
mastering your music
how to copyright music
21             songwriting tips
tax tips for musicianssell your cds online
what's
a record deal about?
artist/band interview form
inside
record labels
internship
do's & don'ts
how to make a living w/ music
how
to write a press release
reasons
demos are rejected
facts about music licensing
trademark your band name?
planning
a radio campaign
a
legal checklist
industry quotes to live by
songwriting techniques
guerrilla
marketing tips
starting a music business
live performance
music marketing plan
can u afford distribution? lots
			more articles...

the four fronts 
of the music business 
articles and commentary 
by christopher knab.


			all content © 1996-2013
			midnight rain productions. 
			all rights reserved.
privacy policy


 











