




dr. jean - music for young children



















































 

ver esta pã¡gina en espaã±ol 




search dr. jean's website
          




 enter a phrase, tooty ta or reading calendar, for example and click the search button above
            

scroll down for link to download little snowman.



let's talk february events!

  children's dental health month
click for info and links to posters



story time
 check this story about finny and his dream. oral language, phonological awareness, comprehension, sequencing, and multiple skills are reinforced with stories. many things go in and out of style, but a good story is everlasting. 

click here for playlist with all stories.






click here to see dr. jean's seasonal playlist.






lots of great winter ideas
                  for your classroom below:








 













click images to visit blog links


 click the links below or the 
                individual images above to view. 
 valentine's jokes   sweet ways  
gifts and cards   will you be? 
dental health   autism 
i don't want to   vowel family












click to download i'm a little snowman 
              includes a link to download song file



 
                  dr. jean's youtube channel
                  has hundreds of videos. 
                  you will find them grouped by topic.
click here to view all playlists.



 
paperback version - sale price -  40% off
click for more info











 
 click to see your streaming options.





click image to view dr. jean's letters and sounds playlist.



many of the videos dr. jean has on youtube were produced with the intention of supporting teachers and parents. we hope that you enjoy this one. if you haven't already subscribed, go ahead and click subscribe when you view the video.







click image to view one of
          dr. jean's new story videos.





 

classroom teachers may download and use any materials on this site with their students and the students' families. anyone else downloading for any other reason, including use in teacher workshops, must have written permission from dr. jean feldman.  site contents are protected by copyright.








 




search dr. jean's web site




 enter a  phrase, tooty ta or reading calendar, for example and click the search button above
        


  



© dr. jean and friends, llc
 



essential ssl

 


snowglobe.png
snowcoveredtree.png
finnyswimmingalone.png




finnyswimmingalone.png
snowglobe.png
snowcoveredtree.png




