








- long beach historical society - long beach new york


































































 
 






 





long beach historical society – long beach new york
long beach ny


menu
skip to content
home
about us

membership
our mission
archives
estates club
donations


arts & crafts fair
event calendar

photo gallery


gift shop
contact us
 











barrier island film festival
join us on march 8th at 7:00 pm for our barrier island film festival. we are showcasing six short films and two music videos (one video was shot at our museum house!)
tickets are $25 for members / $30 for non-members. seating is limited.
purchase tickets at eventbrite here.

women in long beach history

join us for women in long beach history on march 13th at 7:00 pm at the museum. discussion will be led by eileen pollis, librarian and lifelong long beach resident.

spring tea

soon it will be spring, and our annual tea is around the corner! join us on april 6th at 1:00 pm for tea, scrumptious finger food, and a presentation by our master gardener, phyllis ginsberg, on the history of gardening in long beach, and lynne turner, who will lead a discussion on using native plants in today’s gardens.
tickets are $45 each and can be purchased on eventbrite. 


the museum needs repairs and significant restoration work. all 47 windows in our architecturally significant museum need to be restored. our basement floor is cracking, our chimney needs work, and numerous other projects are needed to restore our museum to its original glory.

please consider donating to the long beach historical society’s restoration fund. we seek $25,000 in our generous donations to begin restoration work on our most urgent projects. no donation is too small, and we appreciate every penny.
our motto is: “we bring history to the community and the community to history.”




a brief video, created by joseph miller, about the origins of the museum house and the long beach historical and preservation society, long beach, new york.









donate securely with paypal



newsworthy events! 
march 8, barrier island film festival
march 13, women in long beach history
march 27, discovering the lost voices of long beach
april 6, seaside gardening tea party

go to our calendar for more information

useful links 
long beach centennial chats
an archive of our third thursday community chats

long beach online archival museum
view over 2,500 items from our long beach archival museum collection for free 
 



like us and follow us! 

 
 
the museum & garage is open to the public on sundays. private appointments can be scheduled by calling the museum at (516) 432-1192. 

 





	© 2025 all rights reserved. the long beach historical and preservation society, 226 west penn street, long beach ny 11561 (516) 432-1192 
    		    	designed by cohn design works



the long beach historical & preservation society



homeabout us

membership our mission archives estates club donations
arts & crafts fairevent calendar

photo gallery
gift shopcontact us





