







about face permanent cosmetics



















































home


services


testimonials


faq


contact





menu








street address
city, state, zip
phone number






tracy lapierre (files)| 832.368.8580











home


services


testimonials


faq


contact














about face - permanent makeup houston, tx










view fullsize







                                                                                              actual client





about face permanent cosmetics -serving the houston area for over 15 yearsimagine waking up always looking your best with perfectly shaped eyebrows, and beautifully defined eyes & lips. today, more women are choosing the convenience of a wash and wear face with eyebrows, eyeliner and lip color that will not run, smudge or smear. let us apply your makeup once and for all!




    learn more
  



$25 off new service purchases (expires 2/28/18

 

 about face permanent cosmetics is perfect for busy people who have little time to apply makeup, for the athlete who wants to look natural, and those with oily skin whose makeup seems to disappear after a short time. also, those allergic to conventional cosmetics or contact lens wearers may benefit from the application of  permanent makeup.we offer cosmetic enhancements including eyeliner, eyebrows, 3d microblading brows, lip liner, full lip color, beauty marks, and lash enhancements. we also offer advance paramedical procedures.whether you would like to create a soft natural look or a more defined dramatic one, or you would like to correct nature's mistakes, we are ready to meet your needs at one of our many houston area locations.

 

call today and let us help youdiscover a more beautiful you!




“permanent makeup is a wonderful alternative to a daily makeup routine. it is my committed objective to to work with you to achieve the image you desire. combining knowledge, skill and a personal touch, i am confident that our objectives will be met.”

— tracy lapierre (files)

 










summary block

        this is example content. double-click here and select a page to feature its content.
        
          learn more







featured
















latest article























web design by gm









