

femci - finite element modeling continuous improvement at nasa goddard space flight center



















  



finite element modeling continuous improvement
femci.gsfc.nasa.govnasa goddard space flight centergreenbelt, maryland, usamechanical systems analysis and simulation branch, code 542
welcome
thank you for visiting the femci website, home to useful, obscure and even occasionally frivolous knowledge on finite element analysis and modeling.  we hope you enjoy your visit.
the femci website is an online archive of mostly nastran-based finite element analysis information.  some information can be applied to other finite element analysis programs, such as the principles behind the validity checks, but in general, femci is exclusively nastran.
femci no longer an active group and does not hold regular meetings or workshops.  please ignore any references as such on any of the site's pages.  we do, however, from time to time update or add information to the site to maintain its usefulness as a finite element analysis resource.
contacting femci
if you would like to contact those of us responsible for the femci website, please use the following e-mail addresses.

for technical questions about specific site content, write to the e-mail address given on the individual femci page.
the responsible nasa official for the entire femci website is jeff bolognese, the code 542 branch head.
if you think you've found an error on one of the webpages or notice a broken link, the webmaster is ryan simmons.
note:  the e-mail address femci@mscmail.gsfc.nasa.gov is no longer in use.







home 
femci book 
presentations 
references 
workshop 
links 

femci is 


 
      - privacy & security 
      - content rating 
 

 
	  - nasa gsfc 
	  - gsfc code 542 








home 
| femci book 
| presentations
| references
| workshop 
| links

| about 
| minutes
| privacy


last modified october 2009
	jeff bolognese, responsible nasa official
ryan simmons, technical administrator
privacy, security, notices

