


contest blog daily 2006: essay international photo contest competition photography prize $ internship scholarship essey essays



























    
	contest blog daily
	
  
my blog will be useful for you if you take a great interest in rivalry, essays writing, photography and want to win some money!








tuesday, april 25, 2006



	 atlas shrugged essay contest
    


the atlas shrugged essay contest is open to undergraduate students. to participate, you must read the novel and write an essay on a selected topic that can be found on the web site. essays are judged on both style and content. the winning essay must demonstrate an outstanding grasp of the philosophic meaning of the book "atlas shrugged." complete contest guidelines are available on the web site.http://www.aynrand.org/contests/atlas.html



posted by yahor @ 10:24 pm  

      
  








	 akademos / textbookx.com spring 2006 scholarship contest
    


the akademos / textbookx.com spring 2006 scholarship contest is available to undergraduate and graduate students enrolled in good standing at an accredited college or university in the u.s. you must be a legal resident of the u.s. or an international student with a valid visa to be eligible. to apply for this scholarship, you must write a 250 to 750 word essay on the following topic: how, if at all, would american society change if the current legal right to abortion is either severely restricted or eliminated?http://www.textbookx.com/scholarship/



posted by yahor @ 10:21 pm  

      
  





tuesday, april 18, 2006




dear friends!your notifications about most interesting contests very much appreciated! let me know also about your successful participation in contests and competition.feel free to contact me via e-mail allcontests@gmail.comthanks!yahor shumski



posted by yahor @ 1:20 pm  

      
  





monday, april 17, 2006



	 goi peace foundation contest
    


the united nations has designated 2001-2010                   as the "international decade for a culture of peace and                   non-violence for the children of the world." not only                   should young people benefit from this global movement, but                   they should be empowered to play a leading role in the creation                   of a culture of peace. the theme of this year's international                   essay contest is "learning to live together: promoting                   tolerance and diversity in globalized societies." young                   people from around the world are invited to submit their creative                   ideas on this theme.youth category "learning to                                         live together: promoting tolerance and                                         diversity in globalized societies"  --                                         ignorance, exclusion, discrimination,                                         and a lack of social integration of foreigners                                         and immigrants within the main society                                         may become causes of deep frustration                                         and explosive violent clashes among young                                         people as seen in different parts of                                         the world. how can peoples of diverse                                         cultures and backgrounds live together                                         peacefully? how can young people contribute                                         to the creation of dynamic and harmonious                                         multicultural societies? formulate                                         your ideas for a project or initiative                                         to achieve this goal.resd more



posted by yahor @ 12:51 pm  

      
  





saturday, april 08, 2006



	 ifaj agricultural photo star prize
    


description: the international federation of agricultural  journalists (ifaj) invites eligible agricultural journalists to enter their  photographs in a contest for the best agricultural photograph of 2005. the prize is called the ifaj  agricultural photo star prize.  who is eligible to enter? any journalist who is a member in good standing of a national association or  guild that is a member of ifaj may enter one published photograph.  national agricultural journalist associations and guilds that are members of  ifaj may each enter up to three photos each. a national association may enter a  photo taken by a journalist who is not a member of their association, however  there is a fee for such entries (see entry fee).  under no circumstance may one person have more than one photograph entered  in the contest.  entry fee there is no entry fee for any agricultural journalist who is a member in  good standing of a national association that is a member of ifaj.  there is also no fee for any agricultural journalist who is not a member of  a ifaj-member national association, but who holds individual membership in ifaj.   fee of 25 euros for the entry by an ifaj-member national association of a  photo taken by a journalist who is not a member of their association or guild,  nor is an ifaj individual member.  what photographs are eligible to be entered? to be eligible for entry, a photograph must: be on an on-farm production subject.  photographs in this contest should enhance the editorial message of the  technical copy. a photograph that was part of a photo story may also be entered,  but only one photo from the photo story may be entered.  have been published as editorial material between 1 january 2005 and 31 december 2005.  may be either color or black & white. all entries will be posted on the ifaj web site (www.ifaj.org) for public  viewing both prior to and after the contest. all photojournalists entering  photos agree to give ifaj free rights to publish their photos on the ifaj web  site, in official ifaj publications, in ifaj publicity about the photo contest  and to display their photos during the 2006 ifaj congress in norway, 12-16  august 2006. entry deadline: 15 june 2006 award: the prize winner will be awarded a crystal trophy and a 500 euro cash prize.   the second place winner will be awarded a crystal trophy.  the awards will be presented during the 2006 ifaj congress in norway, 12-16  august 2006. entrants need not be present.contest's website



posted by yahor @ 1:13 pm  

      
  








	 international photo contest "an answer for everything"
    


moscow, 11 march 2006 - international  confederation of journalists’ unions and eurasia media center announce  competition for print photo correspondents. the competition is financed by  unesco.the competition called “an answer for everything” is dedicated to  social topics; professional photo journalists, news agencies and media  organizations whose photos reflect reality are eligible for  participation.in may 2006 the photos sent to competition will be  exhibited in moscow. deadline for applications is april 10, 2006.the  candidates must send their works and contact information to eurasia media  center, moscow, 119992, 4 zubovski boulevard (the envelope should be titled  “photo-competition”), the abovementioned documents can be sent via email as well  - info@eurasia-media.ru.



posted by yahor @ 1:12 pm  

      
  








	 idrc's expose urban solutions photo contest
    


in june 2006, canada plays host to the world urban forum in vancouver,  british columbia. participants from all over the globe will discuss solutions to  the challenges facing their cities and communities. but we want to do more than  just talk — we want to show delegates how people are making their cities better  places to live.    what it's all about: in a word, innovation. we want you to show us  the thousands of creative ways people living in cities of the south or the  developed world are tackling the challenges of urban living. we are looking for  the best digital photos that fit under these four themes:  cities feeding people (growing food in urban and peri-urban areas);  liquid gold (productive uses of water);  waste not, want not (recycling processes); and  avoiding disaster (risk-proofing the urban environment).awards: one of three cash prizes and all-expenses paid trips to vancouver, canada,  including airfare and three nights' hotel accommodation to attend the photo  awards ceremony at the world urban forum, 20 june 2006who can enter: this competition is open to all professional and/or  amateur photographers, 18 years or older.  submissions are limited to one  digital photo entry per person. multiple entries will not be accepted.      closing date for entry is thursday, 20 april 2006.  contest's website



posted by yahor @ 1:09 pm  

      
  








	 annual student writing competition
    


the review is currently accepting  articles for its 2006 student writing competition. the competition is open to  all currently enrolled undergraduate and graduate students. the author of the  winning article will receive us$.500 and will have his  or her article published in an upcoming issue of the review. the entry deadline  is  november 22, 2006.  rules 1. entries should be double-spaced with  1" margins and no longer than 45 pages including footnotes,  2. each entry must be the sole work of  the student. works previously published or with publication commitments from  other journals will not be accepted. 3. entries should include the  following:  • title page with the descriptive title of the  article, the name of author and his or her academic institution, the author's  full address, phone and fax numbers, and e-mail address;• full body of  the article, without reference to the author's name; and• all figures  and/or tables used in their original file format, e.g., microsoft excel, even if  embedded in the body. 4. text and citations should conform to  the bluebook: a uniform system of citation (18th ed. 2005), copyright  by the columbia law review association, the harvard law review association, the  university of pennsylvania law review, and the yale law journal. how to enter the review must receive all entries via  e-mail by november 22, 2006 at 5 p.m. authors will receive a notice of receipt  via e-mail no later than five working days after article submission. follow the  steps below to submit an entry electronically: 1. submissions must be in microsoft  word format and sent as an e-mail attachment.  2. in the subject line of the e-mail,  include the phrase "writing competition entry." 3. in the body of the e-mail, include  the following:  • author's name; • title of the article; • author's preferred e-mail address; • author's phone and fax  numbers. 4. entries should be e-mailed to: submissions@ilmreview.org.



posted by yahor @ 10:19 am  

      
  








	 annual student writing competition
    


the review is currently accepting  articles for its 2006 student writing competition. the competition is open to  all currently enrolled undergraduate and graduate students. the author of the  winning article will receive us$.500 and will have his  or her article published in an upcoming issue of the review. the entry deadline  is  november 22, 2006.  rules 1. entries should be double-spaced with  1" margins and no longer than 45 pages including footnotes,  2. each entry must be the sole work of  the student. works previously published or with publication commitments from  other journals will not be accepted. 3. entries should include the  following:  • title page with the descriptive title of the  article, the name of author and his or her academic institution, the author's  full address, phone and fax numbers, and e-mail address;• full body of  the article, without reference to the author's name; and• all figures  and/or tables used in their original file format, e.g., microsoft excel, even if  embedded in the body. 4. text and citations should conform to  the bluebook: a uniform system of citation (18th ed. 2005), copyright  by the columbia law review association, the harvard law review association, the  university of pennsylvania law review, and the yale law journal. how to enter the review must receive all entries via  e-mail by november 22, 2006 at 5 p.m. authors will receive a notice of receipt  via e-mail no later than five working days after article submission. follow the  steps below to submit an entry electronically: 1. submissions must be in microsoft  word format and sent as an e-mail attachment.  2. in the subject line of the e-mail,  include the phrase "writing competition entry." 3. in the body of the e-mail, include  the following:  • author's name; • title of the article; • author's preferred e-mail address; • author's phone and fax  numbers. 4. entries should be e-mailed to: submissions@ilmreview.org.



posted by yahor @ 10:19 am  

      
  








	 iadc announces  2006 legal writing contest
    


the international association of defense counsel announces its 2006 legal  writing contest, which is open to all j.d. candidates currently enrolled in  accredited law schools are eligible to submit articles. the iadc has been  serving a distinguished memberhship of corporate and insurance defense attorneys  since 1920. entrants must write on subjects in the fields of tort law, insurance law,  civil procedure, evidence or other areas of the law of practical concern to  lawyers engaged in the defense or management of the defense of civil litigation.  the contest will be judged by a committee of the iadc.  prizes     first place  us$2,000 and plaque   second place  us$1,000 and plaque   third place  us$500 and plaque   honorable mention  plaque winning and honorable mention entries will be considered for publication in  the iadc's quarterly academic publication, the defense counsel journal. the  judges also may award honorable mentions. all entrants will receive a one-year  subscription to the defense counsel journal.  the contest rules, writing guidelines, and entry form are available on this web site.  past experience has shown that teachers of litigation-related subjects are in  an ideal position to stimulate student interest in legal writing and to  encourage participation in the iadc legal writing contest. each year a number of  the entries appear to have been prepared initially for various courses or  seminars, and the caliber of the papers has been high. these faculty members are  in an excellent position to encourage their students to enter the iadc contest.  deans, professors and law review editors are urged to publicize the iadc  contest and to encourage participation in it.



posted by yahor @ 10:17 am  

      
  













links


photo paris hilton
contemporary photography
online magazin für zeitgenossische fotografie
photo retoucher





previous posts

atlas shrugged essay contest
akademos / textbookx.com spring 2006 scholarship c...
dear friends!your notifications about most interes...
goi peace foundation contest
ifaj agricultural photo star prize
international photo contest "an answer for everyth...
idrc's expose urban solutions photo contest
annual student writing competition
annual student writing competition
iadc announces  2006 legal writing contest

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006









 





