






























home - royal poinciana chapel
















































 
 













celebrating over 120 years of service


 561.655.4212











sunday worship: sundays at 10:30 am in the sanctuary








skip to content








home
about 

who we are
our pastor
assisting staff
history
buildings and grounds
membership
chapel connections


worship 

first time visitors
services
sermon series
seasonal worship services
mcelveen distinguished preacher series
special services
live streaming & archives


education 

all ministries
adult groups
men’s groups
women’s groups
youth & children’s ministries


music 

organ and choir


mission 

local chapel ministry
global ministry


care 

pastoral care
prayer requests


giving
contact
 









welcome tothe royal poinciana chapel
ministries about usthank you for reading this post, don't forget to subscribe!











join us for in-person worship on sundays at 10:30am


you may also join us online for live streamed worship services



(reserved seating required – click below for more information)
in the garden worship




click below to view the live stream of our sunday worship service and previous services:
  go to youtube channel 






april 16, bluegrass sunday, 10:30 am 
with larry stephenson band





register here


join us for another amazing vacation bible camp at royal poinciana chapel!



shine a light on jesus’ love! stellar vbc will launch kids on a cosmic quest where they’ll have a blast shining jesus’ light to the world. stellar rockets kids on an out-of-this-world adventure, light years of faith-building fun. in this action-packed week children will experience a bible-rich program grounded in hands-on, multi-sensory activities that will have the children talking for years to come. you don’t want to miss out on the best week of summer!

please contact ashley & christian crandall with any questions: 561-655-4212



monday, june 19th – friday, june 23rd, 9am – 12pm


open to potty trained toddlers (2+) through rising 4th graders.
cost is $75 per child – this includes t-shirt (select size at checkout), daily snacks/crafts, photo prints of your child to be taken home on the last day of camp.











christmas eve services, december 24 4:00 p.m.



krescendo string, ensemble, flute, trumpet, and organ chapel chorale members service of lessons, carols and candlelight including children’s participation with song & nativity



9:00 p.m.



traditional service krescendo string, ensemble, flute, trumpet, and organ chapel chorale members service of lessons, carols and candlelight


christmas morning service, december 25 10:30 a.m.



traditional worship in the sanctuary












monumental vacation bible camp 2022


monday, june 13th – friday, june 17th, 9am – 12pm



open to potty trained toddlers (2+) through rising 4th graders.
in the garden worship




click here for more information







become a part of chapel life



for first timers

we would love to welcome you to worship with us this sunday or at any of our classes and events.
learn more





children & youth

uniquely designed with your child in mind, each week our children and youth experience safe, age-appropriate environments where the bible is taught in creative and relevant ways.
learn more





for men

men’s bible study returns on october 15th at 8:00am at the sea gull cottage. this is a great time for biblical learning and an opportunity for friendship and camaraderie.
learn more





for women

our women’s bible study returns on october 30th at 11:00am in the chapel sanctuary. please join us in fellowship, friendship and camaraderie.
learn more





adults

join us for evening bible study! 
to learn more about our groups, please click on learn more.
learn more





music

the chapel offers an outstanding music program that enhances our worship and offers concerts and events of note within the community.
learn more





mission

we care about the community which we are a part of and seek to be actively engaged in outreach and service.
learn more





seasonal events

from scottish sundays to special guest speakers, our numerous worship services keep our congregation interested all year long.
learn more








upcoming events



november 12th

worship 10:30 a.m.
special music featuring krescendo brass with jeff kaye





november 19th

worship 10:30 a.m.
fall festival of music with orchestra





november 22nd

chapel sanctuary 6:30 p.m.
palm beach interfaith thanksgiving service
reception following 





november 26th

worship thanksgiving sunday 10:30 a.m.








upcoming events
november at the chapel

november 12th – worship 10:30 a.m.



special music featuring krescendo brass with jeff kaye


november 19th – worship 10:30 a.m.



fall festival of music with orchestra


november 26th – worship thanksgiving sunday   10:30 a.m.



wednesday, november 22nd 6:30 p.m.



chapel sanctuary


palm beach interfaith thanksgiving service



wednesday, november 22nd 6:30 p.m.



chapel sanctuary


reception following 









sermon series
join us each sunday for worship at 10:30am
view schedule








christmas eve december 24th services 


4:00 p.m. 



krescendo string ensemble, flute, trumpet and organ and chapel chorale service of lessons, carols and candlelight including children’s participation with song & nativity



8:00 p.m  traditional service 



krescendo string ensemble with flute, oboe and organ and chapel chorale service of lessons, carols and candlelight










the royal poinciana chapel seeks to share the love of christ in the community and beyond. from inspiring worship and beautiful music, to christian education and spiritual development opportunities for people of all ages, we hope that you will find a place at the royal poinciana chapel. please visit us one sunday or please contact any of our staff to learn more about the dynamic and active congregational life at the chapel.
learn more








music at the chapel
the chapel offers an outstanding music program that enhances our worship and offers concerts and events of note within the community. here is this season’s schedule of concerts and events
music brochure
















about
out of gratitude for all that god is doing for us, we seek to love and honor god through our worship and service through our ministry to others.



worship service

sundays at 10:30 a.m. (in-person and live streaming).




contact

60 cocoanut row palm beach, fl 33480
561.655.4212
info@royalpoincianachapel.org
follow us: 











copyright © royal poinciana chapel 2025. all rights reserved. | designed and maintained by digital resource

















patriotic sunday
february 16, 2025
10:30 a.m. in worship
 

 


lloyd larson’s prayer for the nations cantata will be presented this sunday.
orchestra will be joined by the chapel chorale and 
members and friends of the congregation.







			x			























