



kenneth w. yagelski – energy policy, sustainability, supply strategy, and operations.




























skip to content 



kenneth w. yagelski

energy policy, sustainability, supply strategy, and operations.
 









 kenneth w. yagelski is director of gas supply for southern company gas (nyse: so). ken is accountable for gas supply and control activities for the company’s distribution operations that serve 4.3 million natural gas customers located in georgia, illinois, tennesse, and virginia. in addition, he directs business advocacy in proceedings before the federal energy regulatory commission on behalf of southern company gas’s local distribution companies.
ken received his bachelor of science in electrical engineering from purdue university concentrating on the study of power systems and has studied business at the university of illinois springfield. he has extensive practical experience in the natural gas and electric power industries with previous management positions at ugi energy services, washington gas, and illinois power (now ameren), and as a consultant to the north american energy industry. he has been directly responsible for system and resource planning, business development, supply sourcing, asset optimization, engineering, information technology, and local and federal regulatory matters. ken has been an expert witness in regulatory and legal proceedings and government hearings, an instructor for energy industry association courses, and a speaker at industry events.
throughout his career, ken has held leadership and committee positions with professional and community organizations, such as the american gas association (aga), the institute of electrical and electronic engineers (ieee), the metropolitan washington council of governments (cog), the national petroleum council (npc), the north american energy standards board (naesb), the southern gas association (sga), and the virginia oil and gas association (voga).















website copyright © 1996 - 2025 by the yagelski management group. all rights reserved.				





