


das volksjager




























« home
 bitch pleeze »minnesota nice? »dog days of summer... »nada »hey ya!? »are you there god? it's me jonathan miller. »top ten things i learned at cornell... »35w collapse »new kicks »musings of a cigarette smoking man... » 





bitch pleeze
24 comments

						published 4.03.2009 by murfield. 



the gods must be crazy. i take this long to post anything new and this is the drivel that spews forth. bitch pleeze.and to rip off the hodgman, that is all.





minnesota nice?
0 comments

						published 9.05.2008 by murfield. 



well, i am sure the image of hundreds of police in riot gear on the capitol lawn brings about that warm, fuzzy 'minnesota nice' feeling, right? i dare say the nice thing to do when a small group of individuals partake in property destruction is to corral a group of 300 peaceful protesters,  mace them and then arrest them...  even nicer to arrest clearly credentialed press  and random sears shoppers who happened to walk out of the store and into the parking lot where police had corralled the 'criminals.' property destruction aside, was this country not founded by oppressed peoples being vociferous in their denunciation of the oligarchs ruling them? does this not seem relevant at present? as the first commenter  on cnn's politicalticker blog alluded to, i wonder how the boston tea party would be handled today. verily the sons of liberty would labeled a terrorist organization and shipped directly to guantanamo...





dog days of summer...
1 comments

						published 7.27.2008 by murfield. 



as summer begins its inevitable decline, one's thoughts turn to sweetcorn and county fairs. a good night to watch 'dumb and dumber'...





nada
6 comments

						published 6.18.2008 by murfield. 



i've really nothing but to posit that i am still here and waiting for something great about which to post... go  al! 





hey ya!?
0 comments

						published 4.13.2008 by murfield. 



hey all... how is the world? besides tim pawlenty vetoing the central corridor that is...





are you there god? it's me jonathan miller.
19 comments

						published 9.12.2007 by murfield. 



okay. after watching the first of three parts of the jonathan miller program a history of disbelief last night on tpt-2, i decided to dig up some of the great quotes provided throughout the program. a great one from victor hugo was "there is in every village a torch: the schoolteacher, and an extinguisher: the priest." and how about this profound outlook on death by the greek philosopher epicurus: why should i fear death? if i am, then death is not. if death is, then i am not. why should i fear that which cannot exist when i do? hmmmm...a part i found particularly interesting and highly pertinent today was the examination of atheism and the founding of the united states. was this country not established to harbor a society in which the church had no place in government? i thought so... but alas! apparently that is no longer true..."the united states is a christian nation founded upon christian principles and beliefs."-pres. george w. bush"the government of the united states is in no sense founded on the christian religion."-pres. george washingtonlooks like someone is either ignorant, failed american history 1001 or just thinks he can spoon feed fabrications to the people to coerce them to accept his agenda. one would think this was why there is a constitution, ammendments and such and this was the premis upon which our nation exists... discuss amongst yourselves.and just for good measure, here are how a small contingent of other presidents felt about religion:"god is an essence we know nothing of. until this awful blasphemy is got rid of there will never be any liberal science in the world"-john adams"the clergy believe that any power confided in me will be used in opposition to their schemes. and they believe rightly"-thomas jefferson"i have seldom met an intelligent person whose views were not narrowed and distorted by religion"-james buchanan"we admit of no government by divine right....the only legitimateright to govern is an express grant of power from the governed"-william henry harrison"i do not find in christianity one redeeming feature."-thomas jefferson"the bible is not my book, nor christianity my religion."-abraham lincoln"i believe in an america where religious intolerance will someday end... where every man has the same right to attend or not attend the church of his choice."-john f. kennedy thanks to toxic thought waste site and secularsites.freeuk.com for help with the quotes. check out their pages for even more quotes from the show.





top ten things i learned at cornell...
7 comments

						published 8.24.2007 by murfield. 



well, to preface this, some of these knowledge nuggets were obtained on the way to ithaca. go figure. and if these are not funny, then you are probably not my brother adam or myself. that being said, enjoy.10. adam has black chocolate between his legs.9. giant tubes makes traffic slow.8. everyone out east drinks and eats dunkin donuts at all times while driving.7. cornell has a giant penis.6. everyone in ithaca has a 40" vertical.5. indiana is a vomitous and revolting state.4. no one actually lives in cleveland, ohio.3. blind motorcyclists often think their wallets are hamburgers and try to eat them at toll booths.2. there are pet polar bears in siberia named hakuna matata.1. cars can be coupons.






about me


i'm murfield
from minneapolis, minnesota, united states


my profile



last posts

bitch pleezeminnesota nice?dog days of summer...nadahey ya!?are you there god? it's me jonathan miller.top ten things i learned at cornell...35w collapsenew kicksmusings of a cigarette smoking man...



links


facebook me!
find me on myspace
research laboratory
personal/research pages
diary of a sassy, sophisticated, sexy lady
the life aquatic
pharyngula
inside college hockey
more cowbell
minneapolis mtb trail conditions
sven sundgaard's blog














radio streams

91.1 know news (mpr)
89.3 the current (mpr)
99.5 ksjn classical (mpr)
770/106.5 radio k (univ. of minnesota)
91.7 wmcn (macalester college)
88.5 kbem jazz88
105.7 drive 105




subscribe

atom 0.3



archives

november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
september 2006
october 2006
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
april 2008
june 2008
july 2008
september 2008
april 2009


 



	powered by blogger and blogger templates and myself
        ©2006 nathan j murfield 


