




sarah taylor – port st. lucie realtor®


























































skip to content

















home
about
contact
 



facebook
linkedin
instagram


























toggle menu
























your realtor in port st. lucie, florida
you’ve come to the right place for experienced advice in the real estate marketplace. buying or selling property on the treasure coast can be a successful process when you have the right people and the best tools in place.
contact sarah taylor





sarah taylor
—— broker/owner realtor® at local exposure realty
sarah taylor, a florida native, is the broker/owner of local exposure realty in port st. lucie. her mission is to provide exceptional service to those who are selling or purchasing real estate in the st. lucie or martin area. 
whether you’re brand new to the area or are selling your lifelong home, sarah will make sure that you understand the process and know precisely what is happening as we work towards a successful closing.
learn more







real estate and property
services



buyingshopping for a home is one of the most exciting times of your life! it’s a big decision and may be one of the most important purchases you will ever make. where do you begin?learn more



sellingyou’re ready for a new chapter in your life and you need the expertise and care in selling your current property. you want the best deal possible with maximum exposure. learn more



market analysisif you need an analysis of value for a property to decide whether to move forward with a sale or to complete a purchase, we’re happy to provide an opinion.learn more







we can help you
what are youlooking for?
housescondosland
start your search here or contact me for a consultation on your needs and goals for a more customized approach.






some feedback
what my clients say
i’m grateful to those who have allowed me to assist with their home buying or selling journey.



300+
real estate salessince 2008











sarah is the absolute best!! we have done 3 transactions with her (2 buys and a sell) and we could not be happier. no one is more knowledgeable, works harder and just plain cares about her clients. words do not do her and her work justice and we are grateful that we have gotten to work with her. highly recommended and you will be pleased!!!– rob & cheryl






sarah was consistent, staying in touch with us over the next two years. when we were finally ready to move, sarah was there for us every step of the way. sarah went above and beyond for us, even videoing a home we couldn’t get to see while in town. we actually bought our house from that video!– mark & akua








sarah was amazingly patient and understanding with our search for a new home. she assisted us so much in a very complicated two home process of selling one and buying another. not only is she competent and knowledgeable but she is a pleasure to work with and we are happy to say we have a new friend for life as well.– bob & beth































sarah taylor sarah taylor is a broker-owner of local exposure realty and has been a licensed realtor serving st. lucie and martin county since 2008. as a native to port st. lucie, sarah knows the area extensively as well as the history of different neighborhoods. prior to opening her own brokerage she was a full time agent with re/max masterpiece realty from 2008-2021.

 





local exposure realty 550 se port st. lucie blvd, unit 4
port st. lucie, fl 34984
office by appointment

 







 





stay in touchfacebook
linkedin
instagram
yelp
 













© 2025 sarah taylor - wordpress theme by kadence wp
all material presented herein is intended for information purposes only.
 





 privacy policy  | google maps terms of service

 










scroll to top
scroll to top
 












home
about
contact
 






















