



the expose' epistle on-line: news page









home
advocacy and bookings
faq
photo library
interviews

gioia 2004-2006 part i
gioia 2004-2006 part ii
kelly, june 2007
jeanette, april & september 2009
ann, november 2010
gioia, 2012
kelly, december 2014

expose sites

exposé online
gioia bruno
kelly moneymaker

twitter and facebook

facebook
twitter


myspace pages

exposé online
gioia bruno
jeanette jurado
ann curless
kelly moneymaker
exposé epistle

myspace blogs

exposé online
gioia bruno
jeanette jurado
ann curless
kelly moneymaker




latest exposé news

new facebook url, new interview
sunday, august 23, 2020
while i've mostly kept this site quiet and 
	left exposã© to publish their own updates, i 
	wanted to give you a few very important updates.
exposã© recently had a hack of their facebook 
	page and because of this, the original one was 
	deleted, and apparently isn't recoverable by 
	facebook, so they have asked to spread the word 
	about the new fb page.  please go here to 
	join again.
https://www.facebook.com/exposeonline.
	
i also wanted to inform you about a new 
	hour-long interview jeanette did for the national 
	museum of mexican art.  check out this hour long 
	interview she did!

and finally, i will say again that i haven't been 
	able to produce the site revamp yet.  like most 
	folks, as i've gotten older i've become more busy 
	with other things.  i do, however, have a rough 
	plan to update this site and start posting some 
	multi-part articles again.  when, however, is the 
	hard part.  i will say that there is a general 
	lack of any news since covid-19 hit and exposã© 
	had to cancel all appearances in 2020.  so i 
	wanted to wish all the readers the best in these 
	troubling times.


a fall 2017 updates
sunday, august 27, 2017
again, a full year without updates--same excuse as before, but additional issues as well with work and life limit my time.  i do have a plan for a full site update, if all goes well.
the biggest news is cherry red records has released a what you don't know deluxe edition.  
	this 3-cd set is available on amazon.com, cherry red records (the record label), and the expose' web store--if you order from that store you can get it autographed (but it will take time to ship).
this cd pretty much contains the original album tracks plus a lot of additional tracks, virtually every track ever released officially from the label, including stuff not released on cd before.  it also has new commentary by lewis martinee on the original songs, and an essay about the album's history--including quote's from the interviews on this web site by jeanette jurado and gioia bruno.


a plethora of fall 2016 updates
sunday, august 28, 2016
first of all, another apology for not updating for a very long time.  since exposã© have a 
	decent social media presence, i haven't been as quick to update, and i am still trying to 
	find the time to update this site with a decent cms, but sadly work and other things have 
	kept me from it.  i'm crossing my finger that i'll have the revamp done this year.
now for the updates:

gioia bruno will be performing a solo show in miami fl at the cafã© iguani pines on september 5th, 2016.  lewis martinee will also be there.
kelly moneymaker has an upcoming performance in new york city, on september 17th.  you can find out more information here:  ( http://newyorkcoffeefestival.com/tickets )
the remaining shows for exposã© this year (as of 8/28/2016) are as follows:
			
saturday, september 17th, amalie arena, tampa, fl [info]
saturday, september 24th, generoso pope foundation tuckahoe, ny [info]
saturday, december 4th, ocean resort fort lauderdale, fl [no info yet]


gioia bruno will be performing on a cruise ship next year!  she is a special 
		guest for the afterglow party (a cruise dedicated to the g.l.o.w wrestling league).  this cruise will start on february 17th 2017 and will be going from new orleans to many carribian locations.  [info and booking]



new christmas music from jeanette and kelly
jeanette jurado just released to social media the other day a christmas song.  it's a cover 
	of gee whiz it's christmas--this is not a song you hear a lot nowadays on the radio but the original is an oldie from carla thomas.  you can listen to jeanette's tune here.
https://www.reverbnation.com/play_now/song_24891852
kelly moneymaker has also released 2 singles for christmas on itunes, and the proceeds from them go to charity.  for more details on the singles, please read her blog entry from this link.
once again this site cms update is in "development hell", so instead of giving 
	you a timeline, i can only wish you a happy holiday season right now!


tour update, upcoming site update, and a few other updates
monday, may 4th, 2015
first of all, while it's also on their official site, i wanted to repeat the tour schedule 
for the fans.  it seems that no matter what, some people complain that they didn't hear about the tour, 
etc., and i don't know why.  i believe most of these are part of another freestyle group tour.

may 9th, 7:30 pm, neal s. blaisedell concert hall, honolulu, hi, us
may 23rd, 11:30 pm, embassy suites, dorado, puerto rico
june 5th, 7:30 pm, rabobank arena theater and convention center, bakersfield, ca, us
june 26th, 7:30 pm, hp pavilion @ san jose, san jose, ca, us
aug 1st, 7:30 pm, wells fargo center, philadelphia, pa, us
aug 7th, 7:30 pm, orleans arena, las vegas, nv, us
aug 14th, 8:00 pm, stockton arena, stockton, ca, us
aug 29th, 8:00 pm, fiesta gardens, austin, tx, us
sep 26th, 8:00 pm, westchester county center, white plains, ny, us

i should point out that exposã© has also adjusted their choreography for their 2015 tour and it's 
really good.  they worked on it with gioia's sister, anna villa-bager.  she did a good job on this so i figured i should plug something 
that anna is doing.  she works with autistic kids and her foundation is currently having a pledge drive on indigogo.  i'm sure anna and gioia 
would appreciate any donation you could make to this.
in kelly moneymaker news, she has started a personal blog on her site, so you may want 
to check up on that.  also, her new album, stone, that was successfully funded on pledgemusic is 
available now on itunes.
once again, sorry for long times between posts.  i have stated i wish to work on a new 
content management system for this web site, but that takes some time and right now work 
and other things have kept me very busy.  i'm starting the process of converting and i want to 
have a better system in place after summer ends.  my role is a bit redundant right now since 
exposã© already has a web site, social media accounts, etc., but i have ideas on how to make it 
better, and i still think we need some sort of archive for exposã©, or places for original content 
like interviews, etc.


jeanette takes you to church.
tuesday, february 10th, 2015
jeanette jurado recently did a performance at an la church to celebrate san juan bosco.  her perfomance was recorded and she 
	was backed by a mariachi band.  the video was posted to youtube, which i've embedded below.



kelly moneymaker's album funded by fans.
tuesday, february 10th, 2015
kelly's campaign to fund her next album via pledgemusic was successful.  you can view her 
	message to the backers here.
http://www.pledgemusic.com/projects/kellymoneymaker-stone/updates/47964

	it will be released within 2 weeks, according to the site.


new epistle interview with kelly moneymaker, more about the exposure deluxe edition.
sunday, december 7th, 2014
because kelly is working on a pledge drive this month, i decided to do a mini-interview 
	here specifically for that project.  please read it here.
also have a little more news about the new release.  the release will be available on exposã©'s on-line 
	store for pre-ordering, which gives you an added bonus of getting it autographed.


new deluxe release of exposure coming january 2015, new gioia bruno interview
saturday, november 29th, 2014
in early january there will be a special deluxe anniversary release of exposé's 
	first album, exposure, from cherry pop records.  this will be a two disc set, with the first 
	disc containing the original 10 tracks, plus 8 remixes, as well as a second disk with a lot 
	of rare remixes of their biggest hits from this album.  the cd release also contains liner 
	notes with a new interview with ann, jeanette, and gioia and track annotations from lewis martinee.  this album will be released in early january 2015.  more info can be found here:

http://www.cherryred.co.uk/cherrypop-exd.asp?id=4917
also, gioia bruno just did a new interview with blogtalkradio, which you can listen to 
	here.  (you'll need to have a browser that can play videos, there's no download)

http://www.blogtalkradio.com/thequeueup/2014/11/24/gioia-bruno-of-the-megastar-female-trio-expose-gets-queued-up-on-1124-1



kelly's new album being funded on pledge.com
monday, november 10th, 2014
kelly moneymaker has decided to finance her next album using
	pledge.com.  this is a service like kickstarter, and to get this 
	project off the ground, you can contribute to the project.  there's a few unique collectables she's offering, so you may want to make a 
	pledge.
here are all the details on the project: 
http://www.pledgemusic.com/projects/kellymoneymaker-stone



miscellaneous updates and a quick apology
sunday, july 13th, 2014
first of all, a quick apology to those viewing this news section.  i haven't been posting updates as much this year.  there have been a lot
		of personal issues i've been dealing with this year, and with exposã© having an official site and frequent updates on social media there's less 
		need for me to print all the news.  (let's just hope that continues for the next few years as well)!  i'm working on upgrading the site to a better managed system, but it will take time.  i will try to 
		provide some new content to people--interviews if i can get them, and i think it's about time to perhaps give you all the lawsuit transcript now 
		that enough time has passed and there's no threat to exposã©.
here's a rather quick info-dump to get caught up on everything.

exposã© has upgraded their web site recently.  (mostly same content but with a more responsive design
kelly moneymaker has a new site (different url) and has been providing a lot of information there, including tour information  .  she is also very vocal on twitter.
expose has taken a short break from touring but will have a few tours in the fall of 2014.  stops include the following.
				
aug 31, rainbow festival, sacremento, ca (4pm)
sep 12, amway center, orlando fl (8pm)
sep 13, tampa bay times forum, tampa, fl (8pm)
oct 03, university of new mexico, albuquerque, nm (8pm)
oct 04, don haskins center, el paso, tx (8pm)


finally, there are a few new official youtube videos from exposã© you should check out.
				
expose wishes you a happy 4th of july for 2014
expose thanks darienne lake for lip synching ponr on rupaul's drag race




exposé makes a billboard list of most successful female groups
sunday, february 23, 2014
sorry for the late update, but the billboard magazine website has recently published a list of the 
		top 10 most successful female singing groups.  exposé comes in at #5.  since billboard 
		is basing this on sales and chart rankings, it's a lot more objective than a lot of those "best (top n number) of acts 
		magazines like rolling stone release.
the full article can be viewed here:
http://www.billboard.com/articles/columns/chart-beat/5901266/top-10-girl-groups-of-all-time?page=0%2c1


jeanette jurado's first solo release (ep)
friday, december 13, 2013
jeanette jurado has a new ep release, a 4 song digital-only release entitled lovely, it is available at the following locations:

itunes
amazon mp3 store




new videos and a few other tidbits
sunday, december 8, 2013
there's a few new videos for exposé fans out there.  first of all, during their throwback thursday posts, exposé posted 
		the audio demo to a coca-cola commercial that was not recorded but not used.  you can listen to it 
		here.
secondly, and more into the spirit of the holiday season, kelly moneymaker has created a new video.  this holiday track is 
		titled you are a snowball, which takes the basic classic song you are my sunshine, and does a bluesy rendition with 
		new lyrics.  this video features kelly and her daughter loden as "the snowball".  check it out.

finally, remember to check out some holiday themed stuff from exposé, including a re-release of gioia's christmas album, as well 
		as watching the video of i believe in christmas.
 


exposé wishes everyone a happy thanksgiving
thursday, november 28, 2013
exposé wishes everybody a happy thanksgiving in this video!

 


new exposé collection album, plus a new fan video
saturday, october 19, 2013
this week a new exposé compliation album came out.  part of the playlist series, this is titled playlist: the very best of exposé.. 
		it mostly features single versions of their hits.  but it also has a few rare remixes of tell me why and stop, listen, look & think.  there are 
		also cool liner notes up to date enough to discuss their reunion and touring.  you can find out details on the 
		product's amazon page.
also, exposé released a fan tribute video, produced and edited by kim gonzalez and david tovar.  it's features a lot of photos from the fans over the years!



jeanette's facebook page, more exposé shows
tuesday, september 24, 2013
jeanette jurado just created a facebook page, and she has a solo ep coming out soon.  if you 
		wish to friend her on facebook, her entry is here:
https://www.facebook.com/jeanette.jurado.7

there are two more exposé shows recently added to the lineup

november 1st, resorts world casino, 110-00 rockaway blvd jamaica, ny (full band show, co-headlining with taylor dayne
november 8th, friday morning musicale theatre, 809 w. horatio street tampa, fl 33606 (813) 251-1990



kelly on the road with new album tour, one more exposé appearance this year.
sunday, september 8, 2013
exposé has wrapped up their tour this year, but there is one more appearance that has just 
	been added.  if you are in the miami, fl, area, they are appearing as part of the ultimate miami 
	series at magic city casino on november 9th.  they are both mc'ing the event and are performing.
kelly moneymaker's new album will be coming out in early october.  to support this she is 
	doing a small tour playing at certain locations.  here's a current list of all her stops as 
	of this date.

sunday, september 8, 2013, 3:00pm, iron horse bar & grill, ventura, california
saturday, september 14, 2013 at 8:00pm, mac's restaurant & night club, eugene, oregon
thursday, september 19, 2013 at 9:00pm, tonic lounge portland, portland, oregon
friday, september 20, 2013 at 8:00pm, comet club, fairbanks, alaska
saturday, september 21, 2013 at 8:00pm, comet club, fairbanks, alaska
sunday, september 22, 2013 at 9:00pm, fairview inn, talkeetna, alaska
wednesday, september 25, 2013 at 9:00pm, wasilla lake resort, wasilla, alaska
thursday, september 26, 2013, kenai, alaska (details tbd)
friday, september 27, 2013 at 8:00pm, humpys great alaskan ale house, anchorage, alaska
saturday, september 28, 2013 at 9:30pm, the central saloon, seattle, washington
tuesday, october 1, 2013 9:00pm, daniel k. lew, the mint la, los angeles, ca
thursday, october 3, 2013 at 7:00pm, civic center park, palm desert, california
friday, october 4-6, 2013, independent music fest, nashville, tennessee
friday, october 25, 2013, owensboro independent music revival owensboro, kentucky



june 2013 update--another milestone.
sunday, june 16, 2013
this is the 20th anniversary of exposé's last major hit on the charts, i'll never get over you (getting over me).  billboard acknowledged this song in  a recent list of the top 10 summer songs of 1993, which you can read at the bottom of this page on the billboard web site: 
http://www.billboard.com/articles/news/513524/summer-songs-1985-2012-the-top-10-tunes-of-each-summer
many thanks to exposé fan amy for the tip.


april 2013 updates.
sunday, april 7, 2013
i wanted to make sure you have information on the latest shows for 2013.  this has been posted 
	to exposé's web site, but i feel it's good to place them here.  note, all are considered 
	track shows unless i hear otherwise.  the full band might be at sycuan resort.

april 19: laurie auditorium, san antonio, tx, 8pm (with tiffany and lisa lisa)
may 23: san manuel casino, highland ca, 7:30 pm (freestyle dance concert)
jun 1: woodward park, fresno ca, 8pm (unknown details)
jun 14: gibson amphitheatre, universal city, ca, 8pm (unknown details)
jun 29: hp pavilion, san jose, ca, 8pm (freestyle explosion)
jul 6: bald hill amphitheatre, farmingville, ny, 8pm (unknown details)
aug 16: sycuan resort & casino, el cajon, ca (with taylor dayne)

in addition, i wanted to report that kelly moneymaker is working on new music for release 
	as well as doing some more shows in her local area in southern california.  depending on our 
	schedules, i might have an interview with her later this year--it's been 7 years since the 
	last one.


january 2013 updates.
sunday, january 13th, 2013
just wanted to give a little update with everything going on.  news has been rather slow to 
	come in, but i have news of a few upcoming shows.

while they should be adding several more over the summer, there are currently two exposé shows planned for winter/spring 2013.  they are the following:
		
mark g etess arena - february 2nd @ 8:00pm.  this is with a bunch of other freestyle artists, it was postponed from last year
magic city casino - march 30th @ 8:00pm:  this is a special show, with taylor dayne and tiffany.  it will not be a full set but they will have a live band and they will probably do at least six songs.


gioia bruno has some other special things lined up
		
february 23rd--gioia will be emceeing and performaning at 80's fest, a large concert
			featuring other acts like eddie money and debbie gibson.  you can find out more information about this concert at www.the80sfest.com
march 14th--gioia will also be appearing at a charity event for marblejam kids.  tickets and more information can be found on this page:  http://marblejamkids.sharepoint.com/pages/newsletter.aspx





christmas music from gioia (and exposé).
sunday, december 16, 2012
gioia has released a small set of christmas songs for us to enjoy.  you can get the songs 
	(by track or in a group) by going to gioia's downloads page on her own web site.
as a reminder, i believe in christmas (like it used to be) is available as a single on amazon 
	and itunes.  you should also request the song from your local radio stations, as well as vote 
	them up on your favorite social media networks, especially custom radio apps like slacker, pandora, 
	spotify, etc.  don't forget about exposé's duet with barry manilow jingle bells as well.


gioia launches her renewed web site.
saturday, september 29, 2012
gioia's web site hasn't had a lot of news in a few years, well, that has changed!  gioia has redone her website, designing and developing it herself, and has added 
	samples of her recent solo works.  go to www.gioiabruno.com and check it out.


expose single released on major download stores.
tuesday, september 18th, 2012
the new single shine-on has now been released to internet vendors. in addition to being able to 
	get the cd maxi-single from exposé's on-line store, you can now get it at itunes, amazon, and 
	other on-line stores.  it will also be added to pandora, slacker, and other streaming services.
exposeé has issues a press release, and ann also has another video message for you all!



message from ann regarding shine on.
sunday, september 9, 2012
ann curless has just released a message on youtube for shine on.  i've embedded it below.



june 2012 interview with gioia up now.
sunday, august 5, 2012
i have just added the latest interview with gioia bruno to the site.  thanks for your patience in waiting for it.


shine on single released, new phone app, and interview coming this weekend.
tuesday, july 31st, 2012
i have the final draft of the interview with gioia, which i will transcribe and place on the site this weekend.
shine on has been released on exposé's web store.
expose also has a new app from reverbnation that you can download if
			you have either an ios or android device.  check it out.


shine on single from exposé coming soon!
tuesday, july 24th, 2012
shine on, the single written by ann and being performed as part of their live shows, is going to be 
			released as a single in the next few days.  stay tuned here and on exposé's official channels for more info.


new interview coming soon.
sunday, june 24th, 2012
sorry for the lack of updates lately.  outside of the tour exposé have been doing this spring, there hasn't
			been a lot of news for me to report.  i am slowly working on a site upgrade that will use a content management system, 
			but like a lot of us as we get older, our free time diminishes.  plus there really hasn't been a lot to report on outside 
			of the general tour information.
the good news is i have had some discussions with gioia and an upcoming interview will be published where she talks about some 
			of her solo work as well as what exposé is working on--all i can say is that they are working on new material.  what details 
			can be shared will be published in this interview, hopefully released in july.


various updates--new interviews, new tour, and new music from gioia
monday, february 27, 2012
gioia's been releasing new music via her facebook account.  like her to receive offers on how you can order her cds.
wednesday morning between 8am-10am (central) ann and gioia are being interviewed by a chicago radio station.  the radio stations web site 
			can be found here:  http://www.vocalo.org/
finally, exposé has started to kick off their 2012 tour.  here are the current stops as of today.

3/17/2012 red bank, nj, count basie theatre
5/12/2012 miami, fl magic city casino
5/19/2012 tucson, az tucson convention center
6/1/2012 jun bakersfield, ca robobank arena
6/2/2012 fresno, ca woodward park
6/9/2012 san fernando valley, ca gibson amphitheatre
6/23/2012 san diego, ca valley view casino center (formerly san diego sports arena)



exposé's christmas song goes viral, gets a video!
wednesday, december 14, 2011
exposé's song has been hitting the social media networks pretty well, even getting some attention at radio stations.  in 
			addition, a video has been put together for the song which allows you to preview it and share it with friends on youtube!

if you like it, be sure to purchase the download ($2) on their store, and share the video and store links on the social networks.  also, you may want to request it at your local radio station or at least provide them with the link!


a new christmas song from exposé
monday, december 12, 2011
for the holiday season, exposé has released a new single.  they all sing lead on a song written by jeanette jurado that she once previewed on myspace a few years back.  the name of the song is called i believe in christmas (like it used it used to be).  it will be available for sale tomorrow on exposé's on-line store, and you can hear a preview at exposé's reverbnation page.  a portion of the proceeds will be going to the wounded warrior project.


exposé is finally exposé®
tuesday, december 6th, 2011
after a long battle, exposé today finally achieved registration of their own name.  now, exposé is a federally registered trademark for the group.  it has been a long four year battle, and i am very happy that this is finally over.


jeanette jurado's solo concert october 21st in henderson, nv
sunday, october 16, 2011
i apologize for the lack of updates lately.  i try not to be too redundant to exposé's official sites.
however, this has just come in.  jeanette jurado is performing a special solo concert at henderson, nevada's pavillion (the same 
			place exposé did a show last year).  the details are as follows.
			
			
			from: http://www.hendersonlive.com/calendar/
artbeat presented by target
			jeanette jurado
			october 21, 2011
			8:00 pm

location: henderson events plaza
address: 200 south water street 
contact name: city of henderson 
			cultural arts & tourism department
phone: 702.267.2171
jeanette jurado, member of the female group exposé.  you can look forward to hearing her perform original music from her new solo project.  stop by early and enjoy pre show arts and crafts, food vendors and more.  the pre show starts at 6:30 p.m.  admission is complimentary.

without going into many details, jeanette is working on a solo release.  i'll have more information in the future about it.


new audio message from jeanette, new music from gioia.
saturday, september 3rd, 2011
jeanette jurado just posted an audio message to the exposé blog.  be 
			sure to listen to the entry on their blog page.
also, gioia has once again decided to sell some unreleased music.  if you have friended her on facebook, go ahead and ask her about the offer.


new exposé site launched.
tuesday, july 26th, 2011
exposé has just updated their site with a brand new interface, using bandzoogle 
			as their front-end.  the main link will take you there, but here's a quick link to it.
			
http://exposeonline.bandzoogle.com/fr_home.cmf
also be sure to check out a few other supplemental pages they are using:
http://www.onesheet.com/exposeonline/
http://www.reverbnation.com/exposeonline


exposé mentioned in entertainment weekly.
tuesday, july 5th, 2011
i was waiting to see if i could link to this story on their web site, but i can't find it.  anyway, entertainment weekly 
			made a brief mention of exposé in the music section under 1989 chart flashback on page 106 of the july 8/15th, 2011 issue 
			of entertainment weekly.  they "re-rated" the top 10 songs from that week, and exposé's what you don't know was 
			given the following review.
10.  exposé "what you don't know"—boy, they are not messing; the r&b lady fierceness and serious saxaphone say so.  b+
it's nice to see a brief blurb in a magazine


lawsuit news, they won the appeal, and a synopsis of the whole thing.
saturday, june 25th, 2011
you've probably heard the news by now from the official site, but i wanted to give you all a primer on the lawsuit.  i did not report a lot here 
			mostly because i am thinking of the best interests of the group--comments can hurt as well as help ongoing litigation, and i did not want to do anything 
			that would hurt them from performing.
here is the condensed version of the lawsuit.

those of you who know the history of exposé know that they were formed and managed by a production company named pantera group enterprises.
around 1994 or so, pantera foldered, and controling interest of the remants of that company ended up in the hands of ismael garcia.
after exposé broke up, we did not hear from the group in a long time.
as you know, in 2003 exposé made one appearance after years of abscence, and in 2006 they officially got back together again.
originally, ann, jeanette and gioia signed an agreement with ismael's companies, crystal entertainment & filmworks i & ii.
however, in the court testimonies and lawsuit documentation, it appears that there was question that these companies owned the rights to the name.  there 
				was no federal registered trademark for the group, the only one having expired after time had passed.  when the group's questions went unanswered to their 
				satisfaction, exposé took steps to register the trademark and cancel their contract, registering it under their own company, 
				walking distance entertainment.
ismael's team submitted two lawsuits.  the first was filed in 2007, but was dismissed due to some missing information in the original.  a second lawsuit was filed in early 2008.  they 
				also tried to sue kelly moneymaker but that part was dismissed since she had no part in these proceedings.
the second lawsuit proceeded from 2008 until it got into court in 2009 before a judge.  after 3 days of trial, the judge ruled in favor of the 
				ann, jeanette, and gioia, and awared them rights to proceed with their trademark.  this was done in part because of the following specific situations.

ismael's post-pantera companies did not register a trademark for exposé, and no satisfactory records of transfer of assets came up.  this means the judge had to look at the common law side of trademark.  who had the most stake in the name.
even though there was a prior lineup (laurie, sandee, and ale), they were not present in much printed marketing, nor were they ever used in any of arista's promotional material.  since 1986, the group has had a stable lineup, with the understand that kelly was a replacement for gioia due to illness.
the peak period of exposé's fame invovled ann, jeanette, and gioia on albums, in music videos, and in live performances.  also, many of the compiled hits catalogs usually feature the line-up of ann, jeanette, and gioia.
ismael's companies did not use exposé after the breakup in 1996.  they did not try to form another group at all.
in the licensing agreements and testimonies, ismael's companies did not engage in anything other than setting a licensing fee and rules for performing.  they were not involved in any promotional work or setting up tour dates.
because of these factors, and because trademark law is also designed to protect the consumer, people who go to see an exposé show expect to see ann, jeanette, and gioia.  this is one of the key reasons that the judgement was found for them.

an appeal was filed by ismael's counsel in 2010.  it took a while since the judge waited to release a statement of "final judgement".
the appellate judges found that the judge made no error, analyzing how she made decisions and comparing the case to prior court precedents.  this case was published (which means it can be 
				cited in other court cases for similar situations).

finally, i think this nightmare is behind them and the fans.
more on the lawsuit can be found here.  i may in the future post some of the case files which i paid for.

http://floridaip.blogspot.com/2011/06/heard-of-band-expose-11th-circuit.html
http://www.exposeonline.net/trademark/
ruling from the appellate court.



new single coming in a few days, plus new interview
sunday, june 19, 2011
exposé is about to release their first new single in years.  this is a 
			new remix of point of no return, and it will be available exclusively at exposé's 
			on-line store.
additionally, a new interview has been released on youtube, done by the music scene and taken during the 
			utah pride festival, which i have embedded below.



more tour dates, and a preview of shine on!
monday, june 6, 2011
exposé has added several tour dates to their facebook and website schedules.  here's the full list of upcoming 
			dates:

6/10/2011: woodward park	fresno, california
6/11/2011: gibson amphitheatre	universal city, california
7/06/2011: allen ellsworth park	farmingdale, new york
8/06/2011: hilton hotel	atlantic city, new jersey
8/14/2011: market days	chicago, illinois
9/24/2011: the orleans	las vegas, nevada
9/30/2011: mass mutual center	springfield, massachusetts
10/1/2011: dunkin' donuts center	providence, rhode island
10/15/2011: tsongas arena	lowell, massachusetts

a video was uploaded to youtube with a few songs from their concert in hollywood, fl.  i'm 
			embedding it here because there is one neat song they do at around 3:55--it's a few bars from their 
			upcoming single shine on, which i've noted before is a song ann wrote herself and was a hit in 
			europe for a band called degrees of motion (see my interview with her for more).



exposé sets tour dates for 2011
sunday, may 1, 2011
in case people haven't seen it, exposé has booked a few dates for the summer 
			season.  here are the details.

june 3: artspark at young circle, hollywood, florida (full band, free concert)
june 5: utah pride festival	salt lake city, utah
june 10: woodward park, fresno, california
june 11: gibson amphitheatre, universal city, california
september 24: the orleans, las vegas, nevada

i'll try to get more updates sooner--it's been a slow few months, though 
			please keep in mind the group communicates to the fans via facebook.


many updates on facebook
thursday, february 10, 2011
there's been a lot of news elsewhere on the internet right now.  sorry for being late with it.
gioia bruno has been selling cds directly to her facebook fans.  these are cd's of her own private music, not exposé tracks, so she's been using facebook to sell and mail 
			cds to people.  if you are interested in getting a cd, you should visit her page on facebook and contact her through there.
also, kelly moneymaker has been very active on twitter and has also 
			created a youtube channel for her live performances.  please check it out.
exposé has also started booking shows for this year.  you can see the details on their facebook events page.


news about the new music.  chris cox involved with project
friday, january 14, 2011
exposé publised a new press release with some hints about their new music.  there's not many 
			details in this press release, other than that famed producer/remixer chris cox is involved, but they hint about a remake of point of no return, as well as shine on, 
			the song ann curless wrote (and was subsequently recorded by degrees of motion in the u.k.).


exposé on-line store opens tonight
friday, december 10, 2010
the exposé store will be going live tonight.  you can make purchases at midnight tonight (technically saturday 00:00 am) 
			at the following url:  http://www.exposeonline.net/shop/.


happy and sad holiday news
friday, december 3, 2010
in happy news, facebook reports that exposé will be opening a new on-line merchandise store soon!  we've been waiting to purchase merchandise 
			for years, so i'm excited about this news.  also, gioia's put her christmas song (which she had years ago on her old web site) up on facebook as well!  go 
			take a listen.
and now, more sad news.  kelly moneymaker's mom passed away last weekend, so condolances go out to her.  also, this is the anniversary of gioia's father's death as well.
			i hope everybody's hearts go out to the both of them.  the holiday season seems to always bring bad news, and i hope that changes in this next decade.


ann's 2010 interview now up.
sunday, november 21, 2010
ann's interview is now up and available here.  happy thanksgiving!


update: short delay on the interview, and a few updates.
saturday, november 13, 2010
just a quick update.  ann's interview will be delayed a bit.  i'm waiting for some final approval to be done before posting.  i will attempt to get it approved and up
			for around thanksgiving.  in the meantime, you can see a (very brief) interview with her in the phoenix new times.
i wanted to say i got to see exposé perform again at epcot this year, and they did a wonderful job.  videos are available on youtube.  i'll provide links later. 
			they did a wonderful set, and were all in fine form.  i hope you all get a chance to see them when they are in your area.
since i am posting tonight, i just wanted to say that jeanette jurado is reaching a milestone tomorrow celebrating her 45th birthday!  let's hope she has a wonderful day and that the cake she 
			punches is not too messy.


video and podcast featuring expose
tuesday, october 12, 2010
two interviews have been released for exposé.
the first interview is a video from an nbc feed, featuring the three ladies being interviewed practicing 
			the day before their henderson performance.  (warning, this is a tinyurl that redirects 
			to a flash video, this might give a few people a problem.  also, the exposé segment only lasts about 1:30 seconds, the rest 
			is a feed filled with ads and other segments.)  the link is http://tinyurl.com/2848jo8.
the second interview is part of a weekly podcast and features jeanette jurado.  it's the october 9th podcast on
			http://www.thestrippodcast.com/, and her interview begins shortly after 
			the 25:00 minute mark.


video from the henderson, nevada show
tuesday, october 12, 2010
the henderson nevada show from this weekend went well.  like last time on the west coast, kyle 
			fujimoto has posted a lot of movies from the show.  i've provided links to them here.

i'll never get over you (getting over me)
in walked love
angel / i know you know
december / your baby never looked good in blue
as long as i can dream
season's change
i specialize in love
stop, listen, look & think



new exposé blog
sunday, september 5, 2010
i forgot to add that recently gioia added an exposé blog via 
			blogger, so for those of you not members of facebook or myspace you 
			can see occasional updates there.  check it out!
http://exposeblogonline.blogspot.com/


exposé recording new music, new interview coming soon
saturday, september 4, 2010
sorry for the lack of updates, but outside of new/change show announcements on 
			facebook, there hasn't been much news to report
i do wish to report exposé has been recording new music for a future release.  
			i don't have any details yet, but i hope to soon.  gioia has posted some pictures on 
			her facebook page of her and ann in the studio, but you need to login on facebook 
			and be a friend to see it.
i've also secured some time to interview the one member i haven't had chance 
			to interview for the epistle yet, ann.  i hope to have an interview published 
			here in the month of october.


new exposé shows added
friday, june 18th, 2010
several updates were made yesterday to exposé's web and facebook pages, 
			indicating several more shows have been added.  here's the most up-to-date 
			list.

2010, june 18, waikaloa bowl, 8pm
2010, june 19, blaisdell arena, honolulu, hawaii, 8pm
2010, june 26, american airlines arena, miami, fl, 7pm
2010, july 17, td bank arts center, sewell, nj, 8pm
2010, july 24, parliament house, orlando, fl, 7pm
2010, july 30, club 21, oakland, ca, 11pm
2010, august 7, florida marlins game, miami, fl, 5pm
2010, august 8, downtown decatur celebration, decatur, illinois, 2pm
2010, october 9, the henderson pavilion, henderson, nv, 8pm
2010, october 18, disney's epcot center, 4pm - 10pm (3 shows)
2010, october 19, disney's epcot center, 4pm - 10pm (3 shows)

also, i forgot to put in the kickstarter link for gioia's single, so here i am 
			inserting it now
pledge to support gioia getting a music video


gioia preparing a new single release, single has web site.
sunday, june 13, 2010
gioia's kickstarter campaign is up now on the kickstarter website.  the goal of this 
			campaign is to let people donate to fund a music video release for this single.  there are 
			many options and rewards for each donation--the lowest donations get you a copy of the single, 
			while the higher donations get you a lot of special perks.
i encourage all of gioia's fans to contribute what they can to this project, as music videos 
			are expensive and it benefits both her and her fans.


gioia preparing a new single release, single has web site.
monday, may 31, 2010
gioia bruno has been hard at work with her new single, boy crazy.  an 
			entire web site has been created for the boy crazy single, which can be found at 
			http://boycrazybeat.com.  you should check 
			out that site for info.
i'll list some of the highlights:

an interview will be conducted on the jimmy star show, which can 
				be heard at the web site http://www.w4cy.com/ on 
				wednesday, july 2nd, at 3pm edt.
interestingly enough, there is a sponsorship program to help gioia and scott (her producer)
				develop a music video.  this page shows all 
				of the details.  it might be worth it to pay one of the more moderate packages.


may update--latest touring information
sunday, may 2, 2010
exposé has just updated their various pages with some touring info.  here is a 
			list of confirmed shows for 2010.

discover park, sacramento, ca, may 2 at 3:00pm(sorry this one is late, just found out about it).
waikaloa bowl, waikiloa, hawaii, friday, june 18 at 8:00pm
blaisdell arena, honolulu, hawaii, saturday, june 19 at 8:00pm
american airlines arena, miami, fl, saturday, june 26 at 7:00pm
downtown decatur celebration, decatur, illinois, sunday, august 8 at 2:00pm
disney's epcot center, lake buena vista, fl, monday oct 18 - tuesday oct 19 at 4:00pm(3 shows per day, likely full band, usually a 7 song set).

keep watching their site and shows for more info.
and i am editing this post now because i just love this very short clip gioia shared with us




spring update--touring dates starting, and gioia's solo stuff
tuesday, march 9, 2010
exposé has been pretty quiet lately, but there are reports of some booking via pollstar.  please keep an eye on their facebook and their web site for more touring 
			information.  if i get any fixed dates i will repeat them here.
gioia bruno is also releasing a new solo single titled boy crazy.  she will be premering it this weekend at south florida's 
			annual pridefest.


kelly moneymaker to appear new year's eve in hollywood, ca
wednesday, december 30, 2009
kelly moneymaker wanted you to know she is making a special appearance on new year's eve for in hollywood california.  she will be singing come go with me during this event 
			(and she wanted all of you to know she has jeanette's blessing).  it looks like they will have a web cast so those of you not in hollywood, ca will be able to see it on-line.

new year's nation presents a crazy 80's new year's eve
			montalban theatre
			1615 north vine street, hollywood, ca 90028
			8 pm to 2 am
			boys don't cry (i wanna be a cowboy)
			kelly moneymaker - formerly of exposã© (come go with me)
			roy hay - culture club (do you really want to hurt me?)
			tommy tutone (8675309)
			josie cotton (johnny are you queer?)
			special appearance by nina hagan
			hosted by kroq legend rodney bingenheimer
			sponsored drinks & lite bite buffet from 8 to 10 pm
			champagne toast at midnite
			djs:  party people & club planet earth will spin your favorite 80's hits
			new year's nation means 10 cities, 4 time zones and one big party connected via the internet.
			go to:  www.newyearsnation.com for tickets or to watch on livestream
			general admission $50



condolences to gioia and her family
thursday, december 10, 2009
gioia's father, peter anthony bruno, passed away on tuesday this week.  he was 84.  needless to say, my 
			heart goes out to gioia, brianna, and the rest of her family.  let's respect her privacy during this trying time.  the family is accepting memorial donations to marble jam kids, anna's 
			charity towards children with autistic disorders.
what is it about this time of year that always brings out sad news...three years in a row now...


more news on exposé's group tour
friday, november 19, 2009
more information has been released about the group tour, where exposé will tour with taylor dayne and jody watley.  the tour is being managed by 
			chip lightman entertainment, and you can find some information by following that link.  i believe this 
			will begin in the spring of 2010.


expose on twitter, news about upcoming tour..
friday, october 16, 2009
in case you weren't aware of it, exposé is on twitter now, so if you're a twitter user and want to receive updates, 
			check them out at www.twitter.com/expose_online.
			
			also, if you listened to the gioia interview this week, she revealed that exposé has plans to tour with taylor dayne and jody watley in 2010.  they will
			announce details in the future.


jeanette jurado 2009 interview now up.
friday, october 16, 2009
after waiting a little while for some clarifications, my first interview with jeanette jurado is now up on my site.  sorry for the delay, 
			there were a few other things we had to revisit before i published, and everybody's been busy.


kelly's first video (for the silvermoney project.
monday, october 12, 2009
kelly moneymaker reports on her blog that a new video for goddess killer, the title track for the album,
			has been released and you can view it now on youtube.


upcoming gioia interview on blogtalk radio
thursday, october 8, 2009
gioia and john d. thomas will be interviewed on a blogtalk radio show coming out on october 13th at 2pm est to discuss their audiobook maya 2012.  you can listen to the show 
			at this url, either during it or after it's over.
http://www.blogtalkradio.com/mostlymusic/2009/10/13/mostly-music-gioia-bruno-from-expose-and-miami-producer-jt-on-2012-the-maya-armageddon-1

the way blogtalk radio works is, it's first presented live, but then is available as a podcast you can access at that url.


jeanette interview coming, news about gioia's side project
monday, september 28, 2009
it's been a slow month.
the long waited interview with jeanette jurado is almost finished.  i should have it in a few weeks--i promise.  sorry for the delay, jeanette has been pretty busy.
in other news, gioia's work with the maya 2012 audio novel is now in the running to win a grammy nomination for spoken word album.  (this doesn't mean it's one of the 
			nominees, this is the pre-voting period--to vote for the albums, and the top 5 votes get to be nominees for the actual award.  so if you're a naras member, feel free to 
			give her your vote!)


latest news updates--sorry for the delays
sunday, august 23, 2009
okay, sorry for a delay in updating things.
exposé's facebook page now has over 2000 members.  furthermore, in an effort to cross-promote (or if you don't use facebook), exposé is now on 
			twitter.  you can follow them at this url:  http://twitter.com/expose_online.  be patient with them, all this social 
			networking stuff is new (and a bit confusing, i say that from experience).
a big apology about the jeanette interview.  i am trying to get a few questions clarified but jeanette has been so busy she hasn't been able to 
			get back to me on those.  because i want to make sure the interview is as accurate as possible (i am not a gossip columnist), i try to make sure these are done well.  
			i will work on getting this for you.
kelly moneymaker's new album is silvermoney: goddess killer.  the album is pretty much hard-core funk/rock.  it sounds a little similar to either red hot chilli peppers or evanesance, and 
			she is selling it on itunes and amazon.  a physical album is forthcoming.  i recommend checking it out, particularly if you 
			like the stuff she's released before, rock, gioia's rock project with wet, etc.  i'll see if i can talk to her in the future about how she created this album.
speaking of wet, the maya 2012 audio novel which is john thomas' (producer and former partner with gioia in wet) brainchild is not just available on dvd and itunes, but the mp3 album is also 
			available on amazon.  i've only completed part of this book, so i don't have enough to review it.  i can say that gioia's in top form with her voice acting.
there's not been a lot of news regarding exposé as a group.  they haven't toured as much this summer, but there are still some dates scheduled for the fall.  i am hoping 2010 will be a lot better 
			in this regard.


exposé facebook page goes over 1000 members, plus a few surprises.
friday, july 3rd, 2009
in a little over 9 days, exposé's facebook page 
			has acquired over 1,000 members.  the ladies are really 
			happy with the results, and with all the conversation 
			that's going on.
as a celebration of the 4th of july, i'd like to embed a 
			special video taken by shannon woodsmall and del phillips who 
			went to the minneapolis pride appearance of exposé.  they 
			were asked to do an extra song acapella.  while gioia says this is 
			god bless america, she actually means the star-spangled 
			banner. 
			
			


happy fourth of july!  when i'm back i'll tell you about kelly's latest 
			project!


exposé launches facebook page, gioia does an audiobook.
saturday, june 27, 2009
most of the die-hard fans know already, but on wednesday exposé launched their brand new 
			official facebook page.  unlike the others, this page is run and controlled by them.  apparently, the 
			group will be using this page instead of their myspace for future updates, because of facebook's many 
			advantages over myspace.  so far, over 600 fans have joined--if i remember correctly they had more than 400 in the first 24 hours, 
			so the word is spreading fast!
if you have a facebook account, or want to signup for one, you can view and find out more about the group here.
in other news, gioia is featured on a new audiobook called 2012: the maya armageddon, a horror audiobook (rated r) which is now available for download or a dvd from either cd baby or 
			itunes.  (i can't figure out how to link to the itunes offering directly).  gioia plays the character of maya, the lead female protagonist.  this project was organized by 
			john thomas, who was gioia's partner in the band wet.


a quick reunion--kelly joins exposé at la pride.
tuesday, june 16, 2009
at exposé's show last week, kelly moneymaker showed up and sung point of no return with ann, jeanette, and gioia
there's not much more to say expect to actually post the video here!  enjoy!



revised update--the end of the lawsuit.
tuesday, june 2, 2009
i decided to modify my statements regarding the lawsuit to make it easier to understand, and also to be as accurate as possible.
the lawsuit for exposé is over.  ann, jeanette, and gioia, and their company defended themselves successfully against 4 out of 5 counts brought forth by
			the plantiffs.  the specific way this affects all of us is that exposé can continue to use the trademark and perform as themselves, and can now resume publicizing it.
i've decided i don't want to go into all the details here.  quite frankly, there are a lot of reasons.  (protection of privacy, ethics, legal reasons, etc.)  it's 
			been a hard battle and while i know more, after pondering things, i really don't think it's something we should discuss in great detail.


current exposé schedule
sunday, may 31, 2009
here's a list of the upcoming shows for exposé, where they'll be appearing, etc.  i'm sure this will increase over time.  i am very pleased 
			that i am now able to publicize these shows!

june 6th, campbells field 401 n. delaware ave. camden nj
june 14th, la pride, west hollywood park 647 n san vincente blvd west hollywood, ca
june 27th, minneapolis pride, loring park, minneapolis mn
july 23rd, san manuel casino, highland ca
july 24, san jose--details to follow.
july 25, james l knight center miami fl 400 se second ave, miami fl 33131 showtime 7:30



no decision yet, in a few days--plus, a few updates in the meantime.
monday, may 25, 2009
the trial is over but the verdict won't be until tomorrow.  i'll post an update in the middle of the week to let everybody know what's going on.
			let's all hope it goes well.  
in the meantime, a few things to tide you over...
some new videos at a recent performance.

come go with me
let me be the one

also, kelly moneymaker, who's been quiet lately, has recently put up a 
			photo album of her 
			recent concert appearance in april.


general update
tuesday, april 21, 2009
i apologize for the lateness in getting the jeanette interview up.  we want to go back and expand on a few questions so it might be out sometime in may.  (it's not gonna be like that 2-year wait 
			for gioia's interview, so don't worry!)


kelly moneymaker update
sunday, march 29, 2009
kelly moneymaker posted an update on her myspace blog.  she is going to be performing at genghis cohen on april 24th, 9pm, at 740 n. fairfax ave. just north of melrose in la.  she is also 
			wrapping up her long awaited silvermoney cd, and music she's worked on can be heard on the recent dvd collections of samantha who? and grays anatomy.  more details can be found in her entry.


interview's, including one by me...
tuesday, march 24, 2009
exposé has done some interviews that i've recently discovered.  i also have 
			finished an interview with jeanette a few weeks ago and will be putting it on 
			my site within the next few weeks.  in the meantime, here are some other interviews.

audio interview with gioia, on gay internet radio live.  (this might be a bit old).
march, 2009 interview with all three members, bay windows.



videos from 2009 shows
monday, february 16th, 2009
i've created a playlist for all of exposé's 2009 appearances to date that i could find on youtube.  i will
			keep updating this as i find more videos and as exposé does more shows.


gioia bruno update--new album in the works, other plans
sunday, february 15th, 2009
over at blogger geno's world, there is a brief article about gioia and what she has been up to lately.  apparently, she is working on her 
			new album, and has been doing a lot of promotional work to line up interviews, recording sessions, etc.  there are a few new photos which 
			you can check out here.
geno's world published an interview excerpt with gioia.  gioia has apparently recorded an interview the la local show focus in the mix with denise ames.  
			according to the myspace page for that show (careful, this is one of those "messy pages" which can be hard to read), 
			gioia's show will air locally on april 3rd, 2009, and i believe we can purchase dvds of that show.


sin city special performance
friday, jan 30th, 2009
there is a special performance ann, jeanette, and gioia are doing in waterbury, ct on jan 31st, 2009. the club is called "sin city", and they have a myspace page.  they are at 195 frieght street, waterbury, ct.
here's the flyer from the show



more christmas music from exposé, and one confirmed show.
wednesday, december 24, 2008
kelly moneymaker now has christmas music out.  check out her myspace page to hear it.  
			also, on her latest blog entry, in addition to wishing us all happy holidays, she announces that exposé is scheduled to perform at the nokia theater in california on january 24th.  it apparently 
			is part of this event.


some sad news 
wednesday, december 17, 2008
normally i don't report news on members of the "prototype" line-up, as i consider them a completely different group, 
			as you've noted in my faq and elsewhere.  however, because of the sadness of this i wanted to make a special exception.
sandra cassanas, best known as sandeé, apparently passed away on december 15th in hollywood, fl.  there are few details and i don't have 
			access to any official news like an obituary.  sandeé had a good career in dance music, and continued to appear in clubs and freestyle concerts (sharing the bill sometimes with gioia), 
			and was a grandmother.  those in the hollywood fl area can attend services at fred hunter funeral home, 6301 taft st, hollywood, fl.


jeanette jurado adds christmas music to her myspace page
thursday, december 4, 2008
jeanette jurado has decided to share a christmas song she wrote and performed a few 
			years back.  it's called i believe in christmas, and you can hear it on 
			her myspace page.  check it out!


help ann, jeanette, and gioia get shows for next year
sunday, november 9, 2008
there have been a lot of people who have wanted exposé to appear in their area, and a few fans have been working hard to organize your help with 
			this.  i've just added an advocacy and booking page for more details.


join the exposé facebook group!
wednesday, october 29th, 2008
we're trying to build a network for exposé fans to connect with each other.  in the past, i've setup a yahoo mailing list for this, but 
			lately there has been no activity on that mailing list, which i suspect is a combination of people rejecting e-mail and spam filters getting 
			over-agressive lately, as well as alternative technologies taking it's place.  
			
			long time fan del has setup a network on facebook to take advantage of the social networking 
			for the group.  if you are interested in the group and want to connect to other fans, please do the following.

if you are not already a member, sign-up for facebook (http://www.facebook.com).
once you are a confirmed member, go to the group fans of 80s group exposé, and join that group.



review--exposé at epcot center
wednesday, october 29th, 2008
because exposé was not appearing near my area this year, i decided to take a trip down to epcot center and watch them perform.  they performed at the 
			eat to the beat concert series at the american garden's theater.
the eat to the beat shows are very nice.  they are limited to doing 7 songs because of the time limit and doing three of them a night, but 
			had the four-piece backing band working for them.  the songs they did each 
			night were in walked love, come go with me, what you don't know, i'll never get over you (getting over me), let me be the one, season's change, and point of 
			no return.  the weather was bad the first day--light rain and extremely humid--but the other days were great.  the shows were packed each night and a lot of 
			people had a happy time.  exposé would go out in the audience, dance with little kids and enthused fans, etc.  i saw eight of the nine shows...and i didn't 
			go on any of the disney attractions--no time when you start standing in line at 3:00pm each day.
youtube has already posted a few videos from this concert.

point of no return (first night)
season's change (second night)
come go with me (second night)



status on kelly's projects
wednesday, october 29th, 2008
kelly's finishing up her silvermoney project, and will be releasing it soon.  she is also working on a third as-yet-untitled solo cd, and contributed vocals to 
			a group called pillbox porn.  a song she's written, back seat taxi, has been recently used in the movie confessions of a go-go girl and gossip girl.  find out more 
			in her blog entry.


more about gioia's barack obama song.
saturday, september 6, 2008
gioia's been doing interviews regarding her single.  she was recently 
			interviewed by her friend jade alexander
			on miami local news.  you can also find a video to the song on 
			gioia's youtube site.
gioia's message about the song

			"change the world"

			i co-wrote the song "change the world" to motivate people to take a stand and to remind them that we all have a voice.
			
			i have felt a markable difference in the energy surrounding this presidential campaign - a positive and motivating force that breaks all barriers and unifies us.
			
			this campaign has given us the opportunity to look beyond our differences and to regain the sense of community that has become lost during these past eight years. we all want a better america; we all want to take pride in our country again, and we all want to fulfill the promise that is america, a promise that barack obama, through his blueprint for change, wishes to make a reality come election day.
			
			gioia
			


gioia's obama promotional song is out.
wednesday, august 27th, 2008
the promotional single gioia worked on to support barack obama is now 
			available for the public to listen to on gioia's myspace page.  
			if you like the song (and support the candidate), she'd like you to share 
			the link to all your friends.


gioia bruno listening party in miami.
sunday, august 10th, 2008
a media party is being held for the press for gioia's new 
			single for the barack obama campaign.  this will be held 
			on tuesday, august 12 at 6:00pm, at the following location:
cherokee studio east
			1943 ne 148th street
            north miami, fl 33181


gioia bruno doing a song for obama.
monday, august 4th, 2008
gioia is working on a single for the barack obama campaign called yes we can.  i 
			will have more details in the future.
quick editorial disclaimer:  i do hope exposé or gioia fans aren't so 
			shallow that they suddenly disdain gioia because of her personal political 
			beliefs.  i hate to say that but it seems in this day 
			and age if you reveal your political leanings you get attacked by others who 
			disagree, and some people have trouble liking music once they know political 
			leanings.  we now return you to the epistle...


kelly moneymaker and silvermoney update.
monday, august 4th, 2008
a song that kelly moneymaker wrote with her writing partner 
			dan silver is featured in the movie trailer for make it happen.  
			you can view the video on youtube, the song's
			title is justified, and is the second song in the trailer.
she is working on her upcoming album project.  i hope to have details 
			soon.


gioia bruno hosting karaoke nights at the depot.
sunday, june 29, 2008
gioia is hosting karaoke at the depot, a nightclub located at 1243 ne 11th ave, fort lauderdale.
			she hosted last week and will be hosting this week (wednesday, july 2nd) at 9pm to around 1am.  i believe 
			she will be doing this every wednesday for the next several weeks.  check out gioia's myspace page for photos from her 
			hosting duties.


gioia bruno on new cd for hydra productions
sunday, june 1, 2008
gioia can be heard doing vocals for a compilation project for hydra productions.  
			the new cd liquid features gioia doing the lead vocals for the song flashback, 
			and a joint song with jade starling (of pretty poison fame) and kim esty called 
			the good girls have gone to bed.  also featured on this cd are tiffany and 
			stacey q.  you can find out more about the cd, listen to sample tracks, 
			and purchase it from here
http://www.hydramusicproductions.com/store.htm.


kelly moneymaker doing a benefit show
sunday, may 18, 2008
kelly moneymaker will be performing live on tuesday, may 27th, 2008, at a benefit concert 
			for a friend who recently passed away, wade hubbard.  this benefit concert proceeds will 
			be going to wade's family, and includes performances from david hasselhoff, boys don't cry, 
			and a lot of local acts in the southern california area.  this benefit concert will be 
			held at the following location:
molly malone's
			575 south fairfax ave.
			los angeles, california 90036
			show starts at 7:30 pm pdt, cost:$10
for more information, please read kelly's blog entry on the show.


update on lack of updates
tuesday, april 29, 2008
sorry for the lack of updates right now.  i was sick for a little while 
			and i've been updating a computer as well as working on a content management system
			for this web site.  i may not be able to update the site for a few weeks 
			while this goes on.  there's also not a lot of news to report right now, hopefully 
			that will change soon.
if you have urgent questions, please feel free to e-mail me (at johntroy at[@] expose-epistle dot[.] org) 
			and i will do my best to answer them--i can answer your inquires easier that way.  you can also contact me on myspace


20 years ago today, season's change hit #1
tuesday, february 19th, 2008
20 years ago today, exposé single, seasons change, was number one on the 
			billboard hot 100 chart.  i figured we should celebrate this anniversary.
wow.  20 whole years have gone by.  can you imagine that, 2 whole decades.  it seems only 
			like yesterday when this occured.  many seasons have changed since that song hit number one.
			how many changes has the world gone through since that long ago february.
to reminise, you can view the wikipedia entry for the song, or view the (official) video 
			on youtube from sonybmg.



tina's (tcfan70) collection on youtube.  note she mostly focuses on gioia bruno in these shots.

december and your baby never looked good in blue
come go with me and what you don't know
tell me why
i know you know
exposed to love



new videos on youtube, refiled suit
sunday, february 17th, 2008
first, the bad news.  that lawsuit that was dismissed almost a month ago was re-filed.  so we're just going 
			to have to wait and see what happens.  i don't plan on making any comment about it right now.  
			in the meantime, you can read some details on why it was dismissed on this seattle legal blog.
in happier news, somebody has recently posted some concert footage from last year's palmdale 
			show.  i'll provide links below, but my favorite is the one i'm going to embed.



tina's (tcfan70) collection on youtube.  note she mostly focuses on gioia bruno in these shots.

december and your baby never looked good in blue
come go with me and what you don't know
tell me why
i know you know
exposed to love



gioia to do charity show in new jersey for autism
monday, february 4th, 2008
gioia will be appearing at a special event on saturday, february 23rd at the blend bar in nj.  this is 
			a charitable event that goes to benefit autism in kids.  the organization is caleld marblejam.
			you can find out more information at http://www.marblejamkids.org for more information 
			or to make a contribution.  to purchase tickets for the actual event, which are going at $125.00, follow this link.
			to find more about the venue, go to http://www.blendbar.com/



exposé lawsuit dismissed without predjudice, january 23rd 2008
friday, january 25, 2008
good news for exposé fans, the lawsuit filed by ce&f was dismissed in 
			florida federal court on january 23rd!
this doesn't mean i think everything is "over", it was 
			dismissed for reasons unrelated to the issues presented 
			in the suit.  but it's good news regardless.


update for the new year
monday, january 21, 2008
there's not a lot of significant news, but i figured i'd give you a few updates.

based on a statement on youtube, it looks like the video for gioia's new 
				release, your love is lifting me higher, will be out later this month or in 
				early february.
there's no major news about the lawsuit.  however, a few things to note

i have no idea how this affects touring or appearances.
let's try to keep rumour and innuendo to a minimum.  i've had a few 
					people say random false things about the plaintiffs or lewis martinee.  spreading 
					rumors can make things worse, so please be skeptical of any news given to you 
					from a "friend of a friend".
this site is not dedicated to the "trademark", or any ersatz line-up.
					i will continue to focus on ann curless, jeanette jurado, gioia bruno, and kelly 
					moneymaker.

i've created a youtube playlist that will
				show you several exposé videos that i've linked to in 2007.  feel free to watch.  i'm still 
				adding and organizing it.


view archived news (2003-2007)


the exposé epistle and the exposé epistle
	on-line is an independent publication and is not officially connected
	in any way with or official represent any of the following:  exposé (including parties ann curless,
	jeanette jurado, gioia bruno and kelly moneymaker), nor with any management organization or record label related to them, including
	but not limited to arista records, rca, sony bmg, crystal entertainment & filmworks (i and ii), pantera group enterprises, charisma recording, 
	extreme productions, midnite sun records, radar records, xica productions, smoovicity, waking giant, punch the cake, paradise artists, 
	and mayday records.
all opinions and articles enclosed herein do not necessarily 
	reflect the opinions of the above parties. all opinions and articles 
	presented by other writers do not necessarily reflect the opinions 
	of john r. troy. this site is intended as a noncommercial endeavor.
unless otherwise stated, all articles posted on this web site are copyright
	© 1995-2020 by john r. troy, all rights reserved.
any documents herein may be freely copied provided that it is done 
	in its entirety without editing, and for non-profit purposes.




