



  






jami taback















































☰





						jami taback
					


cart







art






works on paper, hybrid prints




paintings & mixed processes




public murals & installations




morningstar press & artist books







installations




workshops






about






artist statement




cv - art




cv - business




press







contact











							
								jami taback
							
						


and morningstar press


















storm warningmonoprint on arches paperwith pouchoir and pigments, 2022













2024 creative environmental award 
i am elated to announce that “in deep water”, a collaboration installation art project between jane ingram allen and myself has won the 2024 creative environmental award from the san francisco estuary partnership.  the award recognizes the importance of environmental art in promoting a better environment.find out more about the sf estuary partnership: https://www.sfestuary.org/  



 
































 











in deep waterartist statements:jami taback: the main thrust of this project is to  show beauty and destruction and then the horror and hope for the future  of our planet as it pertains to our poisoned waterways, spoiled by  pollution and drought. much of this is due to the extraction of elements  from the earth and its devastating impact on our people. with paper  made of natural fibers containing seeds combined with images referencing  water and then the abrupt introduction of fire bringing the truth and  tragedy about these two climates and the diversity of when they  overflow, burn and then regrow again.currently  my art represents the millions of climate refugees fleeing their  countries due to lack of and extraction of the natural resources from  their homeland leaving them without food, water and a sustainable life.  however now my interests attempt to understand and send out a message of  caution and alarm about our water, the most essential requirement for  life.jane ingram allen: my art aims to  foster public awareness of environmental issues, with collaborative and  participatory processes in mixed media multi-part installations. i use  all natural and biodegradable materials such as handmade paper i make  from local plant waste materials and seeds to produce continually  evolving artworks that transform with nature as a partner. in my recent  “living quilts” outdoor installations, the handmade paper dissolves over  time becoming compost to nourish the earth, and the seeds sprout and  grow to produce food and habitat for wildlife as well as aesthetic  experiences for humans. the sculptural structures with my living,  growing installations are made of wood and branches and last well for  many years, and the artworks continue to change and evolve with time.  these works comment on our vain hope for permanency in art and our  desire to conquer nature rather than exist in harmony with the earth.  with this project i am focusing on water and our current climate crisis,  bringing attention to our dire circumstances, with too little water and  too much water, and projecting hope for a better future.



in deep water newsarte morbida, textile arts magazinehttps://www.artemorbida.com/in-deep-water-jane-ingram-allen-and-jami-taback/?lang=eniapma, international association of paper making artistshttps://www.instagram.com/p/ccbnnyyp6pg/sacatar foundation in bahia, brazilhttps://sacatar.org/news/

 











subscribe





email address






sign up






thank you!





































