







willow creekwillow creek






















































community info



                  important info
                



                  neighborhood
                





              home owners
            



                contact
              














community info



                  important info
                



                  neighborhood
                





              home owners
            



                contact
              


















traditional small town living steps from downtown.





residences designed to make the everyday extraordinary.

 

located in the quaint town of sweetwater, willow creek is an exclusive lifestyle community established in 2004.  sweetwater is nestled in the valley of the mountains of east tennessee and centered with thriving knoxville only thirty minutes north, watts bar lake twenty minutes west, the cherohala skyway thirty minutes east, and chattanooga less than an hour south. willow creek, steps from downtown sweetwater, was designed and built by jeff and joleen darragh, husband and wife contractor/developer, architecture team.  the only all inclusive neighborhood like it in its town, willow creek, features traditional residences in a wide variety of styles, along with handy amenities like an exercise facility, pools, playground, tennis courts, outdoor amphitheater, community center, and miles of landscaped sidewalks. 

 

































































































amenities





more than just a housing complex.

 

willow creek is more than just a housing complex – it's a neighborhood, and any good neighborhood comes with amenities for the locals. when we built willow creek, we handpicked these fine comforts to create our community.

 











community centerand willow creek gazeboall residents have access to the community center to enjoy a drink on the balcony with friends, gather in rocking chairs in the gazebo, or use the wifi in the community center.  













swimming poolsand outdoor playground two beautiful swimming pools sit behind the community center.  one full swimming pool with an additional kiddie pool sit adjacent to the outdoor playground.  kids can alternate from swimming, sliding, and playing tennis, all while parents keep a watchful eye by the pool.

 











outdoor amphitheaterfranklin parkcentral to the neighborhood is franklin park, willow creek's outdoor amphitheater.  residents gather for outdoor cookouts, outdoor movies, and even the occasional concert.













tennis courtsand miles of sidewalksmiles of beautifully manicured sidewalks connect each home to an outdoor basketball goal, the playground, and two tennis courts that are just minutes from every front door. 



































back to top




home




willow creek, 202 willowcreek boulevard, sweetwater, tn, 37874, united states(423) 836.9494mainstreet@realtyexecutives.com


copyright 2020 worthingtondesign









