

texas softball hall of fame houston softball leagues missouri city 
softball league west houston softball league sugarland texas softball league 
quail valley softball league lake olympia softball league first colony softball 
league mo. city softball league



























"the significance of your life is determined by the positive impact it has on others." jackie robinson; i am ralph hall and i approve of this message 2-7- 2016









let's play ball !







									 







































































































									 










773 leagues 



 1987 to 2022 league champions
                					 
                					 to bring your bat for 
											some good hits - good to bring your glove 
											for some tough plays - great to bring your heart 
											for all the people - 

priceless.   




 










								 




                                    you have entered the former texas softball hall of 
								fame website.  




ralph 
										hall is publishing that texas softball 
										hall of fame will not be offering 
										services for softball leagues or 
										tournaments in 2025. ralph may choose to 
										umpire occasionally for a senior 
										softball event, a league, or a special 
										event but, not as a texas softball hall of 
										fame represntative. 
the time 
										has come for ralph hall to continue 
										retirement and move on to the next 
										season of his life. he looks forward to 
										embracing a new vision for his life, 
										time, and energy.

ralph is 
										grateful for the millions of 
										participants with him over the last 40 
										years. he has a deep sense of gratitude 
										for those who became good friends and 
										loyal supporters, particularly for the 
										hundreds of thousands who prayed for him 
										and with him. also, he thankfully 
										acknowledges the trophy vendors, t-shirt 
										designers, tech support individuals, 
										private complex owners and managers, 
										team managers and coaches, ground crews, 
										mo. city, houston, richmond, bellaire, 
										and seguin city workers, fort bend and 
										harris county workers, hcssl, various 
										ymcas, texas instruments, the boards of 
										directors, and spiritual leaders, who 
										were all helpful people in supporting 
										him to love and lead many softball 
										communities. 

   

likewise, the 
										178 umpires who served as ambassadors to 
										the softball communities, will always be 
										greatly appreciated. additionally, the 
										professional associations of naso, asa, 
										usssa, nsa, and usa have been reliable 
										partners in helping in the development 
										and maintaining of high standards 
										throughout the years. the producing or 
										directing of 877 tournaments and 773 leagues at 31 locations and 71 different 
										fields were awesome individual 
										achievements and corporate 
										accomplishments, whose records will 
										likely be unmatched for a long time.
										

 finally, 
										all of the charity and celebrity events 
										in which he was a part were thoroughly 
										enjoyable. 

 
the 
										policy from the first pitch until the 
										last will always remain, “we do not invite the 
										great teams to humble the rest, we 
										invite the humble to become great.”
										 
god’s 
										blessings on those who wisely choose to 
										live the twin legacies of  sportsmanship and 
										character.  
i am 
										ralph hall, jr. and i approve of this 
										message, december 17, 2024.




										  
									




 texas 
									softball hall of fame mission statement 
                                    and your mission if you choose to accept and 
								continue it, 
									is to lead softball events that promote 
									sportsmanship,


to protect the integrity of the 
									game, to provide a caring atmosphere, to 
									enhance the well-being of all people of good 
                                    will who 
									participate, and to honor commitment to our softball community.
											"this is how to make an impact and a positive 
									difference." 
 our mission 
									was tested by both 
											time and circumstances.  


"we work - you play." ralph hall










