






houndhaven | a safe haven for dogs of all kinds









































































 




















home
donate
success stories
forms
contact us
 





select page


  
 
 












a non-profit canine medical rescue

in our 22 years of rescuing dogs from euthanasia at kill shelters, we learned that rescue doesn’t end when the dog is placed.  good owners often find themselves faced with extraordinary vet expenses due to no fault of their own.  houndhaven has always helped its adopted dogs get the care they needed, and starting in 2023, we are now working with five specialty vets to ensure that other dogs get the care they need regardless of their owner’s inability to pay. 
 
we will rescue these dogs from suffering, surrender, and/or euthanasia through the following program. the specialty vets will verify that the owner has provided good basic care for the dog and that the dog will have a good prognosis if it receives the vet care.  if that’s the case, the vet will provide a discount, and houndhaven will pay up to 50% of the discounted price, leaving the owner to pay only the remainder.  we will post pictures and stories of the dogs we are helping.  as we begin helping dogs in this new way, we hope you will continue to support our efforts to help dogs in need.

like us on facebookcontact us





;















donate








lucy's fund will help dogs get neurology care
dr. kara knight, blue pearl, maitland, fl









sammy's fund will help dogs get ophthalmology care
dr. daniel priehs, animal eye associates, maitland, fl









finnegan's fund will help dogs get orthopedic & general surgery care
dr. jeff peck, veterinary care & specialty group, chattanooga, tn











sammy's happy tail fund will help dogs get orthopedic care
dr. cheryl tano, blue pearl,maitland, fl









leila's fund will help dogs get cancer care
dr. evan sones, animal cancer care clinic, orlando, fl









sammy's fund for furry friends will help dogs get dermatology care 
dr. marcia schwassman,veterinary dermatology center, maitland, fl














the content below contains affiliate links. if you use these links to buy something we may earn a commission. thanks.








giving assistant
giving assistant’s mission is to transform everyday shopping into charitable action that makes it easy for shoppers to both save money and give back for free. 








grounds crew
looking for coffee and pup themed products? you get 15% off by using this link and houndhaven received 15% of every sale!








goodshop
when you shop through goodshop, a donation is made to houndhaven. use goodshop for over 7000 merchants!







join our mailing list




success!



name



email





subscribe




























 










































































