





family and cosmetic dentist in torrance | dr. mylena ji, dds
 





















































































welcome to the dental office of dr. mylena ji, dds, inc.



















































call now: (310) 326-4691
no insurance? uninsured patients call us for details on our special rates.

specials
about

blog


dental services

our services
dentist
cosmetic dentist
family dentist
emergency dentist


patient resources

carecredit
history of dentistry
links


reviews

testimonials


contact

hours of operation
our location

dental offices in torrance









specials
about

blog


dental services

our services
dentist
cosmetic dentist
family dentist
emergency dentist


patient resources

carecredit
history of dentistry
links


reviews

testimonials


contact

hours of operation
our location

dental offices in torrance
















visit us today!
25346 crenshaw blvd ste 201, torrance, ca 90505










we're open:
mon, thur 8am - 5pm | tue, wed, fri 9am - 6pm










request an appointment:
fill out our online form!



















 





general care that
 keeps you smiling 

your comfort is always our top priority.
our friendly, modern dental practice is dedicated to providing patients of all ages with highest standard of care. 

learn more 







providing comprehensive
 dentistry services 

whether you are looking for teeth whitening, 
dental implants or other dental services, look no further than 
dr. mylena ji, dds 

schedule an appointment 







cutting edge technology
and innovation 

with over 30 years of dental experience and 
experience with implants, we are experts in all facets
of dentistry services. 

view services 



 









zoom! whitening
only $399 – please call for details.








cosmetic dental implants
fix your missing teeth with cosmetic dental implants.








dental crowns
affordable dental crowns and dental bridges for all ages.





family and cosmetic dentist in torrance | dr. mylena ji, dds



dr. mylena ji provides complete family dental care and cosmetic dentistry. she has the best reviews, best gentle hands and most years of experience.
we perform crowns, veneers, teeth whitening, root canals, dental implants, bridges, dentures, bonding and much more!
call (310) 326-4691
your smile is our top priority at our dental office in torrance. our entire dental team is dedicated to providing you with the personalized, gentle care that you deserve. we have the best family and cosmetic dentist in torrance.
part of our mission and commitment to serving our patients in our torrance cosmetic & family dentistry, includes providing information that helps them to make more informed decisions about their oral health needs. this website is a resource we hope you’ll find both useful and interesting. contact us today!
we genuinely hope this site is helpful to you in learning more about our practice, our office policies, dental conditions and treatments, dental recommendations, and more.
please browse through our website and be sure to call torrance dentist, mylena ji, dds, at our torrance cosmetic and family dentistry office if you have any questions or would like to schedule an appointment.









we'll take care of you


find out about how dental implants can be a permanent solution for missing teeth.



 learn more






low radiation x-rays!


the torrance dental office of dr. mylena ji is proud to offer the latest advancements available in x-ray technology.



 learn more
our advantages






									accepting
carecredit							
our clinic offers carecredit which allows you to begin your treatment immediately. creating monthly payments to fit your budget.








									modern
technology							
our office is furnished with modern equipment, maintained at the highest standards for all of our treatments.








									successful
dental treatments							
we guarantee that our treatments and surgeries are safe and have optimal success rates.








									certified dentist
of dental surgery							
with many years of dental experience, mylena ji is an expert in all facets of dentistry.




years
established




languages
spoken



our happy clients








“i always enjoy coming to the office where i am met by friendly professionals who care about their patients. thanks!

chandelle b.





“always friendly and great :)) a great place for nervous adults and kids! thank you very much.

monica d.





“great service. kind, compassionate and understanding. goes above and beyond to make me feel comfortable and pain free!”

jennifer





” always a happy and pleasant atmosphere in and around the office! always precision dental work that makes my smile happy!

lisa g.






visit us today!








 








office25346 crenshaw blvd ste 201,
torrance, ca 90505e-maildrji@dentistry4u.comphone(310) 326-4691opening hourssunday: closed
monday: 8am -5pm
tuesday: 9am-6pm
wednesday: 9am-6pm
thursday: 8am-5pm
friday: 9am-6pm
saturday: closed


 
 





about our dental practice: welcome to mylena ji, dds of torrance, ca.dr. mylena ji and our friendly, knowledgeable staff are dedicated to making every visit to our office a great experience. expert dental care is provided with a warm, personal touch in a comfortable, relaxed setting.
mylena ji, dds is a modern practice offering torrance area patients a full-range of general and cosmetic dental services, from routine check-ups to complete smile makeovers. dr. ji practices conservative, proactive dentistry utilizing the latest in dental technology.

 

open hours: sunday: closed
monday: 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
tuesday: 9:00 am – 6:00 pm
wednesday: 9:00 am – 6:00 pm
thursday: 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
friday: 9:00am – 6:00pm
saturday: closed

 

follow us on social media 





				copyright © 2018 dr. mylena ji dds, inc. | privacy policy 


 
 
 













































