
















maui wedding planning and maui minister | get married in hawaii















skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar


















































elcome to a maui style wedding. we offer personal maui weddings, vow renewal ceremonies & maui celebration packages. 




maui wedding planners
as full service wedding coordinators, we will work with you to create your perfect maui wedding experience. whether your idea is an intimate beach wedding at sunset, an extravagant affair with family and friends at a tropical plantation house, or a secluded ceremony accessible only by helicopter, our staff will make it happen. you can count on our staff to work within your budget and plan your dream wedding in a reliable and professional manner.

maui wedding packages
our maui wedding packages are a reflection of the many weddings and vow renewal ceremonies that we have created. perhaps you will find the perfect package for you! if not, don't worry, we realize that each and every couple's needs are unique. simply select the additional options you are interested in and we will customize a package especially for you. enjoy browsing through our website!

a commitment to your dream wedding
having a passion for the timeless beauty of maui, we love to share it with couples from around the world. we have been involved with the careful planning and thoughtful organization of hundreds of weddings, paying particular attention to every last detail. we are committed to providing every couple with the effortless, enchanting, stress-free wedding of their dreams.































home








about us

as owner of a maui style wedding, reverend brad salter is our primary officiant. reverend brad brings his soulful presence and creative expression to your wedding. he puts the language of the heart into words for your personalized ceremony.



why us

our experience, reliability, and fun...more»  




make sure to check out the latest pictures of happy couples married maui stylemore»  



weather today







 





a maui style wedding  |  24 malialani place, lahaina, maui, hawaii 96761phone (808) 298-7873  |  fax (808) 669-0800




















