




domestic-church.com home










































domestic-church.com











toggle navigation








home
articles
stories
essays
fridge art
saints
stewardship 
books 
more... 

health
sacraments
teaching
vocations
reviews
editor
links
contact us
about us
index of sections
index of authors
index of titles


search













third sunday in lent  in the domestic church










						"the family finds in the plan of god the creator and redeemer not only its identity, what it is, but also its mission, what it can and should do." with john paul the great's words as inspiration, domestic-church.com hopes to promote a catholic culture of the home that will aid each family to become "what you are!" 
					

this week's features ... 

















the resurrection argument that changed a generation of scholars - gary habermas
gary habermas is the distinguished professor of apologetics and philosophy and chairman, department of philosophy and theology, at liberty university. in this forum, he explores the historical evidence for the resurrection of jesus of nazareth.  recording from the veritas forum at uc-santa barbara.

13 fun and cute easter diys
easter is this weekend! can you believe it? time flies! cute grass in the eggshels, napkin bunnies and naturally dyed eggs!
    
 -->

six ways to make your holy week really holy
fr. jerry orbos shares his view  of how to have an ecellent holy week.          
    

entering the desert of lent
bishop barron talks about lent, an ancient period of prayer, fasting, and almsgiving in preparation for easter. he also offers several recommendations on how to have a more spiritually powerful lent.
    

--> 




submit a link ... 
share your favorite link other domestic-church.com readers! 
        suggestions for our domestic church links
            pages are always welcome. click here  ==> 
            contact
                us to submit your suggestion. 






resources for creating a catholic culture of the home 
fridge art
fridge art is the heart of the
                                domestic-church.com web site. this is where
                                you'll find fun family centered activities
                                — only some are crafts, we also have games or other activities — all designed to bring the liturgical life of church into the home, and teach children about living the catholic faith. making faithful activities a 'normal' part of family life goes a long way towards building an enduring family faith life.




 

family stations of the cross 





easter tree





making bread


 



saints
brief histories of the lives of saints, most in three accounts; for young families (children 0-8), for practiced families (children 8-14), and experienced families (children 14-adult). catherine fournier and others.




 

saint gabriel of our lady of sorrows feast day: february 27





saint casimir feast day: march 4





saint john of god feast day: march 8


 



articles
our articles section invites you to take a
                                closer look at our faith. like the view
                                from a window, there's always more "out there" than may be first apparent. this section contains interesting and useful information about celebrating the liturgical life of the church and living the catholic faith in the catholic family home. articles often include excerpts from the catechism, encyclicals and other writings of the church.  




 

parents and schools: cooperators in education





novena to the holy spirit by unknown 





reflection on the beatitudes by unknown


 









essays
opinion and meditation. essays are written by priests, religious, lay people, anyone with some insight and inspiration to offer. please use the table of contents below or browse through the list farther down to find something interesting.




 

how to become a lapsed catholic quickly and easily





coming to terms: what is family?





the mystery of divine anger


 



stories
stories, mostly about living a catholic life in the home.




 

lost in the laundry by maria peceli





and rachel mourned... by marianna bartold





never underestimate by unknown


 



stewardship
we are stewards of all god's creation, including our bodies, our homes and the environment. learning, organization and planning helps us carry out this responsibility of stewardship more easily. stewardship involves making efficient use of our resources including money. this is what's wrong with 'materialism' - it's an abuse of stewardship.
some of the material in this section of domestic-church.com will form the heart of the final book in our series "liturgical seasons for the domestic church" entitled: food for the domestic church. i'll add to this part of the site while writing that book, adding more recipes, organizational tips and planning advice. what is here now, is really only a skeleton of what's possible (and what i want to say on the subject) in the meantime, i've added a table of contents to make it easier to browse through what is here now.







meatless meals





emergency preparedness





the patron saints of gardening






 
sacraments
                            and sacramentals
meditations, and information about the seven sacraments along with advice and information about preparing children for participation in the sacraments. sacramentals - those devotions that prepare us to receive actual graces are also discussed and described here.







what the church teaches about confession by catherine fournier





children's examination of conscience by unknown





is it a sin to miss mass? by catherine fournier







church teaching
a collection of teaching documents, videos and books, many of them written by popes, especially pope john paul ii.
there is a very large collection of church teachings about the faith, family, life and sexuality. they have been written against a backdrop of 2,000 years of practical experience in helping families live as christians. not surprisingly, most of these writings are not very "trendy". the documents you read here will survive all of the current trends and be read by your children's children. they are solid basis for building your own domestic church.




 

the theology of the person (part one) by father bob papi





encyclical letter humanae vitae on the regulation of birth





charter of the rights of the family


 



vocations
stories and essays about vocations.  if you have anything to contribute, such as how you ended up with a priest or a nun in the family, or a mother or father aware of the vocation of marriage, we'd love to hear from you! 




 

marital chastity and natural family planning by stacey holgate





the sacrament of marriage





my vocation as a school sister of notre dame


 



links
we have compiled these lists of links in the hope that you find them useful, that we point you towards something or somewhere that you might not have thought of, that it makes it easier for you to find the information you need to carry out the work or building your domestic church.
go to "links"

living in the domestic church


the
		                liturgical seasons - advent,  christmas and epiphany, lent and
		                easter, ordinary time - have many lessons for families to both teach and learn. this web site offers families a wide variety of activities, crafts, essays and stories for the domestic church during the great feasts and seasons of the church.
		                
		                

		                        christ calls us all to "preach to all nations." we evangelize with our words, certainly, but we also (and often more effectively) teach with our actions and our work. "see how they love each other!" says the acts of the apostles. much of this mission of evangelization takes place in ordinary time and takes place in the domestic church. so, we also offer a host of faith-filled and faith building devotions, activities and ideas for a family's ordinary time.
		                        
		                            may we all "become what we are!"
		        













 



home
about us
contact us





copyright © 21 mar 2022 
domestic church communications ltd.. 
    all rights reserved.








 











 





























