



the bls company - your ground travel partner

















































(800) 843-5752 | 



homelog insign uplog indownloadreceiptslearnwhat we dowho we drivefor travel agentstech featureschauffeurs & fleetleadershipcontact & morecontact formcompany officesmeet team blshappenings @blscareer centerbecome an affiliate sustainabilityhealth & safetytax rebateterms & definitionsprivacy policy











your ground travel partner








sign up
open a new bls account or link to an existing one.
 




log in
log in to manage your account and reserve bls worldwide.
 




download
book bls car service on your phone with our mobile app.
 




receipts
get final bls trip pricing with detailed ride info.
 











 managed transportation
 we build relationships that last by making chauffeured ground transportation seamless for our customers.





five decades of experience

                    with years of reliable service and millions of completed rides, bls is the preferred ground travel vendor for businesses and professionals.
                



worldwide coverage

                    bls provides chauffeured driven car service in every city around the globe through company-owned locations and preferred affiliate partners.
                



duty of health & safety

					bls continues to be the industry leader with strict protocols in place that delivers a clean and safe ride, anywhere you travel. learn more




cutting-edge technology

					bls is powered by a custom pci, gdpr & soc compliant state-of-the-art dispatch system, which allows for a seamless ground travel experience.
                



customer service

					bls customer service is industry leading with dedicated account managers and logistic experts that will manage your account every step of the way.
                



sustainability

					bls offsets its carbon emissions by planting more than 1,000 trees per year and is investing in electric vehicles. learn more









who we drive





aviation


                        flight tracking, custom alerts and a dedicated aviation department. bls transports both crew and passengers for private air and large airlines.
                    







corporate travel


                        with bls, transporting executives to the airport, train, fbo, hotel, office or home will be done timely, efficiently, and within policy.
                    







groups & events


                        bls provides a single point of contact for bookings and on-site coordination for both small and large movements with an array vehicle types.
                    







hotel


                        bls partners with hotels around the world to ensure a seamless brand experience from the moment guests enter the vehicle. 
                    










leisure


                        whether it's a vacation in maui or a tour of italy, travel advisors can count on bls for a stress-free and friendly ground transportation experience.
                    







medical


                        bls is equipped to handle clinical trial / patient travel and hcp / speaker transportation with industry compliant reporting and billing polices.
                    







music


                        luxury vehicles with professional and discreet chauffeurs are on call to assist artists with touring and appearances across the globe.
                    







production


                        with offices in key production locations for tax incentives, bls is the #1 choice for production travel at studios, networks and streamers. learn more












publicity


                        whether it's a press appearence, junket, screening, premiere, festival, or award show, count on true white glove service that publicist can rely on.
                    






resort casino


                        concierge, transportation departments, and front door personnel rely on bls to transport their guests in comfort and style.
                    







road show


                        bls is fully equipped to handle complex multi-city ground movements with a dedicated team of road show trained chauffeurs and agents.
                    







sports


                        game day press conferences. announcer and team transfers. massive sporting events. bls is the premiere ground expert for the sports business.
                    











 travel agency partnership





direct integration

                         bls is integrated with multiple top-tier gds systems. get instant confirmations and price estimates upon booking.
                    




timely commission

                         get paid commissions on base charges with detailed monthly statements when you book ground travel with bls. 
                    




solid synergy

                       communication, cooperation and rolling up our sleeves to build relationships that last is paramount at bls.
                    












cutting edge tech






 trip tracker



                       track your chauffeur on a map via sms message, trip confirmation, website or app with ease for any ride around the world. 
                    







care alerts



                        automatically get notifications that contain pertinant trip info via email and sms 48 hours to 15 minutes prior to a reservation.
                    







number connect



                        the days of waiting for your rides contact information is over. get your chauffeurs direct dial number upon reserving a bls trip.
                    







custom contact



                        get a dedicated phone number and email address with trained and assigned ground travel coordinators that will manage your account.
                    












 the bls chauffeur






discreet

                        confidentially non-disclosure agreements are signed and enforced for passenger privacy and peace-of-mind.
                    




professional

                       classroom trained in proper etiquette to interact in a business professional manner at all times for the duration the ride.
                    




safe

                        on the road training is taught and reinforced with safe driving techniques along with proper covid-19 protocols.
                    










the bls fleet
with capacity from 1 to 55 passengers, bls maintains one of the largest and most diverse fleets in the industry.

bls employs a staff of certified mechanics, body people and porters to maintain the worldwide fleet. 





luxury sedans (usa / canada)



full size suvs (usa / canada)



electric vehicles (usa / canada / uk / europe / asia)





sprinters & vans (usa / canada / uk / europe / asia)



minicoaches (usa / canada / uk / europe / asia)



full size motorcoaches (usa / canada / uk / europe / asia)






luxury sedans (uk / europe / asia)




luxury minivans (uk / europe / asia)




luxury suv (uk / europe / asia)








leadership
bls is a certified woman-owned business through .







phyllis okon
chairwoman and ceo


phyllis founded bls in 1976 with her late husband jay david okon. as a pioneer in the chauffeured car service industry, phyllis continues her life’s work by leading and inspiring her staff. 






michael okon
president


after being raised in the transportation industry, and receiving his mba in business, michael started with bls in 2000. he focuses his time on growth and new business development. 






eric okon
coo


eric was born into the car service business and never knew life without it. he started his career at bls in the early 2000s and now leads worldwide operations and technology initiatives. 





meet team bls










			 



get started


 


sign up



 



 







contact us





text or call

                        (800) 843-5752
                    
international

                        (718) 267-4760
                    





fax

                        (718) 274-2408
                    
email

contact form





mailing address

                       corporate headquarters   321 new south rd.  suite 101   hicksville, ny 11801  







 linkedin - facebook - instagram - x - threads - tiktok



© the bls company


























