      drive for crst | truck driving jobs | crst expedited     recruiters are standing by: 888-753-0328 | icrecruiting@crst.comapply now hometruck driving schooldriverstruck driving jobsexperienced diversabout uscontactmilitary   select page    truck driving jobsyou’ve just received your class a cdl trucking license, now what? now you need to run miles in an environment that solidifies your industry training! at crst, we aim to give you structure in your career path and room to grow at a competitive pace. our unique team driver training program equips you with the skills, real-world experience, and safety standards you need to get ahead in your trucking career. and because we want to help you transition to a career in trucking, we’re happy to offer a $1,500 sign-on bonus. owner operatorwe’re proud to continue our rich tradition of partnering with independent contractors for mutual stability and success. whether you operate solo or with a team, crst’s extensive resources and loyal customer base will keep your trucks on the move. our support programs,reduced fuel pricing, insurance, tire discounts, maintenance, and more, all contribute to substantial bottom lines and smart cost management. as america’s largest team carrier, we’re committed to offering the industry’s finest team package.program participants are entitled to:99% no-touch, 80% drop-and-hook freight, most of which is single pick-up/single delivery and customer-handledzero forced dispatchbest-in-class safety program, including driver-decision shut-down policythe longest average team miles in the industry     let's talkfill out the form below to speak with a recruiter today.first name (required) last name (required) phone number your email (required) city state  best time of day to call? are you current or former military?  yes noselect one:  i have a cdl i need a cdli am interested in your zero down lease purchase program:  yes no*all applicants must be 21 years of age or older. by submitting this form you are opting in to receive correspondence from crst. for additional info see the terms and conditions below.   copyright © 2024 crst. all rights reserved. privacy policy*by completing this form, i agree to receive correspondence from crst. this includes receiving autodialed telephone calls, prerecorded messages, text messages and emails about trucking job opportunities at the contact number and address i have provided above. i understand that i am not required to provide my consent as a condition of submitting my application.  