






bear left!  get your leftist bearings












bear left!
where else would you get your leftist bearings every week?
go to:   
link library || 
archives || 
privacy statement ||
mailing list || 
about us ||
k marx the spot ||
[bear left the band]
volume iii, number 17: 28 june 2003 (posted 9 july 2003. next issue expected in a week or so.)





our new weblog
for news and brief rants on a more quotidian basis, check out our brand new
weblog at k-marx.com.

*red diaper watch
tim's second child, 
leah, 
was born on 23 may.  she's growing like a weed and taking up lots of his time.
the next issue will be in one week or so, not in five.

this week's articles:
has america's chemistry changed?
paul corrigan
has something in america's chemistry changed?  do george w. bush and his 
administration represent our wants and aspirations?  do we not care that our 
president lies, cheats, and steals as long as he bullies the rest of the world 
and the weakest amongst us at home?
i hope not.
george w. bush does not dream my dreams.  bush has chosen to ensure that 
america's material prosperity, indeed the prosperity of the world, is something 
to be hoarded, not shared.   bush's tax cut plan is more than a windfall for 
the rich; it is a cynical strategy to force cuts in the most basic of social 
services.
faith-based political manipulation
paul corrigan
a majority of americans support president bush.  that support is faith-based, 
not fact-based.  if you believe that there is a supreme being in the heavens 
who created the universe and is keeping tabs on all of our deeds, i guess 
belief in bush is not so far-fetched.  for those of us with our feet and 
minds planted in reality, having faith in bush is just plain dumb.
[click on a title to read a particular article.]

last issue's articles:
another republican moral crusade rooted in politics
paul corrigan
is that ken starr playing governor of massachusetts?  no, it's mitt romney.
pardon me for confusing the latest republican moral crusader with the
infamous mr. starr.  governor romney is pursuing university of
massachusetts president bill bulger with the same zeal that starr pursued
united states president bill clinton.  in both cases, a republican has
unsuccessfully tried to oust from office a highly competent public
servant because the individual in question lacks, in the mindset of
that republican, the moral authority to hold public office.  behind the stated
motives are the clear objectives to take down successful democrats who have
thwarted republican political agendas.  the zeal of the pursuits is
surpassed only by the personal and political destruction left in their
wakes.  at least mitt was elected to the position from which he conducts
his witch-hunt.
upper class welfare
tim francis-wright
the rich are different than you and me: they get the government to do their 
bidding.  the latest tax cut proposals in the united states house and senate 
demonstrate just how different they are.  in the face of rising unemployment, 
a stagnant economy, and fiscal crises in dozens of states, the republican party 
has devised tax cut plans that show its true colors.  the centerpieces of its 
plans will do next to nothing to help the economy, but will amply reward the 
investor class, americans who live off their investments, to the detriment 
of anyone who has to work for a living.  radical tax cuts on dividend income 
are well nigh useless for their stated purposes, boosting the economy or creating 
jobs, but they serve the real purposes of the republican party very well.
[click on a title to read a particular article.]

older articles:
over two hundred articles from previous weeks reside in our archives. if you're not 
careful, you might learn something.

our mailing list
if you like, sign up for our mailing 
list to get an update in your mailbox when we update this site, generally once 
per week.  it's guaranteed to be more fun than spam.


copyright issues
all of our original material—almost everything on the bear-left.com
website— is now subject to a license from 
creative commons.  it lets anyone
copy or distribute our work for noncommercial purposes, with certain restrictions.
in other words, copy but don't steal.  click on the creative commons logo on
our of our pages for more information, including other types of licenses that are
available.

what's with the new look?
we have finally fixed the coding problem that was preventing the 
third column from showing with the proper alignment.  even better, we have
finally figured out how to put the weblog links on the left side
of this page but have that information be near the bottom of the page of
code.  (this template works best in mozilla 1.4, but it also works in 
internet explorer 5.5 and 6.0, and netscape 4.76.)





links of the week, er, month

dying for the government: the dead in iraq have died not for our country, but for our government (howard zinn, the progressive).
a philosophical inquiry into enron: to understand accounting, you have to understand ethnoaccountancy (donald mackenzie, the guardian).
calendar of errors: the search for weapons of mass destruction has truly been farcical (linda rothstein, bulletin of the atomic scientists).
downsizing in disguise: the occupation of iraq resembles the market-based "reconstruction" of economies in the 1980s and 1990s, only much, much worse (naomi klein, the nation).
us finds evidence of wmd at last—buried in a field in maryland: you might not have heard much about this biological weapons program (julian borger, the guardian).
a road map to where?: the road map for palestine is less a map for peace than for pacification (edward said, london review of books).
missing weapons of mass destruction: manipulation or misuse of national security intelligence data is an impeachable offense (john dean, findlaw).
us looks away as new ally tortures islamists: apparently, some brutal regimes are more palatable than others (nick paton walsh, the guardian).
poll suggests world hostile to us: respondents in 10 countries generally like the united states, but not its leaders, government, or policies (bbc news).
the first casualty: the bush administration kept americans from making an informed choice about going to war (john judis and spencer ackerman, the new republic).
gao cites risks in missile defense: immature technology and limited testing will probably doom the missile defense version of star wars episode two (bradley graham, washington post).
united states: an unfree press: deregulation has fostered not just media concentration but media complicity with right-wing politics and policies (serge halimi, le monde diplomatique).

links of previous weeks are in our voluminous archives.
check out our link library 
for news, opinion, and just plain interesting stuff!

fact of the week
in 2000, the 400 taxpayers with the highest adjusted gross incomes reported over
1 percent of all income reported to the irs
that year.  their average tax rate was 22.3 percent.  if the bush tax cuts
of 2002 and 2003 had been in effect, their tax rate would have declined
to 17.5 percent, with an average savings of $8.3 million.  these
taxpayers are the biggest beneficiaries of these tax cuts.  
to make the top 400 in 2000, a taxpayer needed taxable
income of $86.8 million.
sources:

new york times, 26 june 2003;
irs report,
june 2003.


presidential candidates: who's left?

(draft) wesley clark
howard dean
john kerry
dennis kucinich
(draft) warren buffett (scroll down)



our favorite links on the war in iraq

for breaking news, check out the agonist,
	which is updated constantly.
many of the weblogs in the far column are updated very frequently,
	especially eschaton, by the
	psuedonymous atrios.
red 
  pepper news on iraq.
no rush to 
  war: a collection of articles from the nation.
target: 
  iraq from global security.org.
iraq's 
  nuclear weapon programme from the international atomic energy agency.
new york 
  times op-ed ad signed by 33 international relations scholars (html version of the 
  ad).
stand down cross-ideological, 
  anti-war weblog.
alternative resources 
  on the us-iraq conflict: like it says, from the american library 
  association.
iraq war 
  debate: a huge collection of links from the university of michigan.
project on defense alternatives:
  analyses of iraq and afghanistan.
anti-war links:
	heaps of them, from the guardian.
united for peace: broad-based
	anti-war coalition.
inspections
	in iraq: a primer: some blasts from the past from the bulletin of the atomic
	scientists.
al-qaida 
	and iraq: how strong is the evidence?": it's not very strong at all (from
	the guardian).
claims and 
	evaluations of iraq's proscribed weapons: just the facts, and just about weaponry.
bin laden tape: text:
	the transcript of an al-jazeera broadcast, ostensibly of osama bin laden.
shaking hands with saddam hussein:
	tons of original documents, from the national security archive.
robin cook's resignation speech:
	robin cook explains his decision to resign from tony blair's cabinet.
more, alas, likely to come.

we have scads of links to 
articles and views about enron!
last enron update: 18 december 2002.


  




weblogs we like (and why)

k marx the spot:
more from the brain trust behind bear left.
the lefty directory:
a canonical list of left weblogs, with outliers.
the agonist:
up-to-the-minute (literally) weblog on war and foreign policy.
alas, a blog: 
politics, cartooning, and political cartooning. 
  altercation:
politics, culture, plus bruce springsteen.
bartcop:
anti-bush, anti-limbaugh, pro-tequila.
beyond corporate:
excellent weblog on work and social and corporate responsibility.
blogleft:
ambitious academic weblog on media and politics.
the bloviator:
super weblog on medicine, politics, and the politics of medicine.
body and soul:
deep and nuanced weblog on politics, religion, and culture.
bush watch:
daily compendium, all about the president per curiam.
counterspin:
prodigious left-leaning weblog on politics, the media, and the right.
cursor:
excellent coverage of politics, punditry, and whatnot.
the daily kos:
pithy and pointed takes on american elections and politics.
defensetech:
news on war, crime, and national security from a liberal viewpoint.
brad delong:
amazingly prodigious weblog on economics, politics, and culture.
eschaton:
excellent and constantly updated liberal take on politics.
the hamster:
combination weblog and soapbox, full of timely, sound analysis.
the hauser report:
useful links and cogent opinion on law, politics, and baseball.
ignatz:
great resource on labor law, law in general, and politics.
into the breach:
excellent weblog on politics, science, and religion.
the joe kenehan center:
super stuff on labor and american politics.
madelaine kane:
serious politics and highbrow humor.
dan kennedy:
straightforward and accurate takes on the media and politics.
liberal oasis:
daily of politics, plus a ton of good links and a humor column! 
like us, only better and more frequent.
limited, inc.:
discursive and intriguing essays on politics and whatnot.
maxspeak:
great weblog on economics and public policy, plus tons of links.
media views:
fair's links to current media criticism and media news.
media whores online:
no-holds-barred analysis of the american media.
mikhaela's news blog:
a doubly good political dose of writing and cartoons.
mydd:
truly indispensible site with heaps of data on american elections.
nathan newman:
informative and reflective weblog on technology, law, and public policy.
new pages weblog:
weblog on books, music, and the media and the forces that shape them.
noosphere blues:
especially good on culture and literature, plus analysis of media and politics.
the online gadfly:
incisive essays on environmental ethics and public policy.
orcinus:
more historical and cultural insight than most webloggers dream of.
pla:
insight, pith, and ire on politics, law, and autism.
political state report:
in-depth and timely analysis of politics from every state.
polygon, the dancing bear:
level-headed analysis of civics, history, and michigan politics.
john quiggin:
useful and learned weblog on economics and politics in australia and abroad.
the rittenhouse review:
where to go for insight, pith, good taste, plus more links than a suit of 
chain mail.
the road to surfdom:
a super weblog on american and australian politics and culture, and it looks great, too.
robot wisdom:
sure-fire source for great links (and pithy descriptions thereof) to all sorts 
of interesting news and opinions.
ruminate this:
lots of insight on politics and political activism.
seeing the forest:
looks at the issues, not just the horse races, in american politics.
the sideshow:
american politics (and other topics) as seen from britain.
skippy the bush kangaroo:
skippy eschews capitalization, but always has something smart and original.
smirking chimp:
10-15 daily articles from around the world about the president per curiam.
stand down:
cross-ideological weblog against an impending war with iraq.
summary opinions:
good source for links to liberal opinions from the current press.
talking points memo:
a washington insider tells it like it is.
talk left:
a huge amount of information on american politics and criminal justice.
tapped:
acronymic weblog of the american prospect.
tbogg:
prolific and often hilarious weblog on american politics and pundits.
thinking it through:
pithy observations on politics in missouri and the united states.
this modern world:
informative weblog of editorial cartoonist tom tomorrow.
through the looking glass:
charles dodgson's view of absurdities in politics and in life.
tomdispatch:
an in-depth view of foreign affairs, with an eye to new perspectives.
two tears in a bucket:
timely and informed writing on politics, in california and in general.
utne webwatch:
the utne reader's own weblog.
immanuel wallerstein:
twice-monthly commentaries on current events from a world-systems perspective.
the war in context:
left-leaning look at the "war on terrorism" and the middle east.

 
 
  
  

you can syndicate our articles and links of the week through our rss feed.
want to reprint a bear left! original work? write us and ask (we don't 
bite)!
"bear left! bear left!" / "right, frog!" (kermit and fozzie, the muppet 
movie)
© 2003, paul 
corrigan and tim 
francis-wright.  the 
creative commons license 
governs all original content on this website.


|


|


|




