


the music slut - we've moved to themusicslut.com!!










































*we've moved to themusicslut.com*
e-mail that brazen hussy!
faqs about the music slut
the music slut’s myspace




alexa rankingtechnorati ranking















web



themusicslut.com












your favorite features:manic mp3 monday8 questions withthe world of...concert reviews
slutstars:the physics of meaningcassettes won't listenunicycle loves youdrink up buttercupthe silent yearsband of yorka brief smilethe glassthe moodthe lispsexit clovian lovelocksleyo'deathchairliftmussels

blogs of note:
after the jump
the television slut
accused of stealing
international
the modern age
stereogum
the plugg
idolator
spinner
loveless
fluxblog
six eyes
arjan writes
badical beats
the vinyl district
largehearted boy
the hype machine
sit down stand up
said the gramophone
britain
popjustice
karinski.net
the line of best fit
nothing but green lights
scandanavia
hits in the car
southern europe
indie for bunnies
neat and polite
central america
golfo. this modern blog
deaf indie elephants
new york
jinners
earfarm
subinev
ryspace
disconap
punk photo
music is art
sound bites
bumpershine
central village
music snobbery
brooklyn vegan
yeti don't dance
heart on a stick
merry swankster
brooklyn ski club
music is free now
the culture of me
the battering room
soft communication
tastes like caramel
fiddle while you burn
qbertplaya's gigoblog
stories in high fidelity
pop tarts suck toasted
boston
hardcorbeau
l.a.
torr
floating away
the rawking refuses to stop
southern & midwestern usa
my old kentucky blog
cannibal cheerleader
you ain't no picasso
artist blogs
brad walsh
birdmonster
the glass

god-like online radio:
woxykexp
feeds:
atom.xml
rss site


enroll in our mailing list:
 










***tickco has bon jovi tickets, the police tickets, van halen tickets, barry manilow tickets and several of your other favorite concerts to choose from.***







the music slut encourages all you lovely people to go out and buy records. that's why we post music here: it's because we want you to hear the songs that are making our day, and want you to support our fave acts so that they can keep making music. if you like it, buy it - don't let the artists go hungry! let us know if you're a copyright holder who's pissed at us for posting a song - we will kindly remove it asap!



are you interested in advertising on the music slut? if so, e-mail us for a price list.

click the logo for information about the atj advertising network! 


27.10.08



                      	 
                      	 we've moved to themusicslut.com!
	                       
                          

check it out here!new feed!xoxosluts

posted by m | 7:30 am
       |
         6 comments
 




26.10.08



                      	 
                      	 contest: diplo prize pack
	                       
                          

one lucky winner will receive two tickets for his upcoming philly gig (november 14th @ starlight ballroom). he or she will also be the recipient of a limited edition mad decent hardshell case (designed by j. chabot for a 15" macbook).e-mail us for a chance to snag both prizes!a victor will be randomly chosen on 11/1.view all dates on diplo's fall trek here.visit diplo on myspace.mp3: radiohead - reckoner (diplo mix)labels: contest, diplo

posted by m | 4:05 pm
       |
         3 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 8 questions with: tally hall
	                       
                          

following friday's rousing set at rehab, the michigan based quintet dropped by the rugby store, where jen got a chance to chat with ross f. (percussionist) about a variety of topics.1. what have you learned from being in the business?also, can you offer any advice to bands starting out?it's really easy to get lost if you're caught up in too much of the "business" of everything. however, it's important to consider that of course, and to do everything you can to be active in promoting yourself and your music. the toughest part seems to be that the nature of the industry is such that things are always changing around, and the right move to make one month may be the wrong one the next. at that point, you need to just trust in the music you're making, and do what you really want to do. and if you succeed in that, the rest should fall into place.2. how important is it for a band to come & play conferences like cmj & sxsw?any opportunity to join in with your peers and perform, watch shows, converse, etc. it always a good. and there's no denying the fact that there are fun times to be had as well. 3. you were invited to play lollapalooza this year which must have been amazing.what is it like playing a festival that large?it was certainly different than any other festivals we had played before. i was most impressed with how well coordinated everything was, and how well the festival was run in general. and of course it offered the opportunity to play for thousands of people who were all there because they wanted to spend their entire day enjoying music. i personally had a blast, got to talk to some artists that have been huge inspirations!4. you recently made the move from ann arbor to new york. how are you finding it?so far it has quickly become a very comfortable and exciting place to live and work on music. we found a great practice space that we enjoy spending time in and enjoy writing in, and what more could you ask for while embarking on your next album.5. i've heard that you're currently writing your 2nd album. how is that going?so far so good. i am confident that we will have a proud collection of songs to present.6. rugby likes to highlight different social action causes.do you have any special interest in a certain charity or cause?it being almost election time, i should say i am always supportive of any organizations, bipartisan or otherwise, that move people to vote. it's tough sometimes when the electoral college system makes your vote seem meaningless, but everyone really should be making their voice heard. our entire system of government is based on that fundamental principal, and we can't let laziness or apathy towards politics take anything away from that.7. tell me about your colors (each member has a different trademark tie which they wear at all gigs and in all press shots), how did that come about? do you think it is important for a band to have a specific look?the colors came up as a way to set ourselves apart from all of the other bands playing around campus. the idea of doing a little branding can go a long way in making your presence known. i don't necessarily think it's important that bands have a specific look, but something that people can refer to and say: "oh, it's the band that does this this this, or wears that". it can really help how well they remember you.8. what was the highlight of cmj 2008 for you?for me it's really been the fact that so many of our friends our in town, be it bands or otherwise. it's nice that there was a reason for everyone to come in town the same weekend and play music together.visit tally hall on myspace.mp3: tally hall - good daylabels: 8 questions with, tally hall

posted by m | 10:50 am
       |
         1 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 cmj 2008: matt's best of day 5
	                       
                          

 sharon van etten (myspace/mp3) the muggabears (myspace/mp3) pwrfl power (myspace/mp3) hayes peebles (myspace/mp3) the depreciation guild (myspace/mp3)labels: cmj, depreciation guild, hayes peebles, muggabears, pwrfl power, sharon van etten

posted by m | 12:00 am
       |
         0 comments
 




25.10.08



                      	 
                      	 cmj 2008: matt's best of day 4
	                       
                          

 school of seven bells (myspace/mp3) tally hall (myspace/mp3) the seabellies (myspace) the noisettes (myspace/mp3)labels: cmj, school of seven bells, tally hall, the noisettes, the seabellies

posted by m | 8:55 am
       |
         0 comments
 




24.10.08



                      	 
                      	 atj's cmj 2008 unofficial showcase: new venue!
	                       
                          

tomorrow's impending t storms have caused us to relocate to... market hotel (1142 myrtle avenue)!the fabulous bill includes:fight bitehigh placesthe homosexualswomenbearsuitmiles benjamin anthony robinsonpassion pitthe ruby sunscrystal stiltsthe party begins at noon (and ends at seven).we can't wait to close out cmj '08 with y'all!*this event has been canceled!*mp3: passion pit - sleepyheadlabels: after the jump, cmj

posted by m | 10:30 pm
       |
         0 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 cmj 2008: matt's best of day 3 (part 2)
	                       
                          

 shad (myspace/mp3) white lies (myspace/mp3) wye oak (myspace/mp3) sharon van etten (myspace/mp3) sebastien grainger (myspace/mp3)labels: cmj, sebastien grainger, shad, sharon van etten, white lies, wye oak

posted by m | 8:45 am
       |
         0 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 cmj 2008: matt's best of day 3 (part 1)
	                       
                          

 bearsuit (myspace) japanese motors (myspace/mp3) friendly fires (myspace/mp3) bridges & powerlines (myspace/mp3) phosphorescent (myspace/mp3)labels: bearsuit, bridges and powerlines, cmj, friendly fires, japanese motors, phosphorescent

posted by m | 1:05 am
       |
         0 comments
 




23.10.08



                      	 
                      	 cmj 2008 day 2: matt's discoveries
	                       
                          

motel motel (myspace)the muslims (myspace/mp3)starfucker (myspace/mp3)the depreciation guild (myspace/mp3)the beets (myspace)labels: cmj, depreciation guild, motel motel, starfucker, the beets, the muslims

posted by m | 10:00 am
       |
         0 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 the gay blades record daytrotter session
	                       
                          

their recent set featured:o shotdog day afternoonmean musespuppy mills presentsdownload each & every track here.visit the gay blades on myspace.mp3: the gay blades - plastic jesuslabels: daytrotter, the gay blades

posted by m | 9:30 am
       |
         0 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 keane visits jools holland
	                       
                          

enjoy last night's wonderful take on 'the lovers are losing' in the clip below.mp3: keane - somewhere only we knowlabels: jools holland, keane, video, youtube

posted by m | 9:00 am
       |
         1 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 the ny times reviews the music slut's cmj 2008 showcase
	                       
                          

other blog curated parties discussed include:-pop tarts suck toasted-brooklyn vegan-stereogumread the full feature here.mp3: pattern is movement - right awaylabels: music slut party, new york times

posted by m | 8:15 am
       |
         0 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 nous non plus announces new lp
	                       
                          

brace yourself for menagerie!the set will see daylight on february 3rd.it'll include a fabulous unicorns cover (at bottom).official cover art to your right.visit nous non plus on myspace.mp3: nous non plus - fantome durlabels: nous non plus

posted by m | 8:10 am
       |
         0 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 cmj 2008 day 2: matt's old faves
	                       
                          

the lisps (myspace/mp3)drink up buttercup (myspace/mp3)unicycle loves you (myspace/mp3)chairlift (myspace/mp3)that fleeting world (myspace)labels: chairlift, cmj, drink up buttercup, that fleeting world, the lisps, unicycle loves you

posted by m | 12:45 am
       |
         0 comments
 




22.10.08



                      	 
                      	 lykke li @ bowery (cmj): look for the swing
	                       
                          

absolutely magnetic! fave tms track of the evening: 'breaking it up'. photos below.mp3: lykke li - i'm good i'm gone (metronomy mix)labels: bowery ballroom, cmj, concert review, lykke li

posted by m | 9:40 am
       |
         0 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 bloc party visits jools holland
	                       
                          

enjoy last night's glorious take on 'mercury' in the clip below. mp3 at bottom.mp3: bloc party - i still remember (remix)labels: bloc party, jools holland, video, youtube

posted by m | 9:15 am
       |
         0 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 gentleman auction house records woxy lounge session
	                       
                          

monday's set featured:you and me, madly...call it casuali sleep in a bed of scissor armsthe book of matcheswe used to dream about bridgeslearn more about gah here.mp3: gentleman auction house - live on woxylabels: gentleman auction house, woxy

posted by m | 8:50 am
       |
         0 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 the verve debuts new video
	                       
                          

enjoy 'rather be' below. download a classic verve selection at bottom of post.mp3: the verve - bitter sweet symphonylabels: the verve, video, youtube

posted by m | 8:45 am
       |
         0 comments
 







                      	 
                      	 friendly fires @ bowery (cmj): twist & shout
	                       
                          

another phenomenal set from uk based trio. visit friendly fires on myspace. photos below.mp3: friendly fires - jump in the poollabels: bowery ballroom, cmj, concert review, friendly fires

posted by m | 8:25 am
       |
         0 comments
 




21.10.08



                      	 
                      	 the music slut's cmj 2008 showcase: upstairs pictorial
	                       
                          

pwrfl power, lissy trullie, said the whale, emmy the great, shackeltons & holy moly.mp3: pwrfl power - it's okaylabels: cmj, emmy the great, holy moly, lissy trullie, pwrfl power, said the whale, the shackeltons

posted by m | 8:00 pm
       |
         1 comments
 








copyright 2008: we got here first










 


