



windows download shareware & freeware software - totalshareware









123 movies



























              
            
home page 
                 
			new software 
			 
			developer control panel 
			 
			search 
			 
			advertise 
			 
			links  
			 
			aboutus



 guest connected:
38898
 
            bookmark us
                 
			 
			contact us
                 








currently listed:
245,137
applications




























windowsmacmobileunixother

















 
												business
                                             
												accounting, financial, stock, managment, more...









 
												desktop management
                                             
												themes, wallpaper, cursor, screen saver, manage, more...









 
												developer tools
                                             
												visual basic, c++, java, delphi, graphics, more...









 
												drivers
                                             
												sound card & multimedia, motherboard, video & graphic cards, more...









 
												education
                                             
												science, music, teacher's tools, language, more...









 
												family
                                             
												astrology, religion, sports, child care, health and fitness , more...









 
												games
                                             
												arcade, simul., 3d action, arcade, casino, card, sports, more...









 
												information management tools
                                             
												calendar, reminder, personal info, information database, more...









 
												internet and network tools
                                             
												browser, e-mail, accelerat., server, net manag., monitoring, more...









 
												linux
                                             
												kde, archivers, development, x11, more...









 
												multimedia and graphics tools
                                             
												mp3, video/animation, midi, wave, more...









 
												productivity tools
                                             
												office, database, calculator, calendar, fax, pims, more...









 
												utilities
                                             
												anti-virus, autom., compr., disk, file, uninstaller, system, more...









 
												video
                                             
												video capture, video editors, codec, recording, more...









 
												web development
                                             
												cgi, html editor, site map, e-commerce, promotion, more...









 
												windows ce
                                             
												games, authoring, network& internet, desktop, more ...





 





                                            
                                             pinochle
                                             
                                        -
                                             
                                        version
                                             
                                        2.0.9











pinochle is an exciting and challenging game of cardsvery popular in the u.s. this is the two handed versionof the game in which you play and intellegent robot. ifyou enjoy playing rummy or whist you will lovepinochle. excellent help file for those not familiarwith the game. at the same time the bot should prove areasonable challenge to those who have playedbefore.with good graphics, the ability to change thespeed of play and the target score pinochle isguaranteed to give the player many hours of enjoyment.statistics are kept of games won and lost so you cansee how your game is coming along.






                                         









38898 
        








