





shiloh spiritual center, inc.









 

 
		phone (904)615-4953 email 
 



home
services
donations
news
products
press
shereesilverphd.com

 

 
 
spiritual, mental, physical, and emotional healing
ssc is a 
			501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to and focused on the 
			spiritual, mental, physical and emotional healing of humanity. hypnosis:

hypnosis -- available in person or over the phone. dr. silver has over 22 years experience as a certified hypnotherapist. she has helped individuals quit destructive habits and addictions. hypnosis is a proven treatment to help get rid of fears, improve memory, and improve mental and physical health.
 other services:

psychic readings -- gain insight into your current life situations and the people in them. dr. silver will discuss your direction as you look ahead into the future, as well.
medium readings -- dr. silver will connect with your loved ones on the other side to bring clarity, closure and peace of mind to everyone.
dream analysis -- dr. silver will look at your dreams, and help you understand them and how they can guide you in your life.
numerology -- with the use of numerology, dr. silver will help you will gain insight into your purpose, your life direction, your relationships, and the cycles you go on each year.
past life regressions -- available in person only, dr. silver can take you through a past life regression.
weddings, parties, lectures, workshops
 see 			www.staugustinepsychic.com to read testimonials from dr. 
			silver's clients. 
 

 
 dr. sheree silver has helped adults and children since 1986. she has appeared on national and international tv and national 
			and satellite 
			radio shows speaking on a variety of new age topics. 
 
  
 
 


home | 
		contact |
		volunteer  |
		shereesilverphd.com 
		| news |
		press | 
		products 
		|
		services |
		donations |
		privacy
copyright â© 2001-2009 shiloh spiritual center, inc. all rights reserved.
join us on youtube - subscribe to our
						youtube channel to view a selection of events that showcase a 
			new dawn in metaphysical thinking and ideas.
 



