


tattoo studio












menu


home
facebook
twitter






 


tattoos by rick
all tattoo appointments and consultations by appointment only. you must be 18 years of age to be tattooed.
phone: 920-499-7425
email: rick@tattoosbyrick.com
834 s military ave
green bay, wisconsin







about us
tattoos by rick is a leading proponent of tattooing regulations in wisconsin. rick harnowski was the engineer behind the rules and regulations established in the tattooing industry within the city of green bay and the state of wisconsin. with over 48 years of tattooing experience, rick's studio is green bay's best licensed and inspected tattoo studio. he uses autoclave sterilizing techniques. all instruments and other products that are used on each person are properly disposed of and replaced after every tattoo. you will be provided with the first aid ointment and instructions on the proper care of your new tattoo.
tattoos by rick specializes in custom tattoo work, including color, black and grey, portraits, cover ups, scar coverups, fix ups and restorations.


 
photo gallery











artists






rick harnowski
rick immigrated from poland in 1963 at the age of 11. he has been an artist since he was old enough to pick up a pencil. he started tattooing at the age of 16 and has now been tattooing for 48 years. he opened his first professional tattoo studio in 1980, the same year he was married to his wife. they have been married for 36 years old and have 3 children. 






josh harnowski
josh began tattooing with rick at the age of seventeen. always being interested in art his entire life, he attend art school at st. norbert college. josh graduated with a bachelor of arts in 2006 and continued working side by side at the studio with his dad. he married his high school sweetheart in 2008 and now has three children with the fourth on the way. 










rick's 15th international tattoo convention
february 10th-12th 2017
the return of green bay
international tattoo show featuring the top artists from around the world.

eternal tattoo supply
gill montie
marshall bennet
ray youngman
jeremy youngman
judy parker
mary skiver
scot winskye
fred fields
chad sinkhorn
bernard soufflet
larry brogan
tony olivas
chris may
cap szminski
dennis pase
ron meyers
megan hoogland
kelly bunde
shahn anderson
redwood russel
karen roze
ken roper
rich vader cseri
chris gospodarek
stephen jones
paul dhuey
espi
chris may
spike-o-matic tattoo
rise & shine enterprises
peter kugel
ahren bloomquist
jim stevens
kay davis
ron meyers
travis chavez
garrett meyers
jim francis
lisa priewe
marshall rathburn
ryan willard
jon bass
kyle walker
jacqueline beach
drew hill
chris owen
josh kirkpatrick
dan pemble
marco bratt

tattoo contests

friday - best of the day
saturday- judging begins at 1pm
black and grey small
black and grey medium
black and grey large
color small
color medium
color large
best overall
best of the day
sunday - judging begins at 1pm
cover up (with photo)
portrait (with photo)
traditional
sleeve (arm or leg)
chest piece
back piece
best of show (tattoo done at the convention)

radisson hotel & conference center
2040 airport drive, green bay, wi 54304
hotel reservations: (920) 494-7300
the radisson has setup a special package for us!
package includes:

overnight accommodations
breakfast for two
two one day pass to tattoo convention

each guest in room who is a players club member, over 21 years of age and with a valid photo id, can receive the 25 points for $25 casino coupon. plus, new members receive $10 free play.
**credit card required upon check-in**
click here to make a reservation: http://www.radisson.com/tattoo
for more information & booth registration visit:
tattoos by rick on facebook
or call (920) 499-7425 (rick)
skin illustrations inc. tattoos by rick














contact us




834 s military avenue, green bay, wi 54304
phone: (920) 499-7425 (rick)

e-mail: rick@tattoosbyrick.com


 




contact form

your name:  your email:  your message: 






