


	chartered institute of fundraising - home






















































menu




search for:






join us








                membership
            



membership


corporate membership
individual membership
organisational membership






                career development
            



career development


the chartering hub
fundraising convention 2025
career in fundraising
fundraising stories
competency framework
fundraising jobs
events
qualifications
training
book a qualification, training course, or an event






                guidance & resources
            



guidance & resources


the knowledge hub
the careers collection
the ai and fundraising collection
the fundraising leaders' collection
the small charities' collection
new and popular guidance and resources
search all our guidance and resources
directories of consultants and suppliers
compliance
strategic partners






                about us
            



about us


creating a safe environment for fundraisers
our team
our work in the nations
regional & special interest groups
volunteer with us
what we're doing
latest news
work for us
contact us





account



standard content

a lifetime of impact, a career in fundraising.

    #proudfundraiser   
we are the chartered institute of fundraising, the membership body for uk fundraising. we are a charity representing and championing the work of individual fundraisers, charities, and their partners. we believe fundraising can be the most rewarding of careers, full of contribution and achievement.

latest news

member survey
your opinion on what membership means to you is really important to us. our member survey is now live and we’d love to hear your feedback on how to make membership better, what parts of your membership you find most valuable, how we can support you, and more.
please fill in the survey which has been emailed to you, it only takes a few minutes to do and your input really does help to shape membership. you can even enter a prize draw to win a £50 amazon voucher at the end!
the survey closes on friday 14 february. 
if you have not received your member email with the survey link please contact membership@ciof.org.uk.




regional and special interest conferences

				check out our events happening throughout the country
			
latest events



become a member

join the chartered institute of fundraising and become part of an active community of fundraising all across the uk. we are here to support you throughout your career.




membership types

				find the type that's right for you.
			
discover more



career development

we are proud to support fundraisers at all stages of their career, from entry level to director roles. we provide world-leading professional development opportunities to continuously enhance knowledge, skills and behavioural capability in the charity sector. we also support fundraisers to find their next step on the career ladder with our jobs board.




learning opportunities

				take a look at our qualifications, training, events and resources.
			
book a course



what we're doing



growing giving hub

					find the latest fundraising insight and data on how to grow giving
				




creating a safe environment for fundraisers

					this page has the latest updates on how the chartered institute is creating a safe environment for fundraisers.
				




remember a charity 

					the remember a charity fundraising campaign represents 200 uk charities and works closely with partners in the legal sector, government and private sector to raise awareness of gifts in wills.
				




small charities

					bringing together fundraising guides, resources and training opportunities specifically for small charities and community groups. 
				




national fundraising awards

					a platform to showcase the hard work, dedication and innovation of fundraisers.
				




fundraising convention 

					bringing the fundraising community together.
				



talk to spot
raise an issue, submit feedback, or register a complaint anonymously at any time through our confidential reporting tool.

fundraising stories


mervi slade, product & programme manager for payroll giving, cancer research uk

resource






paul morgan, director of fundraising & communications, naomi house & jacksplace

resource





members only content
















head officechartered institute of fundraising, canopi, 82 tanner street, london se1 3gn


office hours9am to 5pm, monday to friday


general enquiries+44(0)20 7150 0439
email address:info@ciof.org.uk






accessibility


complaints


contact


cookies


privacy policy


terms & conditions







                © 2025 chartered institute of fundraising, all rights reserved
                the chartered institute of fundraising is incorporated by royal charter (rc000910) and is a charityregistered in england and wales (1188764) and scotland (sc050060)vat number 547 8930 96
            





our use of cookies
we use necessary cookies to make our website work. we would also like to set optional cookies to help us improve your experience and the communications you receive. we will not set optional cookies unless you enable them. the website will use cookies to remember your cookies choices.
for more detailed information about the cookies we use, see our cookies page.
necessary cookies 
necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. you may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.



website usage 
we'd like to set google analytics cookies to help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. the cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone. we’d also like to set dotdigital website behaviour cookies to improve the email communications you receive from us by collecting information on the content you view on our website.



disabled



enabled




save and close







