








sedona psychic accurate readings by nirup













































 


skip to content






loading...







accurate psychic readings
by nirup 



answers • insights • solutions
928.300.8338 















 












 


search for:








home

contact

about nirup



nirup biographynirup’s spiritual blogtestimonialsmetaphysical termsnirup’s videossedonaproducts for personal & spiritual developmentfaq’sresources and spiritual linksservices / prices



services & pricesproducts for personal & spiritual developmentpsychic reading



psychic readingsphone readingsin person readingsemail readingspsychic mediumpast life readingsaura and chakra readingtarot readingsspirit guidesastrologyspiritual



intuitive spiritual counselingsoul readingpast life regressionspiritual guidesspiritual mentoringsedona reiki healing/ chakra reading and balancingemail reading



email psychic readingsemail reading payment formtraining



workshops and seminarsawaken your inner psychicpsychic training sedonameditationwomen’s spiritual retreatpsychic classes in sedonapsychic home study courseproducts

review us on google








search for:











 







homenirup barnum2025-02-15t18:32:28+00:00

sedona psychic, intuitive spiritual coach, teacher – nirup 
psychic/intuitive/clairvoyant spiritual life coach relationship advice and healing emotional healing and clearing
spiritual mentoring/ meditation/self growth psychic / intuitive and spiritual development 
specializing in developing your intuition, making better decisions and knowing your next steps in life.streaming courses online, virtual zoom group classes and courses.
sessions by appointment. phone, face time, zoom 
awakening the other you training, psychic, intuitive, spiritual development
 streaming training access to membership area.or hard copy manual, dvd’s, cd’s, study guideregular price $375. – special price $150. limited supply
 to order: please contact nirup through contact page or call 928-300-8338


  



nirup’s 33 years experience as a professional psychic provides insight and guidance, as well as self empowerment and spiritual awakening in the sedona area. her seven years of study in india and further studies in usa and canada, allows her to share techniques and tools with her clients. as well as educate and provide varies types of sessions. 

 

sedona az 86336928-300-8338


psychic nirup – would you like to know:







 what is my next step in life? what career path is right for me? am i in the right relationship?how can i clear fears, blocks & beliefs? how do i develop my intuition/psychic abilities? what is my life’s purpose? who are my spirit guides?are you interested in self-growth?how do i grow spiritually?learn steps to finding inner peace.


call me now, i am here to help guide you and find answers.


thank you for taking the time to visit my site, as a psychic reader, spiritual and intuitive counselor living in sedona 25 years. i have provided guidance and healing to thousands of my clients providing answers and direction in a positive way.


it has been said by many, my gentle and psychic way of seeing things is remarkable. i am recognized and appreciated by my clients for my healing and empathic way of working, and for my accuracy in my psychic and intuitive readings.


i have a unique gift of being able to see into your energies on many levels, of the mental, emotional, spiritual and physical, to see things about you that you yourself are not aware of.  this allows me to guide you on your life’s path in many positive ways, as well as releasing and letting of any old beliefs, fears, and patterns, using techniques i developed over the years to help you accomplish this in as little as one session.



“nirup tuned into my energies straight away. she is truly a remarkable psychic, clairvoyant counselor. i look forward to another psychic reading with her in the future.” l. b., phoenix, az




“i began seeing nirup for psychic advice and intuitive guidance over 5 years ago, she has been an inspiration in my life as well as a spiritual mentor.” d.p.,  sedona az




“nirup was amazing, she is truly a real psychic, with special gifts. she told me things about my soul’s path, and what my life’s purpose is, this helped me to understand myself, and to make a decision to take new steps in my life. i was very surprised that she was able to tell me things about my children even though they were not with me. all she asked for was a name and birthdate. i look forward to more readings with nirup.” l.c. ohio




i appreciate your psychic gifts and healing energy. both times i have talked with you i have felt so thankful for our time together. thank you again for talking with me and providing me with your expertise!!” d.c. sedona az




“i recently enjoyed a psychic phone reading with nirup. she gave me clarity and direction regarding my present career and what career path was right for me.  i have had a number of psychic reading over the past 2 years and found nirup to be the most accurate and helpful in guiding me to know my next steps in life. throughout my reading she continued to provide much insight which helped relieve my anxiety.” a.b., canada


contact nirup or email-include ph.#


928-300-8338


nirup — an internationally known psychic, for the past 33 years has been bringing guidance and clarity to clients from all over the world.



visit other sites of nirupsedonasacredlight.comawakeningtheotheryou.comintuitioninnerknower.com
 




newsletter & free psychic coursepodcast on itunes 

trip advisor reviews 








prof. membership associations 
position: member, past president 
smsa - is an affinity group, of the sedona chamber of commerce.







creating the right relationship buttonwatch my video  
nirup services video

intuition inner knower training

featured products 
psychic & spiritual course  home study  click here to buy or learn more.

intuitive development course home study click here to buy or learn more.
nirup's spiritual bloghow to find the right sedona psychicjanuary 14, 2021developing your psychic clairsentience abilityjuly 30, 2020stuck with self limiting beliefsjuly 7, 2020what career path is right for me?june 9, 20175 signs you are with the wrong psychicmarch 28, 2017article categoriesalternative healing / health / natural healing / healersastrology / numerologycareer & money counseling / life coachingfortune tellingintuitionmeditation / stress management / chantingmedium / mediumshipmiscellaneousnirup's spiritual blogpast life reading / past life regression / reincarnationpsychic / esp / tarot / paranormalpsychic mini courserelationships / relationship counseling / love / heartreligion / christian / jewish / kabbalah / buddhismsedona sacred sites / vortexes / attractionsspiritual & personal enrichment / intuition / clairvoyant readingswomen's retreats 

 
 





homecontactprivacy policyterms and conditonsabout nirup 

 
 
 





		all content © 1999 - 2018 psychic nirup. all rights reserved.	



 
 
 
 
 
 

page load link















































































go to top




