













pacific bulb society


























					welcome to pbs forum.
				



log in





sign up




 
				
entire forum 








pbs forum








february 16, 2025, 11:27:57 am




main menu




main menu
								




home




forum




search














pbs forum










current exchanges
us pop-up bx 499 and request for donations;    us bx 498 closed;    









pbs functions


  
			news
  
			 
			current promotion
  
			 
			pbs on instagram 
  
			member services
  
			 
			membership and payments
  
			 
			bulb garden newsletter
  
			 
			bulb exchanges
    
			 
			bx/sx payments
    
			 
			bx history
    
			 
			eu-exchange
      
			 
			ex history
  
			 
			pbs forum
  
			knowledge base
  
			 
			pbs wiki
    
			 
			photos & info
  
			 
			pbs list archive
  
			 
			pbs youtube channel
  
			 
			pbs inaturalist project
  
			about pbs
  
			 
			legal status
  
			 
			msi grant
  
			 
			board members
  
			 
			bylaws
  
			 
			contact us




do you know...

 albuca schoenlandii ?


















welcome


the pacific bulb society (pbs) was organized in spring 2002 as a non-profit organization for the benefit of people who
garden with bulbs. this includes both cold hardy and tender bulbs, and all the bulbs in between.
by "garden with" we also mean to include plants, shrubs, and even trees that we grow as
companions to our bulbs. membership in pbs is open to bulb lovers around the world. we
welcome all to come forward to join us in the celebration of bulbs and in mastering the challenge of
gardening with bulbs. our emphasis is on successfully growing bulbs in our yards and gardens
and in sharing our successes, and our failures too, with our fellow members. through that sharing,
we will all learn to be better bulb gardeners.
 
members get a quarterly printed newsletter, the bulb garden, with informative articles illustrated in color and a directory of members every other year. they can participate in the bulb and
seed exchange and purchase bulbs or seeds of unusual species, rarely available in commerce,
for low cost. see the page  bulb exchange on this website for details
of this popular feature. the bulb exchange is available only to paying members, and the
list of available items is announced in the forum.
 
membership costs us $25 per year for us members and us $30 per year for members in other
countries. click here to join the society.
 
the pacific bulb society runs a comunity forum. it is free to
join. anyone around the world who is interested in learning more about bulbs (and corms,
tubers, and other geophytes, plants with underground storage organs) is very welcome.
you do not have to be a paying pbs member to be on the forum. if you are a paying pbs
member, you should subscribe to the forum to get announcements of items available through the bulb
and seed exchange. click here to register to the forum to be able to see photos and to participate yourself.
 
the pbs maintains the pacific bulb society wiki, an ever-expanding educational resource on
this website. on the wiki there are pictures of plants photographed by our members in their
gardens and in nature. there is also a lot of helpful information.
 
if you have any questions, you can click here  to contact the person who can help you.
 
for a list of vendors and other sources of bulbs and seeds recommended by our members, see sources.























tinyportal | help | terms and rules | go up ▲
smf 2.1.4 © 2023, simple machines, tinyportal 2.2.2 © 2005-2022





