

confederate states of america currency - collection and sales
















 
 
welcome to csa notes, established in 2001, where we buy and sell genuine confederate and states notes from the civil war era. 






  after the civil war broke out in 1861, the newly established confederate 
              government began to issue its own money as legal tender to the 
              citizens of the south. the 1st note from the government 
              of the confederate states of america was issued in april of 1861. 
              notes were issued for the next three years, ending in 1864. a total of 70 different types were issued into circulation.
almost every confederate note was painstakingly hand signed and numbered. these notes were printed on large sheets and then cut apart by hand.  it is not uncommon 
              for these notes to have uneven margins, as getting these notes into circulation was more important than making sure each note had an accurate cut.  
counterfeiting became a major problem 
              for the south. the north played a big role in this action by printing 
              counterfeit notes and distributing them in the south causing massive 
              inflation. 
when the civil war was over, the southern infrastructure was in disarray.  the southern banks had no money to loan, and the price of cotton fell drastically.  confederate notes had no value at all.  the us never recognized the confederate states of america as a legitimate government, so the money, stocks, and bonds that were printed by the confederacy had no value, and could not be transferred into us funds.  anyone who had invested in the confederate government, with notes, bonds, or stocks, lost the value of what they had invested.  
today, the value of these notes is 
              far from worthless. their prices range from under one hundred dollars 
              for the most common and heavily printed series, to the tens of thousands 
              for the rarest. most of the heavily printed issues are still readily available 
              to some extent, while the rarer issues are tightly held by collectors, and don't surface that often. one thing is certain though, quality confederate notes have shown to steadily increase in value over the years, and make a good investment. 
as collectors and dealers of confederate and obsolete currency, 
              we view these notes as a glimpse into a fascinating part of our nation's 
              history. our desire to collect began when we realized the great opportunity 
              to own currency that was once used by soldiers and civilians alike 
              during that tragic war.
 take a look through our site to find 
              many examples of confederate and states notes available for purchase. whether 
              you are an experienced collector, or just looking to obtain your 
              first piece of paper money history, we are sure you will find something 
              of interest.  right now is a great time to acquire your first note, or add more notes to your collection.  thanks for visiting.


 


 
front 
 
 
back 


 
"women of the south" featuring lucy pickens, 
              the wife of francis w. pickens who 
              was governor of south carolina 1860-1862. confederate cabinet member 
              
              george randolph rightside. two confederate soldiers at lower left.


 
 
you are the  to visit csa 
          notes -- welcome! 



 


 


 


 


 


 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 
 


csa notes       copyright 
        © 2001 - 2023      all rights reserved









