






comparative rater and insurance forms | ccicomputer services, inc.



























































 

 











ccionline login

ccirater

ccirater desktop
agency web rater
available carriers
get free demo


cciforms

cciforms online
cciforms desktop
get free demo


support

remote support
file transfer portal
desktop help files

cciforms desktop
ccirater desktop


download ccirater


pay online

make a payment
auto pay signup


about us

our story
contact us


menu 






 ► policy forms ► policy management ► comparative rating ► dedicated supportwhen you choose cci,you're not just getting a program.you're getting a partner.












try ccirater or cciforms free for 14 days.
try any product right now with no obligation.





			free demo		





 simply better agency management

 

 
 
 
 save time 
intuitive and easy to use, our software offers a great user experience which means less time spent on input and more time spent on sales. try now 

 

 
 
 
 increase sales 
tools you need to get and keep business, like fast and accurate quoting, custom letter generator, and extensive reports. try now 

 

 
 
 
 get results 
with the included online agency rater, your customers can shop the carriers you represent on your website from their home computer or mobile device. try now 

 accurate, fast, complete
built for the independent agent and packed with features, ccirater and cciforms are the best choice for agency automation.

 ccirater features


policy management
comparative rating
multiple lines of business
direct bill and premium finance
motor vehicle reports
carrier credit scores
iso symbol lookup
vin verification
letter generator
extensive reports


learn more

 cciforms features


agency management
all nationwide forms
all state specific forms
certificates of insurance
self-serve certificates
print, email or download forms
inter-office communication
task calendar
mobile companion app
extensive reports


learn more

 your satisfaction is our top priority
our goal is 100% satisfaction in the products we offer and support we provide.


 since 1983 ccicomputer services, inc. has been providing comparative rating and policy management solutions to independent insurance agents across the gulf south and the nation. we pioneered computer-based comparative rating and were the first to offer a comprehensive all-in-one solution for rating and policy management.
for over three decades our commitment to providing quality agency products at an affordable price has made us a leader in the field. easy to use and intuitive, ccirater sets the mark for agency management software. we help independent agents navigate the challenging and competitive environment in which they operate.





 






ccicomputer services, inc. 190 belle terre blvd #1749
laplace la 70069
(800)-899-2831
fax: (504) 684-8663
ccirater@ccirater.com

products/features 
agency web rater
available rating carriers
cciforms online
ccirater desktop
product support
test drive

support 
auto pay signup
contact us
file transfer
help files
pay my bill
remote support

 

















