








collectable bayonets for sale. 















welcome to 
dennis d. ottobre's 
(just call me otto) 
militaria web site
specializing in collectable bayonets

mastercard
and visa accepted directly and preferred! 
last updated on 3dec24
if you'd like to join my mailing list please email me your
request at otto@ebayonet.com
to be added to my mailing list please include your name and
address with your request.  why?  because at some point you'll ask me
to estimate shipping and i won't be able to do so without your address.
contact otto here 
  
please take a moment to remember our troops who are risking their
lives so we can enjoy our freedom and safety here at home. 



special!  otto's personal collection of
airborne regalia 
after
over 30 years of collecting paratrooper and other airborne insignia, equipment
etc. on the side i've decided to refocus my colleting efforts and am selling
off my airborne collection in lots.  if you have bayonets or collectable
military rifles for trade i am interested in swapping.  it will take me
years to get everything posted so please check back often if you are not on my
mailing list. 



please see my " books and
literature" section for copies of 
my  ebooks  "bayonets of
afghanistan" and "observations on turkish bayonets".   they both contain a tremendous amount of
material which has not been published previously anywhere. 



article for your enjoyment - "the
m1938 carcano bayonet" did you know there were actually 5 variants instead
of just the 4 shown in earlier books?  take a look;-)  
https://ebayonet.com/articles/m38c/m1938carcano.htm

 



article for your enjoyment - "discovering yugoslavian m95m rifles and
bayonets" http://ebayonet.com/articles/m95m/m95m.html

this is an abridged edition of a more
detailed article that will be part of my next ebook project. 






the following is a list of items i have
available for sale or trade.  all items are guaranteed original unless
otherwise noted.  if you would like to purchase multiple items or any of
the more expensive ones my prices may be negotiable so feel free to make offers
if you are interested in the better items or multiple cheaper ones. 
("make an offer" means offering a specific dollar amount for
something.  just asking for my "best price" is not making an
offer and won't get you any kind of discounts.)  keep in mind that the
more you are buying at one time, the more price flexibility i will have and
shipping will be economized.  if you are not the type who likes to haggle
please contact me here and let me know which items interest you by their item
number and i'll be happy to work up a discounted price on the lot.  (this
applies to multiple item purchases only.)  because discounts become
progressively larger as more items are added to an order there is no such thing
as "my best price" so please don't bother to ask about "best
price" since there is no such thing. 
payment and shipping
information
most items have pictures available by
clicking the links in their descriptions.  in cases where i have several
identical items i may use a representative picture as opposed to an actual one
of each identical item.  these will be noted as "example"
pictures if it is necessary. 
if you are interested in an item that i
haven't added a picture, description or price for, please contact me here  with the item number and any questions you
might have and i'll get pictures and price up for you asap. 
note:  some items may already be gone
since this list was last updated or may be unavailable due to a pending deal in
progress.   all prices are subject to change without notice. 






please
choose a category

 home 
special!  otto's personal collection of
airborne regalia 
 bayonets 
afghanistan-france 
 bayonets  germany-guatemala

 bayonets.  haiti-mexico

 bayonets  nepal-syria 
 bayonets taiwan-yugoslavia 
(includes unidentified section at the end) 
 books and literature 
my ebooks on cd-rom "observations on turkish bayonets" and
"bayonets of afghanistan" are available in this section! 
thanks to all who helped and encouraged me along on these projects in the
past and continue to help me improve them! 
 helmets, hats, caps etc. 
insignia 
 antique guns, stocks, 
parts + accessories, ammo + ordnance 
 uniforms, footwear and misc.
equipment 
payment and shipping
information 
informational
links 
to
place an order, 
 make an inquiry about an item before
ordering it or to inquire about my consulting fees for identifying or
appraising your bayonets 
please contact me here 
if you
would like e-mail notification when this list is updated please em your request
to me. 
no one will be added to the list without their
expressed request! 
  
  © 2000-2024 dennis d. ottobre 
all materials on this website are
copyrighted and may not be reproduced or otherwise used without my expressed
permission.
if
you need a bayonet identified 
i charge $20 per bayonet in advance to identify and appraise.  hourly
rates are available for larger collections. 
 
legal notice.  my domain name
"ebayonet.com" is my own and stands for e-bayonet (electronic
bayonet) in keeping with the character of my business and  internet naming
trends used by a broad base of domain holders.  it should not be confused
or associated with ebay auctions or any subsidiary thereof in any way.  it
definitely does not represent "ebay-onet" which just sounds stupid to
begin with.  so if you are one of ebay's lawyers looking for an excuse to
sue someone, take a hike;-) 
  
 



