















uw mechanical engineering homepage | mechanical engineering









      skip to main content
    





myuw
calendar
directories
libraries
uw medicine
maps
uw today

helpful links

computing/it
isc/workday
husky card
uw bothell
uw tacoma
uw facebook
uw twitter






















					diversity, equity and inclusion
				



					log in
				



					myme
				












uw links





menu

 
 






search




main menu






about us



about us



                          what is mechanical engineering?
                        



                          about the department
                        



                          abet accreditation
                        



                          diversity, equity & inclusion
                        



                          job openings
                        



                          contact us
                        






people



people



                          faculty
                        



                          research associates
                        



                          staff
                        






research



research



                          research areas
                        



                          research centers
                        



                          research laboratories
                        



                          innovation & impact
                        



                          prototype shops
                        






news & events



news & events



                          news archive
                        



                          our stories
                        



                          faculty honors
                        



                          seminar series
                        



                          the messenger alumni newsletter
                        



                          event calendar
                        






admission



admission



                          why choose mechanical engineering?
                        



                          undergraduate program
                        



                          graduate program
                        






current students



current students



                          current undergraduate students
                        



                          current graduate students
                        



                          time schedule & curriculum
                        



                          advising appointment scheduler
                        



                          clubs & competitions
                        



                          engineering societies
                        



                          jobs & internships
                        



                          prototype shops
                        



                          student resources
                        



                          graduation
                        






industry & alumni



industry & alumni



                          industry partnerships
                        



                          alumni connections
                        



                          give to mechanical engineering
                        



                          notable alumni
                        



                          external advisory board
                        





additional links

additional links



					diversity, equity and inclusion
				



					log in
				



					myme
				






                search 




                give 




                quick links 




give








					diversity, equity and inclusion
				



					log in
				



					myme
				























students win  asme awards


ph.d. students bob xiaohai hu and thomas chu were recognized for research related to dynamic systems and control.



                    read story
                  






up next
accessible toys for local families


















accessible toys for local families


huskyadapt’s toy adaptation events aim to provide accessible toys to families, foster an inclusive environment and equip students with engineering skills.



                    read story
                  






up next
students win  asme awards

















        why me?
      


        research areas
      


        faculty
      


        future students
      


        current students
      


        courses
      








deadlines for transfer students 
transfer students applying for fall admission must apply to the uw by feb. 15 and submit an application to the department by april 5.

          learn more
        





faculty positions available
explore opportunities to join a collaborative and innovative faculty.


          see open positions
        













mekonnen kassa receives 2025 diamond award
mekonnen kassa (bsme '94) received the college of engineering diamond award for his commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion.







junlan wang named editor-in-chief
me professor junlan wang took on a new role as editor-in-chief of experimental mechanics.







flexible fabric converts body heat into electricity 
me assistant professor mohammad malakooti and ph.d. candidate youngshang han created a stretchable prototype that generates electrical energy from body heat. 







accessible toys for local families
huskyadapt’s toy adaptation events aim to provide accessible toys to families, foster an inclusive environment and equip students with engineering skills.





more news









feb
18
tue



            me seminar: udunna anazodo
          

2:00 pm - 3:00 pm
mueller hall (mue) - mue 153



feb
20
thu



            phd general examination: michelle katz
          

10:00 am - 11:30 am




feb
21
fri



            phd qualifying examination: juampablo heras rivera
          

10:00 am - 11:30 am




feb
24
mon



            phd final examination: melody mojib
          

12:00 pm - 1:30 pm


full calendar






core valuesdiversity, equity & inclusionthe uw department of mechanical engineering is committed to recruiting, welcoming and supporting a diverse and multi-faceted population of undergraduates, graduate students, faculty and staff. read about our valuescollaborative innovationtranslating ideas into impactthe uw is launching hundreds of companies across a wide range of fields. me is a leading department at the uw for innovation, commercialization and industry collaboration, making up 14% of all uw startups. explore startupshusky experiencewhy choose me?students and faculty in me drive advancements in health and medicine, energy and the environment, transportation, manufacturing and more. learn more about our department, view job trends and salaries, see answers to frequently asked questions and more.explore our department


uw innovatesmeasuring brain mechanicsresearchers like em triolo (me ph.d. ’24) have tested imaging methods that could provide insights about brain diseases.explore the research 


department spotlightjie xiaoboeing martin professor, mechanical engineeringjie xiao has been leading research in both fundamental research and practical applications of energy storage materials and systems to accelerate deep decarbonization. xiao’s research has led to breakthroughs in long cycling next-generation high energy lithium metal batteries and novel battery materials, accelerating the process to establish domestic manufacturing capability for clean energy technologies. her research has also changed how battery research is conducted and reported in the scientific community.related storyq&a: how academia can help battery manufacturing in the usuw news asked jie xiao about batteries and how academia can help support the growing domestic battery manufacturing industry.read story






#1 the uw’s ranking for most innovative public university in the u.s. by reuters in 2019
2x national average female undergraduates
#3 source of uw startups


923 new patents filed
since 2012
14 affiliated research centers
$13m annual research funding
more data











 


uw college of engineering

			centered coe wordmark logo
		


be boundless

connect with us:























uw home
contact us
sitemap
log in
privacy
terms

learn about our abet accreditation
© 2025 mechanical engineering | uw college of engineering | seattle, wa

 
 







