




 


the american friends of lafayette - home



 






home


join us


contact


shop





log in


 






home




about lafayette



timeline




27 reasons




adrienne




education committee







about afl



by-laws of the afl




join the afl




letters from the president







events



upcoming events




bicentennial events




friend of lafayette in st. louis, mo




lafayette in lancaster, pa







gift shop




members only




contact




gazettes




other lafayette orgs




speaker series



speaker series - stanley idzerda and the lafayette papers




speaker series - the battle of gloucester 1777




what would lafayette wear?




speaker series - character matters




speaker series - lafayette as a fictional character




speaker series - interview tlt




speaker series - taking a ringside seat...




speaker series - interview mark schneider




speaker series - interview mike duncan




lafayette: symbol of franco-american friendship



































welcome! 

thank you for your interest in america's favorite fighting frenchman! members of afl can log in by clicking the log in button at the top of this page.anyone can join afl! visit the join us page to find out more!

the american friends of lafayette is thrilled to have successfully launched reenactments reliving the thirteen-month bicentennial celebration of maior general lafayette's triumphant return tour to america!
follow us on lafayette200.org!


































































































































































































 
                              take a tour!
explore any lafayette tour location with this interactive audio tour! you can take the tour remotely by clicking on the white arrow in the green circle below or enjoy the tour on-site by downloading the travelstorys app for free.
the audio, text, and images will launch automatically as you approach each story site.




bicentennial promo



the wombles in suffolk



latest news

 


the bicentennial tour continues. book your seats at suffolk, fayetteville, new orleans, louisville, and more!
check out some highlights from the nyc event here, here, and here!
take a look at the lafayette featured, award-winning submission from the great american stamp show here
have you checked out our store? click here

(shopping hint: shop, add to cart, then checkout as a guest so that you don't have to register an account to make a purchase.)





lafayette college skillman library has digitized all of our gazettes. all gazettes are searchable. click here to explore!










about the afl
the american friends of lafayette is an organization aware of the ideals of this great french visionary leader, the inspirational quality of his remarkable career, his contributions to our own struggle for liberty, and his ceaseless efforts to forge an eternal bond of friendship between the united states and france.

the goal of the american friends of lafayette is to foster and promote this traditional friendship by way of continual research into the history that began with the american war for independence and includes any documents and discoveries past and present that shed more light on the life of the marquis.
members assist in reaching our goals by attending annual meetings, hosting lectures, donating books, erecting statues, attending the annual yorktown victory celebration and related events and much more.
the gazette is published twice per year.  it is a scholarly publication, with lighthearted articles sprinkled in as well.   amazingly enough, the gazette routinely surpasses 100 pages in size.























warning: browser cookies disabled. please enable them to use this website.






















                  donation
                


                    *
                  

                    mandatory fields
                  



 








*first name












*last name












*email












phone












state












zip












country












add'l info / note:



please note family member names, or if this is a gift







*sponsorship levels ($usd)


diamond co-sponsor $1,000.00  (usd)ruby co-sponsor $500.00  (usd)sapphire co-sponsor $250.00  (usd)emerald co-sponsor $100.00  (usd)please select a sponsorship level.







i will mail the sponsorship check



clear selectionus mailexpress (dhs, ups, fedex, etc)if you prefer to mail a check please print the page and mail to: american friends of lafayette, po box 84114, gaithersburg, md 20883.








which bicentennial event?




please tell us which bicentennial event you would like us to dedicate this. another option is to donate to the national efforts in general.







 





 

 


















 









upcoming events



lafayette memorabilia exhibit

30 jan 2025 5:30 pm
•
110 west finney avenue suffolk, va



suffolk, va welcomes lafayette

23 feb 2025 1:00 pm
•
suffolk visitor center, 524 north main street, suffolk, va



suffolk's lafayette bicentennial banquet

25 feb 2025 6:00 pm
•
hilton garden inn suffolk 100 east constance rd suffolk, va





google69c011f182e4479f.html












easton, pa 18042-1798
 















home


events


news


contact




copyright the american friends of lafayette 2018. "the american friends of lafayette" is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. mail correspondence to: po box 84114 gaithersburg, md 20883email: americanfriendsoflafayette@gmail.com
 




powered by wild apricot membership software







