





fox 4 news dallas-fort worth










   fox 4 news dallas-fort worth livenewsweathergood daysportslatest episodesvote more    watch live expand / collapse search ☰ search site    news local newstexasnationalworldpoliticsconsumerbusinesshealthfox news sundayweather forecastclosingsallergiesalmanacrainfall totalsfox weathersports cowboysrangersmavericksstarsfc dallaswingscollegeshigh schoolgood day links from on airbirthdaysrecipestrafficentertainmentthings to dosave me stevelatest episodes watch livethe tenlast call with steve noviellotexas: the issue istrackdownwho cares!?dztvthe mom gamethe tex factortexas to-do listhere's to youabout us contact usanchors and reportersstation historyfaqhow to streamwork for ustv listingsfcc public filefcc applicationskdfi / more 27brand spotlightregional news houston news - fox 26 houstonaustin news - fox 7 austin river flood warning  is in effect, anderson county, anderson county      
      top stories
           arlington teacher’s aide arrested in child abuse probe was also church youth pastor fox 4 has learned one of the suspects arrested at newman academy has also been a youth pastor at oasis community worship center in fort worth.        hood county murder suspect on-the-run, 3 others arrested         irving police's search for double shooting suspect led to shelter in place         melissa isd employee fired after 'inappropriate' communication with student         dallas weather: warm saturday before temps tumble. will we see ice next week?         fort worth serial robbery suspect accused of targeting 24 businesses across the city         texas man mouths two words to family of victims before execution         massage parlor shut down in fort worth for illegal activity, unlicensed workers         arlington charter school principal, teachers arrested in child abuse investigation         texas measles outbreak 2025: dozens of cases reported in last 3 weeks         atm theft suspects from houston arrested in fort worth         spas operating as 'sexually oriented businesses' in trophy club, dallas closed         mystery seed packets: frisco resident's address fraudulently used as return address on packages         va is latest department to face budget cuts amid trump's cost-cutting mission         texas judge fines ny doctor $100k for prescribing abortion pills to collin county woman     dallas mostly cloudy 61°  h: 71° l: 30° powered by 
          download fox local
                
        weather forecast
       view more     video  dallas weather: feb. 15 morning forecast   
      latest videos
          video  fox 4 news crime files: week of feb. 9       video  va is latest dept to face budget cuts under trump       video  youth pastor arrested in school child abuse probe       video  couple renews vows on 65th wedding anniversary       video  fort worth serial robbery suspect arrested   
        latest episodes
       view more     video  couple's trivia and v-day festivities | the ten       video  haralabos voulgaris (part 2) | dztv         
        national news
       view more       nascar daytona 500: how to watch, how to stream 'great american race' on sunday         2 women shot after fight near eagles super bowl parade; 1 man charged         va is latest department to face budget cuts amid trump's cost-cutting mission         poll: increasing number of democrats say party should become more moderate         trump signs executive order to block federal money for schools with covid-19 vaccine mandates         woman who accused jay-z and diddy of raping her when she was 13 withdraws lawsuit         trump's mug shot from fulton county jail hangs in white house         starbucks locations ditch plastic cups in some states—here’s where and why         deadly dc crash: helicopter crew may not have heard critical instructions         cowboys still 'america's team?' pa gov. josh shapiro thinks it's the eagles      local news view more      harris county crime spree: uncle, nephew among four arrested for jewelry store robberies, sheriff says four suspects - including a man and his nephew - have been arrested in connection to jewelry store robberies across northwest harris county, according to sheriff ed gonzalez.         melissa isd employee fired after 'inappropriate' communication with student          hood county murder suspect on-the-run, 3 others arrested          dallas weather: warm saturday before temps tumble. will we see ice next week?          arlington teacher’s aide arrested in child abuse probe was also church youth pastor          irving police's search for double shooting suspect led to shelter in place   sports view more         cowboys still 'america's team?' pa gov. josh shapiro thinks it's the eagles pennsylvania gov. josh shapiro suggested the philadelphia eagles take over the nickname "america's team" from the dallas cowboys.         dallas isd's carter high school girls' swim team celebrates historic victory          signs, shirts at mavs games will no longer lead to automatic ejection: sources       mshsl's transgender athlete policy under investigation by us department of education          smu students chant 'fire nico' at dallas mavericks gm          trump admin asks ncaa, high schools to erase records set by transgender athletes   texas view more         texas measles outbreak 2025: dozens of cases reported in last 3 weeks in the last three weeks, 48 cases of measles have been identified, sending 13 patients to the hospital, according to the texas department of state health services.         texas man mouths two words to family of victims before execution          texas lawmakers want to establish a bitcoin reserve, what is it?          ercot's latest projections show potential problems for texas power grid by 2027          texas senate sends $140k homestead exemption bill to the house for approval          spacex's starbase one step closer to becoming official texas town   national view more         nascar daytona 500: how to watch, how to stream 'great american race' on sunday nascar's daytona 500 – also known as the great america race – is sunday, feb. 16, at daytona international speedway. the race now begins at 1:30 p.m. (it was moved up an hour) due to the potential for rain sunday afternoon (we'll get into that in a bit).      2 women shot after fight near eagles super bowl parade; 1 man charged          trump's mug shot from fulton county jail hangs in white house          deadly dc crash: helicopter crew may not have heard critical instructions          cowboys still 'america's team?' pa gov. josh shapiro thinks it's the eagles       measles outbreaks: here's who should get a booster shot   politics view more         va is latest department to face budget cuts amid trump's cost-cutting mission while the department insists it will not impact health care, benefits or services, north texas veterans’ advocates say cuts to the agency can become a slippery slope.  february 14, 2025 9:27pm cst        poll: increasing number of democrats say party should become more moderate  february 14, 2025 8:57pm cst        trump signs executive order to block federal money for schools with covid-19 vaccine mandates  february 14, 2025 7:48pm cst        texas judge fines ny doctor $100k for prescribing abortion pills to collin county woman  february 14, 2025 1:01pm cst        states with abortion bans saw increase in infant mortality rates, study finds  february 14, 2025 11:14am cst        americans think the government spends too much; here's what it actually spends  february 14, 2025 10:53am cst money view more         man who lost bitcoin hard drive worth millions offers to buy waste dump site a man wants to buy a landfill in order to look for and retrieve a bitcoin hard drive that he lost in 2013 and that is worth millions of dollars.         live updates: trump hosts india's pm after increasing us tariffs       irs tax refund schedule 2025: what you need to know          nyse texas to be headquartered in dallas          inflation got worse in january; here's what prices jumped the most       video   saving tips for booking your spring break beach getaway   consumer view more         starbucks locations ditch plastic cups in some states—here’s where and why some starbucks locations have replaced plastic cups with compostable alternatives. here’s what to expect and where you’ll find them.         mystery seed packets: frisco resident's address fraudulently used as return address on packages          map: us states where people spend the most and least on groceries          cvs to close 270 more stores in 2025          what does it take to raise my own backyard chickens?          igloo coolers recalled: handle can cause fingertip amputations   viral & unusual view more         trump's mug shot from fulton county jail hangs in white house president donald trump has prominently displayed a framed copy of a tabloid newspaper featuring his mug shot on the cover in a room adjacent to the oval office.         valentine's day vows: dallas couple renews vows on 65th wedding anniversary          watch: kayaker gets swallowed by whale – briefly       video   here's to you: outlook at windhaven volunteers       eagles wide receiver a.j. brown visits 10-year-old philly plane crash survivor in hospital          watch: emotional reunion as stolen dog returns home after over 7 years   good day view more      video   pet of the day: little debbie if you're interested in adopting little debbie visit spca.org or call (214) 742-7722.      video   world's largest circus with world's smallest person       video   good day birthdays for feb. 14       video   hollis hudler's train-tastic dad joke       video   don's purrr-fect dad joke       video   186 dogs and cats aboard flight to shelters across u.s.   latest episodes view more      video   couple's trivia and v-day festivities | the ten on the friday, feb. 14, 2025 episode of the ten, hanna battah and steve noviello talk all things valentine's day with the bachelor's sean and catherine lowe. 3 couples participate in valentine's day couples trivia with the bachelor winners, hanna along with her husband kevin, and chip waggoner with his wife wendy. plus, a lip print analysis from deborah coleen rose and 'baked by bri' shows us tips and tricks while making valentine's day treats.      video   haralabos voulgaris (part 2) | dztv       video   are wound-shaped chocolates too far?       video   haralabos voulgaris on luka trade | dztv       video   luka doncic trade, schottenheimer hire | afterthought       video   happy galentine's day | the ten   entertainment view more      woman who accused jay-z and diddy of raping her when she was 13 withdraws lawsuit jay-z, who strongly denied the claims, celebrated the lawsuit's withdrawal, calling it “a victory." he described the allegations as "frivolous, fictitious, and appalling."      video   'the floor' contestant's experience on new trivia show          real housewives' star teddi mellencamp hospitalized with multiple tumors on her brain          'dazed and confused' home in austin up for sale          ‘the masked singer’: honey pot revealed as comedian in season 13 premiere          trump takes over kennedy center, replaces board with loyalists     trending now      deadly u.s. plane crashes in 2025: timeline      former texas h.s. coach sentenced to 30 years for sexually abusing 15-year-old student      atm theft suspects from houston arrested in fort worth      texas measles outbreak 2025: dozens of cases reported in last 3 weeks      valentine's day vows: dallas couple renews vows on 65th wedding anniversary       news local newstexasnationalworldpoliticsconsumerbusinesshealthfox news sundayweather forecastclosingsallergiesalmanacrainfall totalsfox weathersports cowboysrangersmavericksstarsfc dallaswingscollegeshigh schoolgood day links from on airbirthdaysrecipestrafficentertainmentthings to dosave me stevelatest episodes watch livethe tenlast call with steve noviellotexas: the issue istrackdownwho cares!?dztvthe mom gamethe tex factortexas to-do listhere's to youabout us contact usanchors and reportersstation historyfaqhow to streamwork for ustv listingsfcc public filefcc applicationskdfi / more 27brand spotlightregional news houston news - fox 26 houstonaustin news - fox 7 austin facebooktwitterinstagramyoutubeemail  about usnew privacy policyupdated terms of useyour privacy choicesfcc public fileeeo public fileclosed captioningcontests this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 fox television stations



