


oc orange county pet dogs cats events festivals news shelters parks beaches























oc orange county pet dogs cats events festivals news shelters parks beaches


oc orange county pet connection homepage
oc orange county pet news and information
last updated 07/05/12

















clubsandorganizations
rescueand carecenters
dog parksand beaches

   












pet friendlyapartments
personalpet stories
funpet links










lost cat - please help!
"frank" / "frankie"
      gray with white paws and white patches under his chin and on his chest. very timid.
      was accidentally let out from his apartment at the huntington continental on memorial day evening (monday 5/28) at approx. 8:45 pm.
      if you've seen this cat please call 949-439-1266
      click on the pdf below for a picture
      lost cat frank picture

what: wags to riche$ fundraiser
date: saturday, july 14, 2012 
      time: 7 p.m. to 10 p.m.
      registration: http://wagsforriches.eventbrite.com/
details: wags pet adoption is having it's first fundraiser wags to riche$. in the past year wags has s.a.v.e.d. over 400 pets and continues to provide care and shelter to over 150 wonderful homeless animals. see our story at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jup65xe57ia&feature=plcp
location: meadowlark golf club, huntington beach, ca
      info: michelle russillo at mrussillo@cox.net or 401.965.2537
or cortney at c.dorney@4wags.org or 714.887.6156.
      

attention frustrated cat owners…
11 renegade kittens meet their match and discover the secrets of cats who behave!

texas cat trainer reveals powerful strategies that transformed antisocial "wild cats" into lovable housecats in less than 13 days. she can do the same for your little tiger, too.


liz barton
 
dear fed up cat owner,
if you’re reading this, you’ve undoubtedly “had it up to here” with your cat’s bad behavior. maybe something like this is going on in your house right now…
- kitty is in the doghouse again because she ignored the litter box and did her business on the carpet instead.
- your sofa looks like a tattered reject from the thrift store.
- fun play times come to a screeching halt when your sweet ball of fur morphs into a biting psycho kitty.
- if cat poop were a good fertilizer for your houseplants, they would reach the ceiling by now.


in order to get the behavior you want, you need to get inside the feline psyche – understand how cats think and why they act the way they do - before you can even think about changing their behavior.

you do this by respecting their natural instincts, instead of trying to stifle them, as most training methods teach. only then can you pinpoint the exact reason why your cat is misbehaving, and begin to eliminate the problem immediately.

mypetconnection recommends cat behavior secrets revealed
click here to learn more



here's one of the best selling dog training products that i have found online.
sitstayfetch is the no. 1 dog training and behavior product on the net and has been for over 3 years!
thanks to this powerful insider information, over 60,433 dog owners worldwide have been successful with their dog training, and solved their dog’s behavior problems.



 dog obedience training secrets to
stop your dog’s behavior problems!
"put an end to the stress and annoyance of your dog behavior problems!
...and slash your dog obedience training time in half by using
techniques that give you immediate results!!"
over 60,433 dog owners worldwide, just like you, have used my unique course to fast-track their dogs learning, while having loads of fun in the process.
to see what "sitstayfetch: dog training to stop your dog's behavior problems!" can do for you, click on the link below and get my free sitstayfetch 6 day course!




mypetconnection recommends sitstayfetch
click here to learn more









main menu

clubs and organizations
rescue and care centers
dog parks and beaches
pet friendly apartments
personal pet stories
fun pet links


cat behavior secrets revealed!


liz barton saysclick here!




cat behavior secrets revealed!


click here!




recommended sites


cat tracking collars
custom dog beds




more pet stuff...

submit pet news
pet news archives
faq
contact


resources

site map

we respect your privacy - see our terms for more info.



 




clubs and organizations ::
 rescue and care centers ::
 dog parks and beaches 
pet friendly apartments ::
 personal pet stories ::
 fun pet links





© 2005-2008 www.mypetconnection.com.  all rights reserved.







