























the leonard p. zakim bunker hill memorial bridge -
























































the leonard p. zakim bunker hill memorial bridge 



photo copyright lisa kesslerplease donate to the lenny zakim fundlzf grant recipients 1996-2024lenny zakim wikipediajosh zakim wikipedialenny’s story:cancer & the quality of lifedana farberzakim center for integrated therapies & healthy living




copyright andy ryan photography,  all rights reserved
the leonard p. zakim bunker hill memorial bridge, part of the big dig project in boston, is one of the widest cable-stayed bridges in the world. the bridge serves as the northern entrance to and exit from boston. the bridge is named after civil rights activist lenny zakim and the american colonists who fought the british in the battle of bunker hill.“lenny lived by the belief that each of us has a moral responsibility to make the world a better, more inclusive and respectful place for all people. he worked tirelessly to build personal bridges between our city’s diverse people and neighborhoods. he would be so proud to know that this magnificent structure will stand as a symbol of unity, hope and respect for all bostonians,”joyce zakim, wife of activist lenny zakim at 2002 bridge dedication.“the dedication of the leonard p. zakim bunker hill bridge will showcase the diversity and the unity of race, religion and personal background that exists in boston today because of the work of community leaders like lenny zakim and because patriots fought long ago in charlestown to make our country independent.”mayor tom menino at 2002 bridge dedication.“the commonwealth of massachusetts is setting a wonderful precedent in naming this bridge after lenny zakim and the citizens who fought at the battle of bunker hill, i am proud that we are celebrating the ideals of patriotism, freedom and diversity by dedicating this bridge in their honor. may this remind us all of the difference that one person’s decision to stand up to injustice and fight for freedom, respect and diversity can make in the lives of others and in the history of our nation.”governor jane swift at 2002 bridge dedication.
learn to question: what would lenny do?the boston globe – zakim bridge photo gallerychristian menn – consulting engineerthe central artery/tunnel project – the big digcolor kinetics highlighting heroes in vibrant blueleonard p. zakim bunker hill memorial bridge facts for kids


bunker hill monumentbattle of bunker hill, wikipedia historybunker hill monument addressby daniel websterbuilding the bunker hill monumentbunker hill community college, achieving the dream

this web site is a page of links to sources of information about the the leonard p. zakim bunker hill memorial bridge. please contact the state of massachusetts highway division with any questions about lighting the bridge.if you have any other questions, please follow the links on this page for answers or use an internet search engine like google.
if you see broken links, please email the webmaster:info@leonardpzakimbunkerhillbridge.org
find out more about:the leonard p. zakim bunker hill bridge at wikipedia















all rights reserved







