 





home - fontaine pre-run












































skip to content




1094 desert broom court, rochelle park2017622862[email protected] 



 





  fontaine pre-run

athletics sports school

 






home
about us
programs and training

running programs
throwing practice
training on the jumps


blog
contacts
 

  







how to get your child involved in athletics


you, as a parent, can encourage your child to take up athletics. this is a wise choice that your child will no doubt thank you for later in life. the good news is that you don't have to work too…


learn more









who our school is for











children and teens


we strive not only to teach running, jumping and throwing techniques, but also to develop children's leadership skills, self-confidence.













junior athletes


here we provide specialized training designed to improve performance in competition.













adults and amateurs


we offer not only training in the fundamentals of athletics, but also general fitness programs.










programs








running programs










throwing practice










training on the jumps










our team









rodney baker













elizabeth cassidy













edward cope












reviews about the school









gloria sparkman


this is a wonderful athletic school for track and field! my child went here a few months ago and i…











lamont rogers


my daughter started at this school for athletics and i am thrilled with her progress. not only has she improved…











gary allen


the school values not only physical fitness but also character building, discipline and team spirit. i am happy to see…










blog






january 29, 2025 





injury prеvеntion tеchniquеs for bеginnеr runnеrs



running is onе of thе simplеst and most accеssiblе forms of еxеrcisе. it rеquirеs no…


learn more








january 29, 2025 





the role of psyсhology in aсhieving suссess in traсk and field



suссess in athletiсs, partiсularly in traсk and field, often appears to be determined by physiсal…


learn more








january 17, 2025 





marathon mind games: how to stay strong when the miles get tough



running a marathon is much more than a physical feat. while the body endures hours…


learn more







award winning & certified!







find online casinos in japan with the best games at osusumeonlinecasino. get expert recommendations today.








experience the ultimate adrenaline rush at sportzino – where sports meet casino excitement! dive into the world’s best sports casino, packed with thrilling games, live-action, and unbeatable rewards.







it is always challenging to motivate your child to get involved in athletics. what's more, it is sometimes even harder to encourage them to study. typically, kids might request to pay someone to do my homework for school or even hire someone for doing an assignment or hw for money, and this could be a solution. if your child succeeds in their studies, that can be motivation for them to do everything by themselves.







flight radar technology has revolutionized the way we track and manage air traffic around the globe.









1win, an online casino and bookmaker in argentina, offers a wide range of betting options, exciting casino games, live sports betting, user-friendly interface, and secure payment methods.







betonred is the top online casino in poland, where every spin gives you a chance to win big. with massive bonuses, exciting games, and huge jackpots, this is your moment to shine. bet on red now at https://betnred.pl and start winning real money!







online gambling is a marathon where you need to think about the final result. so it is better to start with withcasinobonus - 5$ minimum deposit deals and finish with a big win and minimum spending.








betting offers finder is an aggregator of betting sites and betting offers. we have a lot of betting bonuses and betting reviews on our site. for example, here is a review of 1win zambia - which is a leading betting site and has a good rating among players. here you can find 1win zambia bonuses and honest user reviews.










find out what a pokie machine is and how to play online pokies for real money for the best gaming experience. at pokiesportal.com you will find the largest selection of pokies, with the highest rtp!









doulike offers a unique online dating experience, empowering users to find meaningful relationships through a system that emphasizes compatibility based on shared values and interests. its user-friendly platform fosters genuine connections, supported by detailed profiles and intelligent matchmaking.







it is important to play only on best casinos not on gamstop uk and follow the rules. avaproject - is an easy way to learn about correct gambling options when on gamstop.








wonaco casino is australia's newest gambling site with sports betting options.









 


mainhome
about us
contacts
privacy policy
 

programs and trainingrunning programs
throwing practice
training on the jumps
 


our blog


injury prеvеntion tеchniquеs for bеginnеr runnеrs


the role of psyсhology in aсhieving suссess in traсk and field


marathon mind games: how to stay strong when the miles get tough


 

 


copyright © all rights reserved.

 









