




acoustic labs software











 no audio support :(
    





acoustic labs software









                            hi! you've reached acoustic labs software, the now defunct audio software company solely founded, developed and operated by me in 
                            the late 1990's through the early/mid 2000's.  
                        

                            for possible questions you may have, info why we no longer exist, and more, please see the list below. no worries for existing users, support 
                            will remain as good as ever. feel free to email me at tmdarwen@acoustic-labs.com and i'll be happy to assist.
                        

                            also, i really want to thank all the people from around the world that purchased my software over the years. making software is a lot of 
                            fun. making software that thousands of people around the world use, to make all kinds of different music and audio projects with, is well 
                            beyond a lot of fun. that of course would not have been possible without you, the users.
                        

                            acoustic labs software was successful beyond what i would've imagined when first creating audio software back in the late 1990s. the 
                            enjoyment i've gotten over the years of hearing positive feedback from countless users has been priceless.
                        

                            thanks, and all the best,
                            terence darwen
                            acoustic labs software, llc
                        

possible questions you may have:



i've purchased your software in the past but have lost it and need a new download link?
what was acoustic labs software?
your audio recording, editing and mixing software is awesome, why deprive the world of it?
since you no longer make/sell audio editing software can you recommend a product?
since you no longer make/sell multirack recording, editing or mixing software can you recommend a product?
i appreciate the recommendations but i really want to purchase <insert acoustic labs software title here>. please!?



q: i've purchased your software in the past but have lost it and need a new download link?
a: no problem.  mycommerce.com (the third party payment service we've 
                            used forever) will have a record of your order.  using your original order information you'll be able to get a new download link.  if you 
                            run into any problems, just let me know: tmdarwen@acoustic-labs.com.
                        

q: what was acoustic labs software?
a: acoustic labs software was an audio recording, editing and mixing software company i started in the early 2000s.  it originally grew out 
                            of audio software i started developing in the late 1990s.  
                            the company's products were created entirely from code i wrote from scratch in my 
                            modest (crash pad / audio lab) apartment staying up waaaaaay too late, waaaaaay too many nights doing so.  i created my first real product (the 
                            acoustic labs mixer) in 2001 and had some success with it.  my passion for creating audio software continued to grow after this.  from late 2004 
                            to early 2008 acoustic labs software was my fulltime occupation.  we created and sold three different software applications (see 
                            past products below) and had thousands of users around the world.  please checkout some of the 
                            past customer feedback below.
                        

q: your audio recording, editing and mixing software is awesome, why deprive the world of it?
a: a couple of things:  first, there are only so many hours in a day and i want to focus on other interests.  if interested in what these 
                            are, feel free to checkout my site here: tmdarwen.com.  second, since starting 
                            to make audio software in the late 1990s, the audio recording, editing and mixing software industry has exploded in growth.  there's *so* much 
                            good software out there (that can do everything you want and more) for such affordable prices (often even free).  for me, it's just not as 
                            exciting an industry as it once was.
                        

q: since you no longer make/sell audio editing software can you recommend a product?
a: yes, and standard disclaimer, i'm not receiving compensation in any way for these recommendations, these are just my personal preferences.  
                            for audio editing, i'd first check out audacity and see if it meets your needs - it's free.  
                            if not, you might want to check out web-based solutions.  i have limited experience with these but they're frequently free, easy-to-use and don't 
                            require installing software. here's one: https://twistedwave.com/online/. if you're looking for something 
                            higher end i'd suggest taking a look at adobe audition.
                        

q: since you no longer make/sell multirack recording, editing or mixing software can you recommend a product?
a: there are soooo many options here.  personally, i'm a big fan of ableton live.  its ability 
                            to not just be used as traditional multitrack software, but as a live instrument in itself is pretty cool.  however, if you're looking for something without 
                            live features i'd check out  reaper.  it's powerful, easy to use and relatively  affordable.  if you run macos, definitely 
                            try out garageband.  are you a linux user?  if so, i'd try ardour.  
                            for a web-based solution, i've played around with audiotool at audiotool.com.  it was intuitive and easy to use.  
                            i hear people talking very positively about bitwig, although i have not tried it myself.  if i understand 
                            correctly, bitwig is interactive similar to ableton live.  also, it runs on windows, macos and linux.  if you need something more powerful and professional 
                            there are of course the industry standard daws: pro tools, logic, 
                            cubase and others.  standard disclaimer: these are just my personal opinions and i'm 
                            not receiving any sort of incentive for my recommendations.
                        

q: i appreciate the recommendations but i really want to purchase <insert acoustic labs software title here>. please!?
a: first, i'd urge you to try some of the recommendations above - some really great software, with some really great communities to help with support 
                            and doing pretty much any kind of awesome audio project you're interested in.  if for some reason you still think you need to be using software i've created 
                            (mind you years ago now and without updates) send me an email (tmdarwen@acoustic-labs.com) and we'll discuss 
                            it.
                        


past products



the acoustic labs multitrack recorder
                        the acoustic labs multitrack recorder was based on our original, popular product the acoustic labs mixer. it was a powerful, yet easy-to-use, multitrack recorder. 
                        the design was similar to the classic four/eight track portable recording devices popular in the 80's and 90's, yet in software form.






the acoustic labs audio editor
                        the acoustic labs audio editor was a powerful, yet easy-to-use, audio file recorder and editor. at the time it was released (2004) there weren't a lot of great audio 
                        editors out there that were highly intuitive, easy to use, but still powerful. that was our aim with this product.
                        






the acoustic labs multitrack plus
                        the acoustic labs multitrack plus was a more advanced multitrack recorder released in 2006. it included tempo and pitch shifting features allowing 
                        for easily incorporating audio loops into compositions. the enhancements it contained, compared to the multitrack recorder, frequently came from requests from users 
                        of our multitrack recorder.






the acoustic labs intro audio
                        the following audio is of the demo project that would load the first time our software was started after installing.
                        


00:00

00:00




















customer feedback



robert (california): "i purchased your multitrack recorder yesterday afternoon.  as soon as it was installed i put it through its paces recording and mixing complex music, sound effects and narration tracks for a film.  your product worked beyond my expectations.  thanks for a great tool!"
michael (sweden): "...i have used the program since the release and it's the best recording software that i have ever tried.  thanks to you all at acoustic labs!  keep up the good work"
eric (ohio): "downloaded the multitrack plus this weekend and have already put a track together with it...fantastic!! ...excellent product."
rick (united kingdom): "i have been searching the net for about 3 hours and downloaded around 4 recorders and found the multitrack plus to be one of the best with regards to price point, layout/design and function."
scott (illinois): "i use your product regularly and love how well it works and how easy it is to use"
lachlan (victoria, australia): "i have downloaded your acoustic labs multitrack recorder which i think is the greatest!! i've searched the internet long and hard and found no multitrack recorder that comes close to you guys."
john (united kingdom): "all our songs are now recorded using the multitrack recorder."
cliff (texas): "... the editing functions i have done with this software work real slick, simple and easy to use. exactly what i need."
jason (california): "i just want to say the acoustic labs multitrack recorder is really awesome, its very easy to use."
jeff (indiana): "i've been thrilled with the product. thanks, acoustic labs!"
jan (queensland, bahamas): "hello, i have recently downloaded a copy of your acoustic labs multitrack recorder off of c-net.com, and i just wanted to let you know how thankful i am for someone who finally put some time into their software....."
bill (arkansas): "it's the only one, out of all of the multitrack software i found, that i have been able to do anything with. it's a great product."
cyndi (united kingdom): "it is a very good programme the sound quality is great."
shawn (new york): "thank you, thank you, thank you!...  i went ahead and purchased the program...can't live w/out it now!"
keith (illinois): "...the software is great."
michael (texas): "...this is a great editing package..."
eric (washington): "...your software is very easy to use.  the precise, fraction-of-a-second editing capability is great!"
al (south africa): "i have downloaded the software and it works excellently."
tony (california): "your software works great! thanks again for your great help..."
paul (new york): "...a superb product"
merv (canada): "i really have enjoyed this program."
guy (united kingdom): "i recently purchased your excellent audio editing program and have been very pleased with it."
ronald (california): "great software!!. thanks!"
rod (canada): "i think your product is excellent..."
steven (ohio): "i love your program."
paul (arizona): "thanks for your reply and the great product!"
dave (new york): "i purchased the acoustic labs editor and... had great success with it."







                            © copyright 2001, acoustic labs software llc - all rights reserved
                        






