



lp2cd.com























in business since 1990 • on the web since 1998 • same location since 1999


login | register
| contact us












your cart is empty

call us toll free: 800-778-9043
no local drop-off (order over $300? see options)









home

how it works

formats

pricing

faq

track your order

























cart is empty



home
start here
how it works 
formats 
pricing
faq 
contact
login
register










 pricing information 

how it works 
what to send
how to send it
how long it takes
what it costs
how to pay
what you get back

how we perform magic
audio restoration examples
professional audio restoration
our noise reduction philosophy
time machine museum
glossary of audio terms
recordings preservation tips
gift certificates
about us
links


"i send lp2cd a vinyl record from 1985 and they did a a++ job transfering it to cd for me. the cd sounds great with sound restoration! highly recommended!"
view all














do you have old audio recordings? here are some formats: vinyl lps, 78 rpm records, cassettes, 8-tracks, reel-to-reel tapes, wire recordings. give them a new life! use our audio transfer to cd service. we are dedicated to the effort of restoring and preserving precious sound recordings. listen to examples of the music we have restored on our audio restoration examples page.
we transfer and restore your precious recordings to cds (and optional mp3). we work on most formats, such as:- lp albums (also known by some as 33s or vinyl), 78s (78rpm records) and 45s- home-made-records- 8-tracks, cassettes and reel-to-reel tapes- wire recordings (and more)
and now a quick plug for our new service


video-enhancement-restoration-upscale to 4k uhd



cds will last a lifetime:- they do not wear with repeated play- do not warp or crack
we drastically improve the sound of your original recording (lp, 78 or tape recording) and remaster to cd sound.- how? using digital technologies previously not available, powerful studio equipment and experience of the highest caliber.
noises, such as:- crackles and hiss- pops and scratches- signs of aging or heavy use- lp vinyl noise, 78rpm shellac noise and tape humwill all be miraculously gone, replaced by pure music, in true cd quality.all at a price point that anyone can afford. - our pricing structure makes it possible for the first time ever to restore and put on cd one unique recording or your entire collection.
collectors of records and 8-tracks love us:-now they can actually listen to their recordings, enjoy the music, and play it for others digitally on cds or mp3, without fear of degrading the quality of their collection!our customers are really happy with us, and loyal.-practically all are repeat customers, and they do a wonderful job spreading the word about us.
in summary: we perform- digital cleaning, audio restoration- remastering, transfer to cd (and optional mp3)of original recordings in most formats:- lps (33rpm, vinyl), 45rpm and 78rpm (commercial or home-made-records)- cassettes, reel-to-reel, 8-track tape and wire recordingsand transfer the cleaned-up remastered recording to crystal clear audio cd (and optional mp3).
you may order a video enhancement/restoration/upscale to 4k uhd for the following formats:

laserdisc (ld) - ntsc (american) and pal (foreign) formats accepted
vhs and vhs-c - ntsc (american), pal (foreign) and secam (foreign) formats accepted
svhs and svhs-c - ntsc, pal and secam formats accepted
beta / betamax (consumer version, see below beta sp) - ntsc, pal and secam accepted
ed beta (extended definition beta) - only ntsc accepted (foreign formats not available for ed beta)
superbeta (high band beta) - ntsc, pal and secam accepted
beta sp / betacam sp - only ntsc accepted (foreign formats not available for beta sp)
hi8 and video8 - ntsc and pal accepted
digital 8 - ntsc and pal formats accepted
minidv and dv - minidv: ntsc and pal accepted; dv: only ntsc accepted
dvcam - only ntsc accepted (foreign formats not available for dvcam)








feb 17, 2025: operating at 100%
we are accepting new orders. orders already into the system, as well as new orders, will be processed in order received, in the shortest possible time.  for quicker turnaround, please see our rush service options. we thank all our clients for your tremendous support!

important: if you are experiencing any problems or errors with the shopping cart or anywhere else on our web site, we will greatly appreciate if you contacted us and let us know.
messages from cvc productions president, dr. cristian coban: about safety - about restoration
home 
 | testimonials
| site map
| terms and conditions

copyright 2025 cvc productions, lp2cd division | 2757 park royal drive, windermere, fl. 34786inquires line:  407-292-1151                 phone orders line:  800-778-9043                (9 am to 5 pm eastern time, m-f)

time machinefeatured transfers: lp | homemade records | wire recordings | commercial 78rpm





































