















indranil ray















skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






indranil ray



welcome to the spectacular world of magic of magician indranil of rampurhat, birbhum, west bengal, india.







about me




magician indra



view my complete profile



blog archive




blog archive
nov 6 - nov 13 (1)
oct 30 - nov 6 (5)
oct 16 - oct 23 (3)






links


google news
edit-me
edit-me




followers























a fascinating link





dear buddies,if you are interested to perform some cyber-magic here is a link you may try. i believe there are some "gems" of magic. give a try and let me know your feedback for the recommendation.http://www.realmagic.net/






































































































































































the loyal assistant





you show a metal strip claiming it to be your loyal assistant which never fails to make a correct prediction. putting it aside for a moment you take five symbols out of an esp deck. and showing the symbols, you explain the significance of them and briefly talk about esp. you put the set of five symbols asides and let a spectator choose a symbol from the rest of the deck.now, from the set of five symbols you momentarily kept aside; you pick the square and declare it as the selected symbol. you also take the metal strip and forming a square with it you boast about your assistant and the accuracy of the prediction. but your spectators denies this, so you turn the square symbol card face down and with the square frame in your hand you ask him to declare his selection.the circle is declared as the selection. simultaneously and instantaneously the square frame in your hand changes to a circle. triumphantly you ask him to turn the face down card over and they find a circle is staring at them. finish!requirement: you need a deck of esp cards and a double-faced card; with a square on the face and a circle on the reverse. and you need a” squaring the circle” trick too.preparation: take out four cards one each of circle, cross, wave and star. and add the double faced to this pile with the square showing. put this set stack atop the rest of the deck of symbol cards and armed with a squaring the circle outfit you are ready to go.presentation start as stated in the effect. then when you request a spectator to select a card, you in fact force the circle symbol on him. you may use your own favourite force, but my preference is for ‘crossing the cut’ force as this does not disturb a pre-set deck required for the following effect. ask him to show the symbol to all but you, then put it over the table face down.next, taking the pile of five cards you earlier kept aside, you display the cards faces up and casually bring the square symbol on the face. and place the circle at the second position (below the square) from the face.point out to the square symbol and declare it as the selected card. you double lift the card(s), turn it faces down and immediately fan the five cards. so they will see a face down card, (apparently the square), a circle, a cross, a wave and a star. you remove the face down card, miscalling it a square and their selected symbol and put on the table. other four symbols you add to the main deck. since their selection was a circle, obviously they would say that you were wrong. so, holding the ‘square’ with both hands you request them to announce their selection. they will either call out ‘the circle’ or turn over their selected symbol under impression they got you. you look amazed but immediately gaze at the frame in you hands, simultaneously and instantaneously, the square in your hand changes to a circle! you now request to turn over the face down cards you put on the table. it turns out to a circle symbol. so you and your loyal assistant have turned the table on them !








































select your darling!!!





take eight blank visiting cards. on seven of them, stick the pictures of men of various professions along with names written under them. on another card, stick the picture of a lovely young girl. i use pictures of doctor, engineer, advocate, pilot, businessman, flimstar, astronaut, and a queen cut out from children's wordbook. keep all the cards held together with a rubber band in your wallet.presentation : take out the cards and show them to your spectators. point out the girl (on the card) and say that a selection of the appropriate bridegroom will be made by magic.display the seven other cards and say that these are the persons who have crossed different hurdles to win the girl and now will appear for the final selection. offer the seven cards to your spectator to be shuffled. ask him to mentally select any card that he feels to be the best as bridegroom and note its position from the top of the facedown pack. take back the pack behind your back and secretly transfer three cards from top to the bottom of the pack. explain you are energising the spectator's selection magically so that only it can withstand the tough competition. offer the pack to your spectator and ask him to transfer a certain number of cards from the top to the bottom of the pack equal to the number at which his card was located. in other words, if the spectator's card was at the fourth position of the facedown pack from top he should transfer four cards from the top to the bottom of the pack.now take the girl card and put it at the bottom of the facedown packet in spectator's hand. explain that the girl will find the bridegroom, which the spectator has thought to be the best suited for her.ask your spectator to give you one card and transfer the next one to the bottom of the deck until only two cards are left. ask him to turn the pair of cards face-up and that would reveal the girl with her bridegroom as selected by the spectator. 








































indra’s restoring selection





two sets of pictures of five different animals are needed. paste five different animal pictures on five blank visiting cards and put the name of each animal underneath the pictures. put some sort of secret marks on the back of each card to mark them 1 through 5, so that you can identify each animal without seeing the picture. this is the first set. cut the other set of five pictures in halves through the middle of the animals and paste each piece on ten double blank visiting cards. now take two cards bearing two halves of an animal and write the name in two parts as follows: if the picture is of a lion, write ‘li’ on the card below the picture bearing front or head half of the lion and ‘on’ below rear half on the card. do the same with all the other cards. memorise the following chart, for transfer of cards : - number - move 1. - move one card from top to face (bottom) of the pack. 2. - move two cards from face (bottom) to top of the pack. 3. - leave the stack (pack) of cards as it is. 4. - move two cards from top to face (bottom) of the pack. 5. - move one card from face (bottom) to top. set up: stack the cards of second set with two halves of each animal in pairs. the pair bearing the code number ‘one’ should be the first pair of the face down stack, followed by the pair with serial no.2 and so on. put this stack of cards inside a wallet with the first set of five cards over it. presentation: remove the cards from the wallet, separate the first set from the rest of the cards, and place the half animal set on the table. fan the cards in hand and show the complete animal set. turning the cards face down, mix them and request a spectator to pick any card but not to see the face. however, you note the secret code number on the back of the selected animal card. leaving the other cards in hand aside, you now take the second set of cards lying on the table. lifting the cards in pairs, you show that each animal is cut into halves. count the cards to show that there are ten pieces of five animals. then casually shift the required number of cards according to the code number of selected animal card. suppose, the number on the selected card is 4, you shift two cards from top to bottom of the stack of cards.do this very casually, and do not draw their attention by making it a big move. next, take the top five cards in right hand from the rest in left without disturbing the order of both groups. place the two piles side by side on the table. state that you will spell the sentence “join animals by magic” and transfer a card for each letter from top to bottom of either pile, as indicated by the spectator. you will then discard the top cards of each pile as a pair after completion of the spelling of each word. this is done until the spelling of the sentence is complete. finally, the spectator is requested to show his selected animal by turning over his original selected card. you now turn the cards discarded in pairs to show that only one pair has the matching halves, and it matches the spectator’s selected animal. ed. note. the effect and can be immediately repeated by openly arranging the cut animals in pairs. since the other five animal cards’ backs are marked these does not require any set up rather it is wise to mix them well at the outset. 



































older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)








 







