






first state mha – welcome















































skip to content





























menu 






















office:
302-674-5868
fax:
302-674-5960









homehome owners factory built home faqs installation find a home manufactured housing assistance program (mhap)about us staff board members videosindustry calendar scholarship member benefits government affairs government contacts nationwide mhas classifieds industry postingfsmha directoryphoto gallerycontact us











302-674-5868
















 






























member login
















welcome to fsmha 











we are pleased that you are interested in knowing more about us and the factory built housing industry.
the first state manufactured housing association has been the legislative, regulatory and educational voice of the factory–built housing industry for over 20 years.
our mission is to maintain and enhance the climate for sound growth of the manufactured housing market in delaware, thereby assuring that its citizens have the opportunity to participate in and enjoy the privilege of home ownership. the first state manufactured housing association will serve as a primary resource for current and future business issues facing the industry. improved levels of professionalism, progress and prosperity for members will be targeted through the exchange of information, education and promotion of quality-of-life issues. the end result will be a better served and satisfied consumer, and a strengthening of the industry as a whole.






why a manufactured home?






today's manufactured home offers:

value
efficiency
affordability
uncompromised design and beauty
strict standards of quality construction

are you a homebuyer looking to purchase a manufactured or modular home? click the home owners tab at the top to get started.
if you are in the industry and are looking for industry specific information click on the industry tab at the top.
report any comments, complaints, problems and/or suggestions for this website to info@firststatemha.org.
























member login









title 25 - property (chapters 70, 71 & 57) manufactured homes and manufactured homes communities act









delaware department of justice - summary of the delaware manufactured homes and manufactured home communities act (revised october 2022)


































































 










 























contact us 











first state manufactured housing association
1675 s. state street
suite e
dover, de 19901
office: 302-674-5868
fax: 302-674-5960













upcoming events 




















					there are no upcoming events.					


























all logos and trademarks in this site are property of their respective owners.
opinions expressed in articles within this site are those of their owners and may not reflect the opinion of the first state manufactured housing association.
copyright 2006-2024.









designed by  2019-logotechno goober








 



























