


gerovital tablets | cream | gh3 procaine real-gerovital .com


























 


 

home 
          | questions? | customer testimonials  
          | procaine hcl  formulation | advice         | wholesale 
          | contact  | buy
       gerovital tablets 







 
 

site
           information  

 

 gerovital-h3 - introduction 
 
            popular questions 
what 
               gerovital benefits?


 our customers say! 
healthcare  
               testimonials 
 read more on gerovital h3  
  
               ingredients in our formulation

how to use 
               gh-3 
 
               mono-amine oxidase inhibitor 
 anti-depressive 
               function in gh3  

gh3 anti-wrinkle 
               cream 
  read our newsletter
 







                                      

 dietary  
              links




all  
                  information provided  within this site must not be interpreted for the cure 
                  or therapies of  medical conditions. it it offered for  learning 
                  purposes. a qualified healthcare professional must be consulted on therapies of any health conditions.



 ©  real gerovital com







bookmark  this site





 gerovital h3 tablets and cream 
 highest quality gh3 procaine hcl complex 





  

  




gerovital
    	tablets 

gh3
  	cream
gerovital h3 injections
ellagic acid
   cancer prevention




    	"gerovital h3  is a leading leap ahead in the area of anti-aging supplements. the molecules of procaine hydrochloride have a significant effect in reinforcing important physical sphere. gerovital-h3 has rightly received an impressive reputation amidst  older people - it improves joint flexibility, arterial strength, increases mental sharpness while reducing mild depresion,  it also regenerates the skin texture. it is what you can describe as an acroos-the board preparation for slowing down the manifestation of old age ailments ". [dr. paul yutsis, m.d.]

"for years gh3 procaine supplements of this class were only attainable to the very wealthy, movie stars, head of countries and leaders of affluent, influential countries; the reasoning was that the price of receiving gerovital-h3 therapy was too expensive to the general public. this gh3 formula treatment,  in compresses and injections, is today attainable for those informed individuals wanting to appear younger and healthier into the future years at a very affordable price". [dr. c hertzog - london uk]

gerovital h3  principal ingredient is procaine hydrochloride, the famous and original anti aging substance discovered by the romanian gerontologist dr. ana aslan.  in the united states gerovital is categorised as "dietary supplement" in the d.s. act of 1994.



 can 
            we grow younger with gh3? read more ... 
 
   














