









butler disposal systems














































  



toggle navigation




 
                                                            butler disposal systems                                                    


 
homewho we arewhat we dowhere we arecontact uslinkswhat’s newmunicipalities town of claytown of dewittonline payment









			welcome			        



for over 60 years, butler disposal systems has provided quality and efficient waste removal and recycling solutions.  we are proud to be a locally owned and operated business and would be proud to serve you. 




container sizes for all applications in onondaga and oswego counties. â call us at (315) 342-0832 or 1-800-794-8727 and tell us how we can help you! 









here we grow again……..
our main office has relocated to 24 hoag drive phoenix ny



we now accept payments online!
click below to make an online payment or schedule a transaction by credit card or check!





welcome town of dewitt
welcome residents of dewitt!
butler disposal systems will be your new trash service provider.â  please have your trash and recycling by the curb by 6 a.m.


we are here to serve your waste removal and recycling needs








since 1959, butler disposal of oswego, ny has provided residential, commercial and industrial trash removal and recycling solutions for oswego and onondaga counties.  our goal is to provide customer oriented service in an efficient and affordable way.  we are a locally owned and operated company and we look forward to doing business with you! 






ready for waste removal and recycling jobs of all sizes
we service residential, commercial and industrial clients of all sizes. â  containers of a variety sizes to help you with your waste removal and recycling needs. â let us know what we can do for you! 











previous



next
































© 2022 butler disposal systems. 


                                                        made with  by graphene themes.                        








