





aspen animal shelter




















































































































































skip to content
















 

homeadoptable dogsadoptable catsboarding kennelpet boutiquegrooming salonpet camsdoggie day care camdoggie shelter camcat room camfriends of the aspen animal sheltercontact 






 

facebookinstagram 





 
















the aspen animal shelterdevelopment@kissaneviola.com2024-06-14t19:18:13+00:00 
aspen animal shelterthe aspen animal shelter is a privatized, self-sustaining animal rescue that combines a boarding kennel, a grooming salon and a pet shop to generate the income needed to provide sanctuary for the homeless dogs and cats of aspen, pitkin county and beyond. we shelter the occasional bird and rabbit as well. every homeless pet is neutered, vaccinated and microchipped prior to adoption. we are open every day of the year from 7:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. we welcome and encourage you to visit and socialize with the animals. please call us at 970.544.0206 with questions or comments, or email us at aspenanimalshelter@gmail.com.
pet boutiqueboarding kennelgrooming saloncheck out our adoptable petsadoptable dogs





 




bandit and thorbandit and thor are gorgeous, happy, friendly, 3-year-old siberian husky siblings who get along well with other dogs. due to a severe lack of socialization when they were young, they are initially wary of new people, but are willing and eager to make friends with those who devote time and display patience in order to win their trust. 








 




texastexas is an active, athletic, 3-year-old pit bull mix who gets along great with other dogs. he is initially wary of new people, but warms up once he gets to know you. beyond being wary of new people, texas is territorial  of his people and his property. in short, texas will require an extremely responsible, knowledgeable home.









 




zuzu and petalszuzu and petals are happy, friendly, gentle, sweet, 7-year-old sisters who get along well with everyone. they look like beagle mixes with a possible splash of cattle dog, but we don’t know for sure. zuzu and petals would love to be adopted together.
 








 




bearbear is a large, 6-year-old, rottweiler / lab mix who gets along with people and some other dogs. he is a big boy who doesn’t necessarily understand his size and appearance.  in short, bear’s presence can be intimidating, so he will 100% require a knowledgeable, responsible home.








 




unouno is a 2.5-year-old pit bull mix who is initially a bit apprehensive when meeting new people, but slowly transforms himself into a happy, affectionate companion once he gets to know you. due to his wariness of strangers, uno will require a knowledgeable, responsible home.









 




kodiakkodiak is a 7-year-old siberian husky who gets along well with people and other dogs. in keeping with some common traits of the breed, kodiak is independent and untrustworthy off of the leash.  in short, kodiak will require a responsible, knowledgeable home.
 









 




ninanina is a large, handsome, 4-year-old great pyrenees mix who gets along well with people, but is not 100% trustworthy with other dogs. she will require a responsible, knowledgeable home.








 




irieirie is a quiet, independent, 13-year-old cattle dog who gets along okay with other dogs, but does not seek their companionship. she accepts new people once they have earned her trust, but is not hungry for attention. in short, irie will thrive in a quiet household offering patience and love, allowing irie to be irie, and not forcing her into situations outside of her comfort zone  including, but not limited to, walking through town during christmas,  and/or attending crowded holiday parties 😊








 




roxieroxie is an energetic, playful, 2-year-old pit bull. she is good with people, but is not trustworthy with other dogs. roxie will require a responsible, knowledgeable, active home.








 




bambibambi is a sweet, solid, 5-year-old pit bull mix who gets along well with people and other dogs. she is athletic and playful, but not overwhelming.
 
 
 
 
 








 




mayomayo is a handsome, athletic, 1.5-year-old siberian husky who gets along well with people and other dogs. due to the fact that he is a siberian husky, mayo will require a responsible, knowledgeable, active home. he was born in may of 2023. thus, the name mayo.







 
 





 

 101 animal shelter road
aspen, co 81611
970.544.0206
contact us

 

 


 

 
 
 





		© copyright    |   website by kvd   |   all rights reserved   	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link




















































































go to top




