


corporate events - team building / private party entertainment - they improv





































they improv





entertainmentmurder mystery dinnersmurder mysteriesgala murder mysteriesstraight murder mysteriesambush murder mysteriescharity mysteriesparticipation eventsmix and mingle eventscomedian driven mysteriesteam building mysterieswedding rehearsal dinnerswedding receptionstestimonialsfaqimprov comedystand-up comedygame showsmagic showscharacters
corporate eventscorporate eventscompany partiescorporate offsitesteam buildingteam buildingteam building workshopsconflict resolutionimproving moralenew management staffnewly formed groupsilo mentalityovercoming virtual teamsvirtual team buildingactivitiesmix and minglestestimonialsfaqscorporate trainingcorporate trainingcreativity workshopspresentation skillssales trainingexecutive coachingemotional intelligenceelectronic communicationscustomer service traininghospitality trainingtestimonialsbusiness consultingbusiness consultingvideo productionbrainstormingonline marketingbrand ambassadorsexperiential marketinghr consultingefficiencystructurediversitysafetypersonality assessmentsdysfunctionsmeetings and incentivesemployee activitesconventionskeynote speakers

private partiesprivate partiescorporate eventsholiday partiessweet 16 partiesbar / bat mitzvah partiesbirthday partieswedding partiesanniversariesmix and mingles


about usabout usspecialtiesnewspress releasesnewsletterswhy comedysite mapbookinglinkstestimonials

contact us






they improv
we provide corporate events, training and team building programs along with improv comedy, game shows, stand-up, magic, and murder mystery dinners for entertainment options for company and private parties.
about us
contact us













team building
with programs that can impact conflict resolution, silo mentality, virtual teams, newly formed groups, dealing with new management and improve morale, we help enhance your corporate culture and improve internal group dynamics.









corporate training
we can help with all of your corporate training needs. our programs can be custom designed to any particular need as well as more standard workshops to enhance communication skills, presentation skills, leadership, conflict resolution, sales and other traits that help enhance any company.









business consulting
through discussions we come up with innovative ways to enhance the processes that make your company stronger. we can help with hr, video production, brainstorming, online marketing, brand ambassadors and even experiential marketing. 









company parties
we provide improv comedy, game shows, magic shows and murder mystery dinners to entertain your company party for milestone events, employee and client appreciation, executive retreats, investor relations and lead generation. bring virtual teams together to bond wtih laughter!









private parties
for families and friends getting together, we have private party entertainment that can help make your special occasions even more special. we consult with you to come up with the best options for your group. we have options for groups of under 10 and over 100!









holiday parties
for christmas and other holidays, we put together great entertainment that can help show employees appreciation and enhance the teams that can help the company achieve the success it is looking for.










whether you are looking for a murder mystery dinner show for a corporate event, game show, teambuilding workshops, scavenger hunts, or improv comedy shows for private parties, we are the company to handle your needs.















why comedy
our director found that when people laugh, they become more open to new ideas and more likely to take lessons to heart. this made a company engaged in comedy the perfect vehicle to help everything from small organizations to members of the fortune 500.











we lead the way for murder mystery shows for private parties, banquets and corporate events. with a cast of detectives, quirky suspects and plots customized to each group at a venue of your choosing for a luncheon or dinner show, we will have your group trying to discover whodunit while laughing the night away. for mid-sized groups, we have a team building version called the cambridge solution using the bosses as characters and teams working together to solve the crime. and for smaller groups, we have a game show version where the participants play all the characters in a mix and mingle party designed to get people to talk to each other and have a great time in a no-pressure environment.












our green commitment while ultimately we serve our clients in the way that they require, we work hard to reduce the carbon footprint of any event. we recycle, utilize local talent when preferable, and look to leave places better than we found them. when we do travel, we take pains to reduce our impact on the environment.














improvisational comedy is a great way to have an ensemble entertain your group. catching the lightning in a bottle, you experience moments that can never be repeated because everything is made up in the moment. the audience shares the creative process and can be active participants in the fun.








game shows invite your group to participate more directly through actually coming up on stage, and being put through tv show-styled game shows to compete for not-very-expensive prizes (we wouldn't want anyone unhappy that they didn't win). this includes many of television's more popular shows along with more customized shows for your group. truth be told is an offshoot of a popular british game show for smaller groups that involves competitors defending statements about their past which may or may not be true as the participants get to know each other better. trivia nights, similar to the popular pub games, gets teams to bond with one another and find out more about their coworkers outside of work.








for families, this can take the form of celebrations for weddings, engagements, bachelor and bachelorette celebrations, birthdays, reunions, anniversaries and just about anything else you can think of. for gatherings for children, they have their own birthday needs, sweet 16s, bar and bat mitzvahs, project graduations, after or post proms and holidays that are focused on the kids.





some of our clientsjoin our happy list of customerscontact us email ussome of our clientsjoin our happy list of customerscontact us email ussome of our clientsjoin our happy list of customerscontact us email uspreviousnext












we come to you!
we work with groups that are small, medium and large. we also work with people that are in the city, the suburbs, and that are in more rural areas. it never made sense to get our own facilities. we come to a venue of your choosing and this allows you to make your own food and beverage options. in general, you want enough light to see, enough space to move around comfortably, and it should be quiet enough to hear. everything else can be adjusted to. we also have our insurance in order and can have cois with your venue as an additional insured, if required.











we serve the entire country including all of the major urban centers including miami, boston, new york, chicago, los angeles, san francisco, seattle, las vegas, orlando, tampa, atlanta, phoenix, houston, dallas, new orleans, northern virginia, washington, dc, baltimore, philadelphia and milwaukee as well as practically anywhere else you can think of. we also serve all major tourist destinations for corporate retreats including the florida keys, hilton head, portsmouth, santa barbara, san diego, hawaii, galveston, new orleans, memphis, lake geneva, the hamptons, as well as the bahamas and puerto rico. they're part of the united states, too!








contact us


contact us to learn more
we want to hear from you. call us at 866.219.4386 or email info@theyimprov.com.








some of our clients
we have worked with over half of the fortune 500. these are just a few of our high-profile clients that have improved their business.










































































































































































previous



next











corporate events

company parties

corporate training

business consulting

team building

corporate offsites

employee activities

private parties

specialties

gdpr compliance / privacy policy



al - ak - az - ar - ca - co - ct - de - fl - ga - hi - id - il - in - ia - ks - ky - la - me - md - ma - mi - mn - ms - mo - mt - ne - nv - nh - nj - nm - ny - nc - nd - oh - ok - or - pa - ri - sc - sd - tn - tx - ut - vt - va - wa - wv - wi - wy - dcp-866-219-4386 - e- info@theyimprov.comâ© copyright 2025 they improv - all rights reserved























