






























    kissimmee vacation rental near disney world - orlando fl
  












           
 


 
 florida sunsations vacation rentals

    home


  our rentals

   somerset condo rental


  terra esmeralda townhouse rental




  area info

   attractions


  activities


  dining


  golf courses


  night life


  shopping


  things to do




  contact us










       
 





     

   
  

call us


 
 




   vacation rentals - kissimmee florida


   
 



 
 





   
 you have arrived in the "vacation capital of the world" and you're going to love staying in my luxury, rental properties. you have a choice between my three bedroom, two bath, fully equipped vacation condo within the "villas at somerset"
or my 3 bedroom 2  and half bath townhouse at  the gated "terra esmeralda"  community,  both 
situated close to disneyworld, disney springs and all theme park attractions . the property rentals are located within the resort community of the villas of somerset and terra esmeralda in kissimmee florida. you can go directly to my
virtual tours 
to view the exterior / interior of the condo / townhouse. our
vacation 
rentals﻿

 has a full
kitchen, washer / dryer, 50 inch in living room and 55 inch in master bedroom cable tvs,  blue ray dvd player, wireless internet, a/c, sleeps 4-8 and has plenty of space. you'll find all the necessary cooking utensils and dishes for eight, dishwasher, microwave, electric range / oven, keric and regular coffee makers are available and refrigerator w/ ice maker. 


    the kissimmee vacation condo / townhouse are only approx 15-20 minute drive to disney world's theme parks, including the new toy story and the new star wars: galaxy's edge / rise of the resistance area at hollywood studios and pandora within the animal kingdom,  disney springs, sea world, universal studios 
and the island of adventures theme parks, featuring the wizarding world of harry potter and the new hagrid coaster ride with the kingkong adventure ride,  are all nearby. so have fun in central florida the way most vacationers do, by visiting orlando and it's world of theme parks. there is the new "legoland" theme park
 
located in winter haven, florida which is an added attraction to your florida vacation experience.
 



   

 there are so many vacation activities possible in the central florida, kissimmee and orlando area. there are many resturants and clubs for nightly entertainment activities. there are many fine resturants close to the condo....olive garden, red lobster, kobe steakhouse, golden corral, logan's roadhouse, black angus steakhouse, landry's fine seaford, marcado's japanese steakhouse, del frisco's, charleys steakhouse, benihana,  christini's, flippers pizza and cici's pizza. there are also so many of the best golf courses 
in the world. you'll find plenty of things to do on your florida vacation.


   ,if you're looking for excitement on your next vacation, central florida is the place to be. our theme park roller coasters are guaranteed to make your teen scream! if it's  night life 
you want, you won't have to venture far. hot nightclubs and fine dining 
abound in the orlan do metro area. there is also the orlando science  center and the tampa aquarium in downtown tampa. there is the  seminole hard rock hotel/casino 
for adult entertainment, an hours drive away from kissimmmee. you have your choice to play bingo, blackjack, slots, craps, poker and baccarat, and a sports book to bet on horse racing.... 
 



   

  if it's thrills you want, take the heart-pounding tron thrill ride, mission space ride, fast track and guardians of the galaxy ride
at epcot,  expedition everest and pandora rides at the animal kingdom and the star wars: galaxy's edge / rise of the resistance themes at hollywood studios, or take the whole family for a sun-splashed, action packed day at one of our wild water parks......universal's volcano bay. plan to spend your day in the sun.take a tour by airboat, or on horseback, thru our nature trails, or try an eco-safari at forever florida, a conservation area near holopaw, made up of 4,700 acres of unspoiled florida wilderness. it's educational and fun for the whole family!


   if it's nostalgia you're planning for, wake up and hop on down to kissimmee's old town, where every saturday night you can reminisce with live music 50's style, classic cars, hot rods, and auto antiques that cruise old town every saturday night.come to walt disney world golf complex and play a round on any of five championship courses that have been part of the pga tour tradition for more than 30 years. experience five breathtaking golf courses 
designed by renowned golf pros: eagle pines, lake buena vista, magnolia,
oak trail,
osprey ridge, and palm.
 



   

 take a little time for yourself and relax at our vacation resort pool, with jacuzzi and dry sauna. enjoy the resort facilities at our kissimmee vacation villa. 
play tennis, or work out in our fitness room and use the dry sauna available to all vacationers.  there is also wireless internet access available. this provides our vacationing guests with convenient pool 
side services for your enjoyment. we also provide 2 outside barbecue facilities adjacent to the pool area. if you decide to eat in, then you can shop for supplies at publix, 2 super walmarts and 7-eleven, wawa gas stations which are all a short drive from the condo.






      



   follow us
 contact us


















































































































  
  share by:











