






msi afterburner – seminars & software faq


















































 





















homepage about me
contact me

blog
msi software basics
first steps
finetuning

overclocking
benchmarks
communities





 














a website dedicated to msi afterburner
a website that focuses overclocking and informs readers about the most popular applications.
download the latest version



















what is msi afterburner?
msi afterburner is an overclocking app. overclocking programs are those that make your graphics card perform at a higher than its optimum level. it does so by managing the various components of your system’s gpu like core clock, core voltage, power limit, memory clock and fan speed.






what is it?
msi afterburner has emerged as the most effective tool of its kind, not just for msi graphic cards, but for must such hardware.
learn more






overclocking
overclocking simply means getting components of your computer to perform above levels which are considered optimum.
learn more






alternatives
there are some alternative software that you can use like msi afterburner that you could get as easily and use for the same purpose.
learn more














about the website
the reason i chose to have a website dedicated to msi afterburner is because gaming is fast becoming one of the most popular pastimes among young and even not so young people. in fact, gaming is no longer an activity for kids and teenagers as it was thought to be earlier.
learn more











monitoring your gpu with msi afterburner
while most people regard msi afterburner as a great software for overclocking to boost your gaming experience, it also allows you to closely monitor your gpu’s performance on various parameters.
once the program is installed on your system, all you need to do is open it and you will see an interface with various components to inform about the present state of your gpu.
learn more


streaming series - 2023 edition



hot crazy mess – when dealing with younger girls takes a strange angle. if you are familiar with daddy issues term then you should have no problem recognizing these girls here. while majority of older men are interested in young and attractive girls, large number of them is… a crazy mess. meaning they are interested in older men but as you can imagine this is a no-go zone for men with dignity. are you sure? find out in this exclusive series.







family sinners – the biggest taboo in terms of step family entertainment. watch these story-driven fantasies where step family members engage in complete socially unacceptable indecency. watch really drives desires of stepdaughters, stepmoms and every other family member in here!







sean cody – the benchmark in american gay entertainment. watch the hottest guys from across the pond in the exquisite adventures. finding the hottest talents since 2001!






bratty milf – have you enjoyed bratty sis series, the popular step sister video tube that’s been around for a few years? the guys behind it take it to another level in 2021. this time it’s experienced older women taking the charge. their behavior is bratty but their needs are second to none. they seduce and flirt with young guys who have no clue how to act around them and that’s going to cost them – a few moments of pleasure!







rods room – you won’t be promised something michael vegas can’t deliver. watch the highest quality gay erotica in 2023, captured by the man himself. being an actor for years he knows a thing or two about what’s the essence in this genre. ready to explore the world of male beauty?






lez cuties – the most beautiful european teens in girl on girl actions. watch them discover their inner cravings with other girls. be it a little seduction or full on lesbian action – they sure love to please each other. we have prepared tons of fresh videos in their extended version for free. watch them now and enjoy the most spectacular lesbian series from europe!







haze her – your classic user submitted content of hazing rituals taking place in various us colleges and dorms. watch girls trying to be inside the cool chicks group. but that’s not easy, it takes some mild humiliation first. ready?






twink top – it’s not easy staying a bottom twink for all the time. this is why these boys experiment with some switching. watch them pair up with usual alpha males to show them their, yet to be discovered, top skills. as crazy as it sounds it’s something you need to watch closely. who knows maybe this is something they’ve been craving all time?







dfxtra – be welcomed to the new home of dogfart interracial fun. the content that’s been produced since 1996 is still going strong and thanks to new management it’s bright future in front of it… see what is being prepared!





latest articles




afterburner is the solution to all your gaming computer issues- here’s whygamers searching for that perfect gaming solution for your pc, the afterburner app is the key. with its overclocking programs, it can…
read moreoverclocking, the ultimate help for your graphics cardif you are a gamer or are using graphics-intensive software on your computer, someday or the other you must have faced (or…
read morefine-tuning successfully overclocked gpuonce you have started to successfully overclock, that will ensure that you are overclocking in a completely safe way. while overclocking is…
read moreoverclocking with msi afterburnerif you run software that requires a heavy graphics card which you don’t have, there is one possible solution to your problem….
read moreload more




more information about overclocking
check out the what we have below for more information about overclocking and msi afterburner.





examining effects



for all those engaged in overclocking your graphics card, benchmarking tools is a must-have to make sure that things are going smoothly and you are able to overclock effectively.
benchmarking software’s are easily available online and most of them are free.
learn more





overclockers fraternity



overclocking may have started as a hobby and an experiment among tech geeks but has now become an activity passionately engaged in by pc users across the world.
consequently, a community of overclockers has emerged who connect through the internet and share tips and other types of information about methods of overclocking.
learn more





fine-tuning gpu



once you have started to successfully overclock that will ensure that you are overclocking in a completely safe way.
while overclocking is not as dangerous as it used to be in earlier times, due to the better quality of chips in the market, you must not take too many liberties with your gpu, otherwise you may end up causing serious damage not just to your graphics card but to motherboard.
learn more






get in touch
if you liked and enjoyed the content of this website, do get in touch with me through whichever medium you prefer.
learn more








homepage
blog
about me
contact me
 


 




 


	afterburner | copyright 2018 








































