


















emergency veterinarian in bakersfield, ca | animal emergency and urgent care












































 
















 (661) 322-6019


 4300 easton dr, bakersfield, ca 93309  











menu

home
about

mission statement


employment
new clients

payment policy


services
need a friend?
contact
 














get directions now




call us: (661) 322-6019
get directions














 about us 





 our team 





 get directions 









welcome toanimal emergency and urgent care
the animal emergency & urgent care (aeuc) is a 24-hour auxiliary veterinary facility. we are here for emergency and urgent care needs when your regular veterinary hospital is not open. we are also available anytime day or night for emergencies or urgent care when your regular veterinarian is not able to see you right away.  transporting a pet to aeuc may involve a longer drive than to your neighborhood veterinary hospital, but we will strive to minimize the stress of going to an unfamiliar facility as much as possible.








your emergency veterinarian in bakersfield, ca








 testimonials 



 












		                        			very caring, compassionate. i have been taking my pets here for several years and have no complaints. highly recommend this place for emergency...  read more  

tara h.













		                        			we had to put our dog down and the staff and doctor were so compassionate and very thoughtful of our needs. they were so caring for our dog. they...  read more  

jeanette g.













		                        			they care about your animals love these...  read more  

karie t.













		                        			as busy as the staff was; they were wonderfull, showing and giving care. with the covid19 going on; they were allowing only one person at a time,...  read more  

laura r.







tara h.very caring, compassionate. i have been taking my pets here for several years and have no complaints. highly recommend this place for emergency services.
 

jeanette g.we had to put our dog down and the staff and doctor were so compassionate and very thoughtful of our needs. they were so caring for our dog. they made us feel like family. thank you so much. i highly recommend them for anything.
 

karie t.they care about your animals love these people
 

laura r.as busy as the staff was; they were wonderfull, showing and giving care. with the covid19 going on; they were allowing only one person at a time, staying in car and calling when you got there, then they would call you back for your pet to come in. my lil guy was hurt by another dog and gizmo got pretty messed up. animal emerg. & urgent care is a good place to go!
 



 our location 
 








animal emergency and urgent care

   4300 easton drbakersfield, ca 93309  


  (661) 322-6019 


                                follow us:
                                                                                                        


















 get in touch 


name*phone*email*

messagecaptchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 









 



sitemap | 
                        accessibility | 
                        website by doctor multimedia 





  call us   text us 












skip to content




open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








