

welding, machining, railings, fabricating-hampton, newport news, norfolk












       quick
links - click in box below




about parkway
contact us
directions
services
quoting &
        payments
jobs
links
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




parkway
manufacturing company, inc. 
707
industry drive  
hampton, va
- 23661
 check
out our facebook
page - here.
  







phone -
(757) 896-9712
 












please click on the
      links below to see our capabilities


manufactured parts
      and machinery (index)
architectural projects (index)
repair work
      railings
custom decks (page under
      construction)



.

residential
      porch & deck railings
repair
      work, machinery



facility
      list

commercial
      railings 
safety
      products
material for sale


 







  
        

check
        weather forecast
noaa weather






 

(click flag to 
locate our plant) 

google
        map directions

our
        key
      personnel
and
 contact
        information

tri-fold
        flyer
 

(click the logo for company info)




 

             
              
heavy steel fabrication, manufacturing and machining. precision machine shop and fabrication
 
who we are
    parkway manufacturing and machine shop, hampton va is a local machine shop and
steel, aluminum and stainless fabricator located in hampton virginia. for those not in the area, this means that we serve the tidewater or 
hampton roads area (also known as "southside" and "peninsula"). 
    the southside cities
and communities served are suffolk, chesapeake, portsmouth, norfolk and virginia beach,
va. we also serve 
isle of wight county and  southampton county. 
    on the peninsula
we serve hampton, newport news, williamsburg, james city and york counties as
well as yorktown, grafton, gloucester and matthews county. 
    part of north eastern north carolina
is also located in our local delivery area. including elizabeth city, gates
county and hickory as well as part of the outer banks area of coastal north
carolina.
we currently ship machinery and parts throughout north america (united states, 
canada & mexico)
 
services
available
we have split our business into several divisions in order to serve each 
sector of the available work load.
 
field fabrication:
when required, this division is responsible for the 
installation of our jobs. this division also provides "by the hour" on-site 
contract welding and fabrication. this division gets involved in many local  
ornamental iron and architectural steel projects. we can handle projects as
large as commercial buildings to
a simple porch, deck or stair railing.
fully supported by our 
in-house fabrication team the field fabricators allow us to offer complete 
drawing to finish project support. our field fabrication experts also provide
many on-site repair services.
 
structural fabrication:
this division is responsible for the complete 
fabrication of all  ornamental iron, architectural steel and
 structural steel 
projects that enter the plant. with daily coordination with the field 
fabricators we always have a smooth transition between projects. we also provide
many safety related items such as bollards,
commercial hand rails and curb
guards. our special applications are also handled by this group. they design
and manufacture items like this add on truck
bed.
 
machinery fabrication:
this division's main responsibility is to provide 
fabrications that will be later machined in our machine shop. most of these projects are 
sub-contract items that are a component of another manufacturer's equipment. we 
fabricate  gear boxes,  motor
adaptors,  machinery foundations, brackets and many 
other machinery parts. this division is also responsible for all  prototype 
projects. this division also handles all our machinery
rebuilding and repair work.
 
general machining:
the machining division is responsible for machine shop 
functions such as complete 
machining on items suitable for our machine tools and subcontract machining for 
items too large for our equipment. they also provide pre-machining support for 
the fabrication divisions.
 
contract steel, aluminum and other metals processing:
this division provides all the  contract torch
cutting,  
plasma cutting, plate rolling and bar sawing. we are used by many local machine 
shops as a  source for low volume processed plate and bar
stock. this division is 
responsible for producing our  abrasion resistant wear
plates. these wear plates 
are used in  concrete mixers and in concrete batch plants.
 
drafting
and design: 
we have both  traditional and
 autocad
based systems in house. for more complex projects we have a list of vendors we
have used and trust.
 


cad
/cam 
computer-controlled  gantry

flame and 

plasma cutting, machine shop,
welding, 

tig welding,

mig welding,
a36 steel 

ar steel 
 ar500, ar400, ar235 (abrasion resistant steel),  cutting,
grinding fabrication, 

precision machining
ornamental architectural bollards truck
racks ladder racks bicycle racks 
plant stands 

heavy steel machinery foundations for indoor or outdoor 
installation curb angles
heavy equipment custom tools,
gantry precision flame and plasma 
computer-aided steel and aluminum cutting,
heavy-duty special purpose cement mixers and 
precision engineered equipment, motor 
lanterns naval and marine equipment, 
 
abrasion resistant wear plates
our wear plates are custom manufactured to your drawing or sample part. we 
stock and manufacture ar235, ar400f & ar500 abrasion resistant steels. we stock 
both 3/8" and 5/8" thick plates in both grades. our torch and plasma cutting is 
cnc controlled. this enables us to keep your plate configuration available for 
use again and provide the identical product every time. for chute and mixer wall 
plates we can custom roll up to 1/2" thick x 48" wide.
our engineering department can plan your part from an 
emailed autocad file. we can work with .dwg or.dxf drawings. if an approval 
drawing is needed we can provide that as well.
we currently provide shipping throughout the united states, canada & mexico. 
we can use your preferred carrier or ours. we can ship prepaid and add to your 
invoice or ship collect.
please take the time to email a sketch or drawing. we will provide a 
prompt estimate including delivery costs and dates. our email is - info "at" parkwaymfg "dot" com. 
(we can handle email receipt of very large autocad files.)
********************************
machinery foundations
we manufacture machinery foundations, both simple and complex, to your 
drawings.
some of the simple foundations can be made from a sketch or description. an 
example is "pump mounting plate" 2.25" finish thickness, 24" square with a 
centered clearance hole 16" in diameter. include four anchor holes, one on each 
corner, 7/8" in diameter. include four pump mounting holes, centered on the 
sides, 5/8"-11 tapped through. one face must be machined flat within 0.010" the 
mounting holes are set in 1-1/2" from each side and the pump mounting holes are 
on a 18" bolt circle. a simple sketch will insure a correct part.
we can email back an approval drawing if needed.
a complex drawing can be emailed in autocad .dwg or .dxf format. we 
manufacture complex fabrications using structural quality astm a-36 and astm 
a-500 material. our welding is to astm d1.1 we can provide a certificate if 
needed. we also can provide typical material certs if needed. our machinery 
division fabricators are experienced in maintaining most flatness and 
dimensional requirements.
we can provide pricing and delivery quotes for fabrication only or complete 
parts.
please take the time to email a sketch or drawing. we will provide a 
prompt estimate including delivery costs and dates. our email is - info"at"parkwaymfg"dot"com.  (we can handle 
email receipt of very large autocad files.)
we have many other 
special services which we can provide.  email or call.
 
quote
policy
our work is quoted at a competitive cost. we offer several ways to price your 
job. we can quote a rate to complete your job on a time & material (t&m) basis. 
we can provide you with a written estimate based on your sketches and drawings. 
we can provide a "not to exceed" estimate based on the current design of your 
job. all quotes expire after 30 days unless a longer time is agreed on at the 
time of quoting.
payment
terms 
we accept master card, visa, american express and discover card as well as 
cash and check. we will set up charge accounts for our regular customers, with 
"net 30 days" terms, after credit approval. 
  
directions
to our location
view larger map
 
parkway mfg. is located at 707
industry drive in hampton, virginia in the copeland industrial park
and close to interstate 664.
 
from portsmouth, chesapeake, take i-264 or i-64 get on i-664 north toward newport news 
and hampton va.
cross the monitor merrimac bridge. get off at the aberdeen road exit and make a
left at the bottom of the ramp. take aberdeen road to 60th street and turn
right. the next left is industry drive. parkway manufacturing and precision 
machine shop is on the left before the ryder
truck rental.  
 
from downtown suffolk, take us 58 to
i-664 north to newport news and hampton va, then follow the norfolk, portsmouth, chesapeake, and virginia beach 
instructions to parkway manufacturing inc.
 
from norfolk or virginia beach either
take the interstates to i-664 and follow the above directions or take i-64 west
thru the hampton roads bridge tunnel and then i-664 south, toward newport news 
and hampton va. get off i-664 at
aberdeen road and turn north (toward mercury blvd.) at the bottom of the ramp. take aberdeen to 60th
street and turn right. industry drive is the next left and parkway manufacturing
inc. is on the left
before the ryder truck rental.
 
from richmond, newport news, hampton, 
williamsburg, or yorktown, take i-264 east to newport news and hampton va to 
i-664 south, then follow the directions from norfolk to parkway manufacturing,
inc. 
 

(09/30/2020
ws) 
 visitors  


 (since jan 2004)

parkway manufacturing, inc.
707 industry drive
 hampton, virginia
- 23661
owner 
and manager:
 barbara mastej

phone - (757) 896-9712
 
examples of some of our services include:  



heavy steel
    manufacturing and sub-contract manufacturing.
motor
    lanterns, machinery foundations, "c" face motor adapters.
brackets,
    braces, supports, adapters

functional
    & decorative  architectural & ornamental "wrought
    iron" design and installation.
porch,
    deck & stair railings.

precision
    and general machining.

contract
    torch and plasma arc cutting.
field
    welding and repair services.
machine
    rebuilding

dock
    leveler installation.

miscellaneous
    structural manufacturing. 
hvac
    equipment supports, mezzanine, cat walks, access stairs
manufacturing
    and installation of protective bollards and curb guards.
manufacturing
    and installation of truck racks, ladder racks & custom truck beds

manufacturing
    and sales of bicycle racks, 
plant stands, fireplace log racks, "wrought iron" picnic table frames


examples of some of our processes include:  


cad/cam 
computer-controlled gantry flame and plasma cutting

lathe
    work (turning, facing boring and threading)

milling
    work (face, side and end milling)

drill
    press work, precision and radial drilling

welding,
    mig, tig and shielded metal arc (smaw or "stick") welding

sheet
    metal shearing and bending. both box & pan and press brake work

plate
    rolling

ar steel
    fabricating (abrasion resistant steel)

saw
    cutting

cnc
    torch & plasma cutting

custom
    design

electrical,
    hydraulic and mechanical assembly

on
    site welding and repair 

we have many other 
special needs services which we can provide.  just ask, by calling or
sending an email.
return to home page

top of this page
 
parkway manufacturing, precision fabrication
and machine shop is located in hampton virginia (va) and serves all of southeast
virginia and northeast north carolina, including: all of tidewater va, virginia
beach va. norfolk va. chesapeake va. newport news va. portsmouth va. hampton va.
yorktown va.  suffolk va. williamsburg va. richmond, va. elizabeth city nc,
and jacksonville nc. (north carolina)
as well as all of north america, (usa &
canada)

( http://www.parkwaymfg.com
http://www.twosteptidewater.com
http://www.willharper.com
http://www.hyperlearn.com http://www.unityren.com
http://www.niman-meyers.com
http://www.gtechnetworks.com )
 

 

this page was last changed on - 
09/30/2020

 
this
website is recommended by abacus
construction index


