



















































peace — livejournal





































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































kaliceum
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














kaliceum







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement





 
peace

about
a meeting of the souls


profile
kaliceum


page summary
 [#] (no subject)  [#] (no subject)  [#] remote viewing  [#] the power of colors  [#] pleadians  [#] for urantia web based  [#] (no subject)  [#] feeling good  [#] on foollishness  [#] peace 


navigation
recent entriesarchivefriendsprofile previous page


february 2009
12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728






feb. 6th, 2009 @ 02:54 am 





the hypotheses of cosmic voyagecosmic voyage: a scientific discovery of extraterrestrials visiting earth. 1996. new york: dutton. (also in paperback: onyx, and in five languages with various publishers.)note: as indicated by the publication date of the book, all hypotheses listed below are based on remote-viewing data collected years before any confirmatory data from traditional sources (if any) were available.primary hypotheses relating to marscv1. mars was once warm enough to support life.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	commentsx     confirmed by both satellite and rover data.cv2. mars once had a thick atmosphere and sufficient liquid water to support life.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	commentsx     confirmed by both satellite and rover data. the data supporting the case for oceans of liquid water on mars are no longer in serious dispute.cv3. at least microbial life once existed on mars.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments  x     nasa says "yes." others doubt.cv4. intelligent life once lived on mars.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments  x     newly available photographic evidence of this appears quite strong. carefully consider this section's "links of note" below.cv5. the intelligent life that once lived on mars evolved into a complex civilization at its peak.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments  x     newly available photographic evidence of this appears quite strong. carefully consider this section's "links of note" below.cv6. martian civilization (at its peak) appears to have been roughly equivalent to that of egypt 3000 years ago.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments     x   newly available photographic evidence of this is suggestive only. carefully consider this section's "links of note" below.cv7. the martian atmospheric and planetary environment was destroyed by an encounter with one or more extraterrestrial bodies such as an asteroid.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments  x      current satellite evidence suggests that multiple extraterrestrial bodies impacted the planet. the remote-viewing data suggests (perhaps incorrectly) that one such encounter may have been a near-miss that disrupted the atmosphere. there is currently no means of knowing how many encounters of this type may have affected the martian ecosystem, or if some were near misses while others impacted the planet. but the basic idea that mars was a habitable world until an encounter with an extraterrestrial body is consistent with both satellite evidence and the remote-viewing data.cv8. some technologically advanced life remains on mars in underground shelters.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments     x   see the links below under "links of note," especially noting the photographs of the so-called "tubes of mars." if there are current inhabitants of mars, it is not clear what the relationship is between these inhabitants and those of ancient days.cv9. surviving martian culture has interplanetary transportation capabilities, and has access to hidden retreats on earth.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments     x    links of note:    * have you examined some of the interesting anomalies that have been photographed on the surface of mars?    * in particular, consider this analysis of a european space agency photo of hale crater on mars. does this look like the remains of foundations of buildings from an ancient city?    * have you looked at the seemingly unnatural straight, parallel, and perpendicular lines in this nasa cydonia image? what do you think this is?primary hypotheses relating to greyscv10. the greys exist as a physical extraterrestrial species.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments   x     see this section's "link of note" below.cv11. the greys have technologies capable of interstellar travel and are visiting earth.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments  x      see this section's "link of note" below.cv12. the greys have technologies capable of time travel.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments    x     cv13. the greys destroyed the habitability of their originating planet through wanton abuse of their environment, much as humans are doing today to earth.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments    x     cv14. the greys long ago modified their own genetic makeup to dampen their emotionality, which they blamed for leading them to destroy their home planet's environment.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments    x     cv15. the greys were involved in genetic engineering experiments (now completed) assisted by human volunteers to help the greys re-establish a healthy balance of emotionality in their thinking processes.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments    x    this is a complex issue. read the book.cv16. grey society is composed of three general branches, each of which has interstellar traveling capabilities. the separate branches represent more or less distinct levels of evolution for the species.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments    x    this is a complex issue. read the book.cv17. the greys are a peaceful culture.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments    x    this is a complex issue. read the book.link of note:    * have you heard or read about the disclosure project run by steven greer, m.d.?    * have you listened to former astronaut edgar mitchell talk about the extraterrestrials?primary hypotheses relating to earth and the mooncv18. humans eventually destroy the environment of earth.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments    x    but things are not looking good with global warming threatening a planetary meltdown. there is also the possibility of alternate timelines, one in which humans do destroy the planet's environment, and another in which they do not.cv19. as humanity slips into a mad max scenario, earth's elite eventually hunker down into fortified shelters, largely underground.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments    x     cv20. human's eventually begin a long-term reclamation project for earth that lasts hundreds of years. these descendents of current humanity are ferociously angry at the greed that grips our current leaders and that is now leading to the demise of our planet and civilization.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments    x     cv21. after reclaiming much of earth's environment, wizened humans eventually leave the planet in significant numbers and become a space-faring interstellar civilization.confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments    x     cv22. at least one extraterrestrial base exists on the far side of the moon (opposite the side facing the earth).confirmeddefinitively	stronglysupportiveevidence 	not yetconfirmed 	provenfalse 	comments    x    but what did the u.s. department of defense "smudge out" (probably using a program like photoshop) in this photo?
(leave a comment)




feb. 6th, 2009 @ 02:50 am 





a long-term "renegade" experiment ....the ideas presented in these speculative nonfiction books certainly appear outrageous at first glance. maybe they are. but the world is often much stranger than we allow ourselves to imagine. if you are intellectually curious and truly willing to pursue possible ideas wherever they may lead, then you might want to follow the hypotheses presented in these volumes and the slowly developing evidence that either confirms or destroys them. if it turns out that the perceptions and hypotheses presented in these volumes are false, then we have learned an important lesson, which is that remote viewing cannot be reliably utilized to explore such esoteric realms. but if any of the primary perceptions and hypotheses turn out to be correct, we will have initiated an intellectual revolution of science and society the likes of which have never before been seen on this planet.forget the censors. be curious. this is fun! it is also free.cosmic voyage by courtney browncosmic voyage: a scientific discovery of extraterrestrials visiting earth.new york: dutton. (also in paperback: onyx, and in five languages with various publishers.) published 1996. cosmic explorers by courtney browncosmic explorers: scientific remote viewing, extraterrestrials, and a message for mankind.new york: dutton. (also in paperback: signet.) published 1999.
(leave a comment)



remote viewing

feb. 6th, 2009 @ 02:49 am 





published in 2005 (revised may 2006) by farsight press (atlanta).from the book jacket:remote viewing by courtney brownremote viewing is the mental ability to perceive and describe places, persons, or events at distant locations in the past, present, and future. the reality of the remote-viewing phenomenon is not in dispute among a large body of respected researchers — both inside and outside of academia — who have published an extensive collection of high-quality investigations over the past few decades. but profound mysteries remain. remote viewing: the science and theory of nonphysical perception breaks new ground by resolving some of remote-viewing's greatest enigmas. in these pages, new research and new theories explain why remote viewing works.these investigations utilize remote-viewing methods that are derivative of those used for decades in well-documented u.s. government funded psi research sponsored by the central intelligence agency (c.i.a.) and the defense intelligence agency (d.i.a.). filled with descriptions and analyses of highly original experiments, this volume presents evidence which identifies the mental mechanism that allows an individual to perceive and describe a distant target that is not accessible to the physical processes of hearing, touch, sight, taste, and smell. controlling for the behavioral characteristics of this mechanism now allows remote viewing to be performed with greatly improved reliability. this also leads to a better understanding of "associative remote viewing," a complex process that is required in any attempt to use remote viewing to predict numerical information, including stock market fluctuations and lottery numbers.crucially, here is an investigation into the fascinating characteristics of time using remote viewing as a tool of exploration, offering evidence that the past, present, and future truly exist simultaneously. the idea of differing future and past time lines is not just science fiction.this research addresses the physics of psi functioning, integrating what we already know about cosmology and quantum mechanics with what we now know about remote viewing. ultimately, this volume explains why all these new scientific revelations fundamentally affect our understanding of spirituality. the significance of the remote-viewing phenomenon to our understanding of human existence potentially rivals the significance of any previous discoveries in the history of science. this is "paradigm busting" science, and it seems destined to fundamentally challenge our most basic assumptions of the inner workings of physical reality.hear what others are saying aboutremote viewing: the science and theory of nonphysical perception"remote viewing is very relevant for academic inquiry. indeed brown's book should become a classic in the years to come, studied by the future students of this subject. he writes so clearly as to make it accessible to prospective university and college programs. brown's book heralds the beginnings of the academic study of subjectivism or subjective physics. as such it directly pertains to quantum physics, particularly the interpretations of writers and researchers like me, goswami, stapp, josephson, walker, hameroff and penrose and many others who find that consciousness and quantum physics are intimately related. his notion of 'subspace' is particularly relevant, and physicists should be interested in his discussion."— fred alan wolf, ph.d., physicist, national book award winning author of taking the quantum leap, the yoga of time travel , mind into matter, and parallel universes: the search for other worlds."this book will serve as a standard reference for anyone interested in the subject of remote viewing and its potential revolutionary impact on our understanding of the nature of reality. brown is in good company with all those leading scientists who share his vision."— kyriacos c. markides, ph.d., professor of sociology, university of maine, author of the mountain of silence: a search for orthodox spirituality."remote viewing has now entered the public consciousness with a vengeance. (a google search yields more than 326,000 references.) amidst all the hype and dubious claims, courtney brown has given us a serious scientific book that not only demonstrates the reality of remote viewing but goes beyond that to provide a set of creative hypotheses and experiments about its underlying properties. while brown does not shy away from discussions of quantum physics and mathematical models, he structures the book so that the reader can skip these details and still follow the argument. both the lay public and active researchers in anomalous phenomena will find this book a source of creative and exciting ideas about psychic functioning and the nature of the physical universe that must, perforce, permit it to operate."— daryl j. bem, ph.d., professor of psychology, cornell university, author of (with c. honorton) "does psi exist? replicable evidence for an anomalous process of information transfer." psychological bulletin, 1994, 115, 4-18."remote viewing, the psychoenergetic process with the best track-record for replicability, has reached an important level of scholarly maturation with professor courtney brown's latest book, remote viewing. it is an excellent contribution to this specific area of research and to the newly appreciated field of psychoenergetic science in general."— william tiller, ph.d., former professor of materials science, stanford university, and author of science and human transformation: subtle energies, intentionality, and consciousness."it is very refreshing to see the subject of remote viewing treated like science instead of seance. the work of courtney brown in this respect will hopefully herald a new attitude toward this most useful and amazing human ability."— lyn buchanan, remote viewer and unit trainer for the u.s. military's stargate remote-viewing unit, director of problems solutions innovations (a remote-viewing educational organization), and author of the seventh sense: the secrets of remote viewing as told by a "psychic spy" for the u.s. military.table of contentslist of tableslist of figurespreface (revised may 2006)    * the history of the book manuscript    * some special people    * a note of caution regarding the media    * where we are nowchapter 1. the open mind    * what is remote viewing?    * scientific remote viewing    * proof versus process    * the legitimacy of doubt    * the history of remote viewing    * my own background in remote viewing    * how to place the contribution of this book    * the structure of this research chapter 2. a theoretical perspective of scientific remote viewing    * the subspace hypothesis    * overcoming the low-bandwidth limitation    * the remote-viewing process    * shifting the awareness of the physical/subspace interface    * subspace "thinking"    * the remote-viewing experience    * “closing” the session    * the experimental conditionschapter 3. cross-cutting psi channels in remote viewing    * current research background    * the breakthrough    * the new experimental design    * results    * session clarity and the “switched” sessions    * a theory of focused perception    * a conceptual model of remote-viewing perception    * appendix to chapter 3chapter 4. the question of time: the alpha project    * the alpha experiment    * project limitations    * results    * conclusion    * appendix to chapter 4chapter 5. the repeated trial problem: the lottery revisited    * session analysis machine (sam)    * the target pool and straining the sessions    * collecting the remote-viewing data    * comparing the remote-viewing data with the target data    * testing sam    * the results of the full lottery test    * what makes a target a target?    * appendix to chapter 5chapter 6. a public demonstration of scientific remote viewing    * the design of the demonstration experiments    * closing a session revisited    * the criteria for the targets    * results    * the objective statistical analysis    * experiment #1: twa flight 800 crash/event    * experiment #3: the assassination of abraham lincoln    * experiment #4: the battle of gettysburg    * experiment #6: the eiffel tower    * experiment #7: the white house    * experiment #8: the battle between the bon homme richard and the hms serapis    * experiment #9: mount everest    * experiment #10: the leaning tower of pisa    * experiment #11: the uss missouri    * experiment #12: the edge of the polar plateau    * experiment #14: the eruption of mt. vesuvius    * experiment #15: the statue of liberty    * summary    * appendix i to chapter 6    * appendix ii to chapter 6    * test #1: basic counts and a chi-square test    * interpretation of the chi-square statistic    * test #2: the russell procedure    * test #3: correspondence and correlation    * statistical evaluations for public experiment #12chapter 7. modeling the subspace perceptual focus    * an example with a two-target attractor    * appendix to chapter 7chapter 8. remote viewing, cosmology, and quantum mechanics    * experiential cosmology    * the two-slit experiment    * entanglement    * pulling things together with a simplified heuristic model    * planck’s wave    * the meaning of determinism    * brown’s rule    * world lines, relativity, and the propagation of eventschapter 9. a theory of mind    * subspace psychology    * alternative perspectives of the human subspace aspect    * of time and free will    * the human conditionappendix to volume: how to construct a target for a public demonstration of remote viewing    numbered aspectsglossaryreferencesindexyou can freely download the table of contents, the preface, chapter 1, and the index of this book. click on the download button and your browser will automatically open up adobe reader (version 5 or greater). you will need to save these pages from the book from within your web browser after it finishes downloading. (click "file" and then "save.")you can also purchase the entire book.
(leave a comment)



the power of colors

jan. 28th, 2009 @ 10:20 pm 





colorswhite: a balance of all colors, effective for spiritual enlightenment, purification, protection, cleansing, clairvoyance, healing, truth seeking; rituals involving lunar energy; may be substituted for any other candle coloryellow: activity, creativity, drawing, pulling, compelling, and unity. yellow brings the power of concentration and imagination to a successful ritual: used in rituals when you wish to gain another's confidence or persuade someone or in rituals that require solar energy.gold: fosters understanding and attracts the power of cosmic forces; beneficial in rituals intended to bring about fast money or richespink: promotes romance and friendship; standard color for rituals intended to bring affection; a color of femininity, honor, service; brings friendly, lively conversation to a dinner table.orange: charges and recharges intellect; combine with any other candle to stimulate their actions; for rituals stipulating mercuryturquoise: healing, prosperity, peace, and growthpeach: strength, protection, confidence, and communicationrose: maintaining health, patience, passion, and peaceorchid: physical energy, happiness, power, and healingviolet: spirituality, friendship, relaxation, and peacechartreuse: confidence, prosperity, travel, and growthred: health, passion, love, fertility, strength, courage, will power; increases magnetism in rituals; draws aries and scorpio energysilver: removes negativity and encourages stability; helps develop psychic abilities; attracts the influence of the mother goddess.purple: power, success, idealism, psychic manifestations; ideal for rituals to secure ambitions, independence, financial rewards, or to make contact with the spiritual other world; increase neptune energymagenta: combination of red and violet that oscillates on a height frequency; energizes rituals where immediate action and high levels of power or spiritual healing are required.brown: earthly, balanced color; for rituals of material increase; eliminates indecisiveness; improves powers of concentration, study, telepathy; increases financial success; locates objects that have been lost.indigo: color of inertia, stops situations, or people. indigo is used in rituals that require a deep meditation state or in rituals that demand saturn energy.royal blue: promotes laughter and joviality; color of loyalty; use to attract jupiter energy, or whenever and influence needs to be increased.light blue: spiritual color; helpful in devotional or inspirational meditations; brings peace and tranquility to the home; radiates aquarius energy; employ where a situation must be synthesized.blue: primary spiritual color; for rituals to obtain wisdom, harmony, inner light, or peace; confers truth and guidance.emerald green: important component in venusian's rituals; attracts love, social delights and fertility.dark green: color of ambition, greed and jealousy; counteracts these influences in a ritual.green: promotes prosperity, abundance, and success; stimulates rituals for good luck, money, harmony, rejuvenation.gray: neutral color, useful when pondering complex issues during meditation; in magic, this color often sparks confusion; it also negates or neutralizes a negative influence.black: opens up the deeper levels of the unconscious; use in rituals to induce a deep meditation state, or to banish evil or negativity as in uncrossing rituals; attracts saturn energy.* animal correspondences* astral-color correspondences* candle color correspondences* color correspondences* day correspondences* elemental correspondences* herbal correspondences* lunar correspondences* number correspondences* planetary correspondencesbookmark and share
(leave a comment)



pleadians

jan. 27th, 2009 @ 08:44 pm 





a pleiadian messagewe come in love to help you rememberby lia shapiro choosing your truth      it is good to gather, absorb and reflect.  this is how you learn.  your soul growth will be determined by your observations, your actions and reactions.  thus, it is good to be enthusiastic and ever mindful in your search for truth, knowledge and light.  we come to offer you truth and help you in your quest, although you must understand that there will be much that you will not be able to fully comprehend at this moment in time.  we give you answers in bits and pieces.  you may take it as your truth if you would like.  understand, please, that in all our messages to you, we expand the information as we go.  know that truth is something, which is like a pebble thrown into a pond.  it ripples outwardly growing larger and larger until eventually you are able to see clearly the ever widening circles that make up the whole pattern.     you perceive truth according to where you are.  this is why there often seems to be so many different belief systems.  know that what you are doing is actually buying into one of these systems.  so, what are we saying and what exactly is truth?  let us offer more insight, if you will.  it is time now for you to understand that all of what anyone says is true...or some of it is true...or none of it is true.  choose whichever you like.  know that if your frequency is tuned to that truth, then it will be true for you.     whole groups can find the same purpose and truth at once.  they all are vibrating to that frequency.  they can make the same thought or parts of the thought their reality.  there are many that do not understand that ultimate truth is finding out that you yourselves choose your path, your perspective, and your circumstances.  you choose your very lives.  you choose your destiny and your ending as well.  whatever you choose to believe becomes your very own personal reality.believing in your beliefs     belief systems are important.  without them life has no texture or spiritual meaning, and life does consist of the spiritual.  we all originate in a realm outside of the one we think we do, and that place is vital to who we are.     what one believes is truth for him, another believes is truth for her.  this is why humans squabble and fight such as they do.  each one is consumed and lives completely in their own little universe.  we might add that it can get very lonely in there.  this is what we see, that humans can suffer greatly from this affliction.  many of you struggle with physical existence, reaching out as you grope for answers, for people, for connections, always trying to comprehend and understand.   you may spend much time attempting to find those you feel the same vibration with.     if the many layers of reality could be observed, they would be seen as stacked one on top of another like an eternal pile of pancakes.  think of time as the syrup seeping through and eventually saturating the pancakes.  time is not actually as you perceive it, but is only a human made commodity.  it is an attempt to organize physical existence into a cohesive pattern so that you may function with some sort of order.  it is this order that you have turned into linear time.      the essence of who you are is indeed spirit, and spirit is, for a lack of a better word, frequency.  we, also, are spirit, as all living creations are, yet we exist in another time.  understand, please, that although we exist in another time, we are also a part of you.  we are one and the same.  there are many of us here and we speak to those of you who are a part of us.  that is why you recognize our voice.  we are of the light and we filter down through time to speak to you in this way.  you hear us and see us all the time.      understand that articles and books are not really necessary to enlighten you as to your condition, although many of you find it quick and easy.  perhaps you trust another's knowledge more than your own, and you are spared from having to find the answers in your own mind.  instead, you will easily see what you need on the pages.  this is perfectly fine.  it is a way for you to learn and grow.  we just wanted to point out that if you found yourself without books and magazines or people, that you could find the answers within yourself.  you will know and find what you need in various places, but it will be in your heart when you know that you have found your own personal truth.  learning to expand yourself     your knowledge and awareness have been expanded.  by now, you have read what we as well as others have told you.  although you have learned, still you may not fully and totally comprehend it.  this is natural, because the information we impart to you is certainly of an elevated nature, and you must grasp it with a mind that is not completely opened up yet to a higher dimension.  this is why it is also important to go within yourself and to search for your own answers.       in the meantime, do not hesitate to go back and read and reread as many times as you need to.  this is one way to absorb what you need in order to expand your awareness and the knowledge of your light.  you may find that you must often read, over and over again, those things, which come to you from a higher dimension.  do not be disturbed that you cannot remember it all, but know that your spirit is taking it in and is growing and expanding.  you are increasing the awareness of yourself as you spread out into eternity.  the knowledge that you gain will indeed increase the frequency of the whole.  this is what we must all strive for.      understand that spirit, or god, if you prefer, does not stand above you on a cloud looking down.  no, spirit does not function as this, nor does spirit exist in a particular time, but seeps like the syrup into all times, or into all areas of perceived realities.  spirit lives within you, and in the very essence of all life, therefore, know that you are not an individual entity who is separated and stands alone, but that you are one and the same with spirit.     perhaps you have been taught that you are indeed a sinful creature who must ask the forgiveness of god before you can be whole again.  we tell you that you are already forgiven because there is nothing to forgive.  the god you believe in lives inside of you.  god is you, and you are god! remembering what you know     if you feel that you are a separate entity apart from god, know that indeed your existence is different because god projects through time into all realities.  when you feel the aloneness, the separation, it is because god reaches into the far distance future and expresses there.  the lonely disconnected feeling is only that of wanting to reach back into the core of himself and pulling everything back in.  do not be confused when we use the term "himself."  words are only human language.  there is really no language to express or describe things unseen.  with a smile, we tell you that we do our best.  at this point, we would also like to tell you we prefer to choose the word spirit rather than god.  this is because spirit best describes something new, whereas you will equate god with all that you have learned previously in your life.     spirit encompasses all that is.  spirit lives within you and does not reside outside of yourself.  spirit expresses as male and female.  know that you have been both.  within you lies the secret to all things for you have been all things, and you know all things.  you know what it feels to be male and you know what it feels to be female.  you know what the trees are.  you know what the animals and birds feel, for you have been those things as well.  now it is time to recall and gather into yourself what you know.  it is time to exist in that knowing.  if you are cruel to an animal, you will know what it feels like to be that animal.  there is order to all things and a lesson to be had in the spiritual scheme of things.      you contain the brilliance of a powerful library, yet you do not know or understand this yet.  you access only minute and limited amounts of information, yet you contain all that spirit knows, because you are spirit.  why must it be that you do not remember all that you are?  we have come to help you remember, but know that in the grand plan, all things will take place in due time and when it is suppose to.  we do not bring another religion or pose as gods.  think of us as foreigners from another land, only here to help you. knowing that you are spirit     on human relations, we say to you that most of you will not or have not fully connected to the divine source, so how is it that you can possibly connect to one another at a human level?  divine connection is vital in that this is really the only way you will connect successfully with another.  in connecting with spirit, you connect with yourself, and so it is that you connect with others.  we are all linked together, only because we exist as one and the same, which streams forth from the spirit.  unless you are divinely connected, you will not be able to connect properly with another outside of the main source.  the main source is the original creator, the spirit with which you emanate from.     we want to speak to you now of various beings.  this is an important subject, as you are sitting there reading words that have come to you from another dimension.  you, yourself are a being.  we are beings.  we must say there is quite an assortment of beings, not only upon earth, but spread across every time zone throughout eternity.  we may call ourselves aliens, or you may call us aliens, but in actuality, you are just as much of an alien to us as we are to you.  alien only means a foreigner in a strange land, and so if used in that way, we are indeed aliens.      in the true sense of all that we are, it is only fair to tell you that aliens are nonexistent, in that you believe time exists in a linear fashion.  to explain this further, if time was linear, meaning that it traveled in a straight line, we would be born in a certain time zone, then die and return to that which we came.  as it is now, we are not born, only to die and never return to life again.  we are born and we die, again and again, and it is happening in rapid succession.  understand that one day, you will be us in the future, and we have been you.  reduced to simpler terms, or more complex, however you see it, there is no past and no future.  we exist at once, all in the now.     it is with this, that we have come like foreigners in a strange land, knowing you, but yet unknown to you.  we come in love.  we come with a message.  we come, bringing hope, as we show you a way to evolve.  it is our desire to help those of you that are willing and ready to be helped.  it is our intention to help evolve the human species, for the time is now.  your reality is rapidly accelerating….all that you know will be translated into light sooner than you think.the end©2002 lia shapiro - published in the "sedona journal of emergence!" april, 2000
(leave a comment)


other entries


» for urantia web based

http://www.theurantiaboard.com/forums/showthread.php?p=9847#post9847 join date: jan 2009posts: 6urano is on a distinguished roadfear/confused/based religionsthe fears and the confusion created by most man-based religions are legion, and man suffers not only because of inherent ignorance, but by personal deviation from what is perfect and absolute.there's a famous analogy about a man who had lost a watch, and as many others came around to help him find it, one among the crowd asked impromptu:"where did you lose it?"the owner of the watch said "over there"!pointing to some trees at a short distance.-"then why have we been looking under this lamp only?-"well.... because it's too dark over there".this is a short version, but you get the gist of it.the bible has great pearls of wisdom from genesis to revelation, and besides being a great moral compass, it is the record of the best pieces of wisdom and a glimpse into the lives of the wisest thinkers of all time, but the same goes for great books like the bhagavad gita, the maharamayana, and the upanishads, plus many, many more.when we look for guidance-- obviously we go to where there is light, but this is not always where we find the truth, or the complete knowledge we so anxiously seek.once a piece of scripture has been interpreted by those looking under the "light", it has been poisoned, like milk that was previously touched by a serpent. the scripture is basically good and wholesome but only before being "interpreted" by those who have something to gain .what we know inherently as "the word of god", in most cases is what the local preacher has told us it is, or what we have been hearing many others say it is, but never what the pure word was in the first place.the same piece of scripture may mean one thing to you someday, and years later it may mean something else, this does not mean the earliest one was false but that the message or phrase is flexible according to our present understanding and personal growth.why?we crave and need complete facts, perfect masters, and righteous leaders. why? because we all have been made in the perfect image and likeness of god.we need perfection.that craving for totality, is in our spiritual dna at all times, and even there since birth.when we think of brainwashing--- images may come to us of shock treatments, or card tricks, or folks with an empty stare walking half-sleeping somewhere to commit a crime they wont remember after, and though that is not deniable(hipnotism), the present situation we all have in in urantia is very similar, yet more subtle.as milk is complete in itself and nothing need be added to it.pure messages and written words in the scriptures need no purport or any kind, neither by personal interpretation by priests or gurus.while many have deviated from the right path(tuning to spirit) by joining some strange cult, others have also missed the mark by joining a well- established one, or a greatly respected religious institution. in the end it is because we fear. we have been taught this fear, and fear is not a good guide to your heart.the urantia books gives us facts, because it is understandable we need them, and unless we get the right ones, we will subscribe to anything false that appears right for the time at hand, such as astronomical "facts" or religious "truths".god gave us the urantia book because every evolved planet should get a manual of itself (from above,not below, from truth and not speculation) and the evolved mentality of the citizens deserve to know the facts, because without facts we drown in empty speculation, and continue to argue over trifles.what is more important is to know yourself, and to love everyone as your own self. till we can do that we can entertain ourselves with the gifts that are given to us freely by our superior masters.go god!!edit/delete message
jan. 26th, 2009 @ 11:53 pm

(leave a comment)

» (no subject)

joined: 08 jan 2009posts: 71location: massachusetts postposted: tue jan 13, 2009 3:25 am    post subject: greatest books of all time (for me) 	reply with quote edit/delete this postmy listshrimad bhagavatamvasisthas yogathe essene gospel of peacethe aquarian gospel of jesus the christthe urantia bookthe magic of mindcarlos castaneda's (many)tha ramayanai am that (nisargadatta)the bhagavad-gitaall the vedasmuktananda's biographythe upanishads_________________
jan. 18th, 2009 @ 07:43 am

(leave a comment)

» feeling good

thanks for your input. the reason i ask that, is because maybe i have always believed that its possible to feel good constantly, but somehow we miss that boat in one way or another. when i'm  active, participating, engaged in many particular tasks, i'm good; but when in between actions, or trying to find something missing, i feel the stress (seek mode) present.i believe we should feel good all the time, but it's up to us to find the right keys, the right map, the right teacher,  right direction,  or  bright idea in our minds to illuminate our mood. sometimes the difference between a  great feeling of dispair and elation is simply the lack of proper input vs improper input, either positive thoughts of hope, or negative thoughts of hopelessness. unconciously everyone is looking for that right key, but alas many  are looking in the wrong places and wrong actions; in fact humans on this planet are engaged in that personal search relentlessly everyday, and may i say  in all the wrong avenues, like power, prestige, drugs, sex, wealth, revenge, even isolation.also:why nullify negativity with a prescribed potent drug?are we not eliminating the possibility of ever taking control of our emotions and mind by doing that?
jan. 18th, 2009 @ 03:31 am

(leave a comment)

» on foollishness

that you and i exist, that we are different, that you may have have abilities that i don't possess and viceversa, that you may be of another race, havethoughts or powers that i have not developed, that you may have lived many lives...where is the myth here?the universe is a mysterious thing even for the greatest genuises, nothing has been discovered by humans who have not left this planet even once yet,,,so in this life you can truly truly say,,,"i know nothing" and that may be the only true accurate statement you can make, while arrogance and claiming bodly that you know what myth is, and what reality can and cannot be be, is what i call utter nonsense. the wise remains open and studies all angles seeking to know, not seeking to prove anything.i have come to believe slowly in god, demigods, life in zillion of planets, and nothing can make me change my mind, because it took a long time for me to study the reality of that and come to the slow conclusion that we are not alone, we have never been alone, and that if anything in this universe is impossible, it would be, that as grand and as infinite that time actually is, that the cosmos would harbor life in only one speck of dust called earth, and the rest be void of life and beings. so as you can see, it is not some capricious belief but surrendering humbly to evidence and logic.scriptures were written for the wise and not for fools, fools will believe what they want, and always what suits their lifestyles best. fools will allways listen to other fools and never to the less popular theories or reasonings or scriptures.for some individuals the gods are inventions of man because their minds have not developed, or the gods themselves have not bestowed grace upon them, or they need lessons to learn in the athesitic mode, or they have made some grave mistakes in past lives and need to take a break from the truth.i am not concerned in convincing anyone of anything, but mainly to reinforce my true convictions or those who need to hear strong convictions for vindication. your convictions can lead you to hell or heaven depending which ones you feed.and yes,,,there are many many heavens as well as many hells...joseph campbell was at best a lost atheist.
jun. 26th, 2007 @ 11:00 pm

(leave a comment)

» peace


jun. 26th, 2007 @ 07:55 pm

(leave a comment)

top of page
powered by livejournal.com






























