





  




cruzio internet: wireless, fiber, broadband, colo, offices



























































































































skip to main content





cruzio internet 

contact us
member tools
account center
webmail 
 

search site...





get connected!

 

menu
skip to content

main menuinternetcoworkingcoworkingimage
offices and 9-5 memberships 

office space coworking


move your business to the best-connected office space in santa cruz. fully furnished & fiber-connected.

from $849/mogo



9-5 memberships coworking


join the coworking revolution! workspace, meeting rooms and free 1gbps (1,000mbps) wifi, every day of the week.

from $199/mo go
 
workstations and meetings /events 

workstationscoworking


dedicated, permanent desk space with lockable storage, power, and 1gbps (1,000mbps) fiber internet.

from $399/mo go



day pass coworking


no commitment. work for the day, or several days, for one low price

from $25/day go

24/7 memberships

24/7 memberships coworking


come & go as you please with full 24/7 keycard access and all the benefits of full membership.

from $249/mo go



meetings & events


the perfect venue for classes, high-tech events, community gatherings, and showcases of local talent.

from $15/hour go
enterpriseenterpriseimage
colocation 
colocation data center

state-of-the-art secure facilities, right here in santa cruz. fully-redundant fiber connectivity and power.
from $449/mo
go

dedicated 

dedicatedbroadband

robust. dedicated. scalable. infrastructure-grade bandwidth that’s always there when you need it.
up to 1+gbps from $499/mogo


all services

 
 
 
 







 








 real local folks. awesome local internet. enter your address to get started.








headlines


santa cruz sentinel
mercury news
cruzio blog
ny times
bbc world
santa cruz local
california local
slashdot

links


four top new york city officials resign as turmoil ripples over mayor adams’ corruption caseby jake offenhartz and michael r. sisak new york (ap) — four top deputies to new york city mayor eric adams ar… editorial | openai’s hypocrisy; and trump and white house’s unacceptable ap banin a court filing wednesday, lawyers for elon musk said that he would withdraw his consortium’s eye-popping bi… sea lion pup wanders onto highway 101, makes splashwhy did the sea lion cross the road? to get to the other tide. a joke? it really happened. motorists driving n… elon musk’s doge seeks access to taxpayer data at irs: ap sourcesby fatima hussein, associated press washington (ap) — elon musk’s department of government efficiency is seeki… delta airlines flight flips over on landing at toronto’s pearson airport and 8 people are hurttoronto (ap) — a badly injured child is among eight people who were hurt monday when a delta airlines plane fl… with all-star game in rearview mirror, nba stretch run beckons with playoffs on horizonby tim reynolds the trade deadline is gone. the all-star break is about to end. luka doncic is with the los an… police arrest apparent leader of cultlike ‘zizian’ group linked to multiple killings in the usby michael casey, associated press boston (ap) — the apparent leader of a cultlike group known as the zizians… ‘no kings on presidents day’ rings out from protests against trump and muskby michael casey, associated press boston (ap) — protesters against president donald trump and his policies br… best of the west mbb power rankings: hot seat assessment for asu’s bobby hurley (rising) and utah’s craig smith (cooling)the best of the west offers fans a candid assessment of the top teams in the western third of the country — a… sustainable travel: discover eco-conscious winter escapes in coloradowhat does sustainability mean? it has become a buzzword used to explain a commitment to the best environmental…  


4 top nyc officials quit amid mayor adams’ corruption turmoilby jake offerhartz and michael r. sisak | associated press new york — four top d… 8 injured as delta flight overturns on landing in torontoassociated press toronto — a badly injured child is among eight people who were… mexican musical legend paquita la del barrio dies at 77by berenice bautista mexico city (ap) — mexican musical legend paquita la del ba… trump fires air traffic controllers weeks after deadly crashby tara copp | associated press washington — the trump administration has begun… with all-star game in rearview mirror, nba stretch run beckons with playoffs on horizonby tim reynolds the trade deadline is gone. the all-star break is about to end…. vote now: bay area news group girls athlete of the weekeditor’s note: we prohibit the use of bots and any other artificial methods of v… best of the west mbb power rankings: hot seat assessment for asu’s bobby hurley (rising) and utah’s craig smith (cooling)the best of the west offers fans a candid assessment of the top teams in the wes… vote now: bay area news group boys athlete of the weekeditor’s note: we prohibit the use of bots and any other artificial methods of v… kotsay signs new deal that could keep him with a’s through 2029by david brandt mesa, ariz. (ap) — manager mark kotsay helped the athletics navi… musk team seeks access to sensitive taxpayer data at irsby alayna treene and david goldman | cnn (cnn) — elon musk’s department of gover…  


first friday at cruzio featuring liminal space!liminal space art collective is a group of santa cruz artists building bridges a… faster internet coming to coastside san mateoearlier this year, the state of california awarded cruzio $5.65 million to impro… 🎨 first friday at cruzioworks!🎨first friday at cruzioworks! get ready to immerse yourself in a vibrant evening… black-footed catsthis cat looks a little like cruzio internet’s logo black-footed cats can be fou… hidden fortress opens cafe at cruzioworksamelia and her staff are super friendly and they serve great food hidden fortres… cruzio got a grant. what that means for youcruzio’s independent network will be enhanced in the purple area — “from summits… cruzio rides the giant dipper (and more)at the end of june cruzio took a well-deserved break and visited the santa cruz… federal internet subsidies are gone — but we’re still helpingstudents benefit from good internet at a center in pajaro valley cruzio’s goal i… sclu takes the win at the memorial day surf contestthe santa cruz longboard union (sclu) takes the victory at the 38th annual memor… equal access in watsonville, camay is affordable housing month! tabasa gardens tabasa gardens housing complex o…  


delta plane crashes at toronto airport while landingnine people were injured, officials said. two passengers, including a pediatric… european leaders meet to discuss ukraine war as trump officials prepare for russia peace talksthe hastily called gathering was part of a flurry of diplomacy expected to cente… washington post cancels ad from groups calling for trump to fire muskthe newspaper told common cause, an advocacy group, that it was pulling its spec… 4 top officials resign over adams’s cooperation with trumpfour deputy mayors to eric adams are leaving “to stay faithful to the oaths we s… what we know about the kentucky floodsstorms have overwhelmed the state in recent years. on top of the floods, snow is… n.y.c. council speaker calls on mayor eric adams to resignthe push by the speaker, adrienne adams, a democrat, signals the mayor’s loss of… no evidence of hate crime in transgender man’s killing in upstate n.y., investigators saylaw enforcement officials in upstate new york say that the torture and killing o… trump’s usaid cuts halt agent orange victims program in vietnamfifty years after the vietnam war ended, president trump’s gutting of foreign ai… rubio meets saudi crown prince for talks on gaza and ukrainemarco rubio’s visit to riyadh, his first as secretary of state, came amid uncert… canada as the 51st state? in electoral terms, trump’s idea favors democrats.bringing canada into the united states, however farcical the prospect may seem,…  


starmer says us 'backstop' needed for ukraine peace dealthe pm says “a us security guarantee is the only way to effectively deter russia… upturned plane lies on toronto runway after crashthe flipped over plane lies on the snow-covered tarmac and appears to be missing… hundreds fired at aviation safety agency, union saysthe firings are part of a cost-cutting drive by the trump administration, that a… trump dispatches ny real estate dealmaker to solve global crisessteve witkoff will play a key role in america’s talks with russia to end the war… pope's health a 'complex clinical situation', vatican saysthe pontiff will remain in hospital for as long as necessary, the vatican has sa… watch: deadly storm hits south-eastern us and canadaat least ten people have died over the weekend, after a storm hit south-eastern… watch: deadly storm hits south-eastern us and canadaat least ten people have died over the weekend, after a storm hit south-eastern… what key players want from ukraine war talksbbc reporters analyse what european powers in paris, and russian and us official… argentina president faces impeachment calls over crypto crashsome have accused javier milei of performing a “rug pull” after he promoted a vi… mauritius ex-pm bailed after 'suitcases of cash' arrestpravind jugnauth was charged with money laundering, which he denies, following a…  


senior speed dating draws hearts in live oakparticipants saddle up to the third annual senior speed dating event at grey bea… watsonville council members discuss rail trail optionswatsonville city councilmember eduardo montesino said he wants better transporta… capitola council delays decision on park avenue rail trail optionsthe capitola city council on thursday night delayed a decision on rail trail opt… high wind, rain, surf, slides due for santa cruz countyrain and high wind return to santa cruz county this week. (stephen baxter — sant… rail trail, traffic calming projects on tap for watsonville city councilthe watsonville city council on feb. 11 will hear an update on the city’s neighb… santa cruz wildfire plan aims to coordinate evacuations, water delivery, resourcesthe santa cruz city council could advance a comprehensive wildfire plan at its m… ‘a game changer’: more santa cruz county residents call 24-hour mobile crisis teama mobile crisis response team offers 24-hour, non-police response to mental heal… ‘forever chemicals’ prompt water upgrades at santa cruz county lockupelevated chemical levels in the water at the rountree jail facility near watsonv… bird flu risks described by santa cruz county health officialssanta cruz county health officers said bird flu has not shown up in the county,… president’s order casts uncertainty on santa cruz county rail trail moneythe rail corridor runs by twin lakes state beach near el dorado avenue. (nik alt…  


error: try to refresh the page or check a different news source. 


the 'white collar' recession is pummeling office workerswhite-collar workers are facing their deepest hiring slump in a decade, with one… reddit mods are fighting to keep ai slop off subredditsreddit moderators are struggling to police ai-generated content on the platform,… hardware mod showcases an iphone se 3 in the body of a windows phonea tech enthusiast has successfully transplanted the internal components of an ip… nearly 10 years after data and goliath, bruce schneier says: privacy's still screwedten years after publishing his influential book on data privacy, security expert… apple weighs adding paid business listings to maps appapple is exploring ways to monetize its maps app by introducing paid business li… 'new junior developers can't actually code'junior software developers’ overreliance on ai coding assistants is creating kno… will amazon's return-to-office mandate revitalize downtown seattle?“amazon required employees to work from the office five days a week starting jan… deepseek removed from south korea app stores pending privacy reviewtoday seoul’s personal information protection commission “said deepseek would no… california considers taking over some oil refineriescalifornia is “considering state ownership of one or more oil refineries,” repor… why a maintainer of the linux graphics driver nouveau stepped downfor over a decade karol herbst has been a developer on the open-source nouveau d…  


error: try to refresh the page or check a different news source. 


local

bratton online
city on a hill press
firedispatch.com
firescan.net
good times
hilltromper
monterey herald
press banner
register-pajaronian
salinas californian 
santa cruz comic news
santa cruz indy media
santa cruz patch
santa cruz police department blog
santa cruz sentinel
santa cruz waves
santa cruz weekly



world

abc news
alternet
arts & letters daily
bbc news
broadband reports
common dreams
cnet
cnn
democracy now
digg
espn
fox news
la times 
london times
mercury news
nbc news
needful news
new york times
npr
scitech daily 
sf chronicle 
slashdot
the independent
the onion
the register 
urban legends
usa today 
washington post 
wired
yahoo news






more news...
less news...
back to top of news sources


 




weather

santa cruz weather
half moon bay weather




traffic
click or tap map for live traffic info
more…





surf

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for steamer lane-the point at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for cowells cove at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for 41st ave (the hook - shark cove) at surf-forecast.com. 
more...




about cruzio
cruzio, established in 1989, connects businesses and residences around santa cruz county and parts of the bay area with multi-gigabit fiber internet, business-grade wireless internet, and other internet and web services. our beautiful headquarters in downtown santa cruz serve as an ixp and data center, with colocation, flexible office space and coworking for startups and small businesses.
more…








 
 

 




servicesinternet

broadband labels
equal access internet


enterprise

colocation
dedicated internet access


coworking

office space
workstations
24/7 memberships
9-5 memberships
day pass
meetings & events


 
 


terms of usemaster services agreement
acceptable use policy
privacy policy
internet principles
access agreement
transparency document
member toolscruzio mail
account center
support center
fusion phone tools
speed test
domain tools
network status
cruzioworks
book a meeting room
 
 


about cruzionewsletter signup
newsletter archive
blog
testimonials
join the cruzio team
santa cruz guidecruzio merch
weather
surf
traffic
wifi hotspots
computer/web consultants
 
 



contact us

877 cedar st #150santa cruz, ca 95060
 (831) 459-6301
 email us 












 
 
cruzio serves aptos, aromas, ben lomond, bonny doon, boulder creek, brookdale, capitola, corralitos, davenport, felton, freedom, la selva beach, lompico, pajaro, rio del mar, santa cruz, scotts valley, seacliff, soquel, watsonville, & zayante.
 
 
 


cruzio internet 831-459-6301




cruzio internet














homeinternetcoworking

office spaceworkstationsday pass24/7 membershipsmeetings & events9-5 memberships back
enterprise

colocationdedicated internet access back
member tools

cruzio mailaccount centersupport centerspeed testdomain toolsnetwork statuscruzioworksbook a meeting room back
all servicescontact

				× close panel			






























