




national registry of emergency medical technicians


































notice to our callers: due to high call volumes, calls may disconnect if the wait time exceeds 30 minutes. please try again later or email us at support@nremt.org. also, check out our recertification page for answers to the most frequently asked questions. we apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate your understanding.











verify credentials

search
log in



log in/create account


username

password



forgot username/password?



create account












renew your national ems certification


                            your national ems certification is too valuable to let expire.
                        

                                renew my national ems certification
                            






check out registry insider!


                            the national registry's weekly vodcast giving you news, insight and in-depth conversations about the national registry and ems
                        

                                learn more about registry insider!
                            






national registry store


                            new gear in stock! show pride in your national registry credentials with a new hoodie, t-shirt or path. login to check out the full line of merch today!
                        

                                view our store
                            






national ems certification




                                learn more
                            






the nation's first ems compact


                            recognition of ems personnel licensure compact
                        

                                learn more
                            

















national ems certification








emr


certification
recertification









emt


certification
recertification









aemt


certification
recertification









paramedic


certification
recertification





exams info



aemt & paramedic examinations



certification examinations 



ada accommodations






the registry

about
board
team
research
maps
policies
annual reports
history
key initiatives 
media kit
continued competency initiative
our partners



the new basic life support (bls) certification examinations


important timelines and information


        key information about the timing of the new examinations and the associated fees. 
    

about the examinations


        information about the certification examination test plan and domain information. 
    

novel item classes used in the assessment of emrs/emts


        learn about technology enhanced items (teis), sample packets and emt/emr items.
    

frequently asked questions


        the most commonly asked questions about the examination requirements and other related information.
    

additional information


        important dates for future presentations at key ems meetings. 
    






ems compact
the united states ems compact, established by legislation in 24 states, protects public safety and strengthens the emergency medical services system nationwide. it enables seamless multistate practice by providing immediate license recognition across member states, allowing ems clinicians to work across state lines without delays, as authorized by their ems agency. the compact ensures state ems offices can quickly recognize licenses from other member states, improving emergency response and workforce mobility.
learn more



registry store


national registry emr mens t-shirts



national registry fleece hoodie



emt rubber patch

visit the store



registry news

national registry of emergency medical technicians announces updates to basic life support certification examinations 


the national registry of emts invites your feedback 


study finds use of naloxone by good samaritans is up, but not nearly enough

all news

















the registry


about us


contact


board of directors


team


careers


history


news


research


store




topics


recertification


ems compact


maps, stats & data


nccp recertification


volunteer with the national registry




information for


candidates


program directors


training officers


medical directors


state officials


educators


the public




quick links


annual reports


ems job board


how do i...?


policies


resources


state ems agencies





© copyright 2001-2025, version 2025.4, national registry of emergency medical technicians














