

still water runs deep:*//

















sunday, september 10, 2006

it's been a long time since i last posted.... now, it's last in the nite and i am trying to focus on my drama portfolio... gotta feeling its in a sorry state :(
the waterfall neva stops --- like god's everlastin' luv:) at 11:39 pm




tuesday, august 08, 2006

unknown: go to asknlearn... you need to complete ... chuan hong !!!mr jee: draw snake add legguanw: when you find a word you don't know, eat it up !mr schooling: what's your name?chuan hong: chuan hongms: john? oki.ch: nono, chuan hong.ms: juan what?ch: chuan hong *sigh*mr jee: octupus have how many legs?guanw: 29mr jee: officially, an octupus has eight sides...me: lol.ms kong: if you would like to b called a...guanw: you can call me bmr jee: there are many ways to start a problem...me: arson? or a fight?mr jee: pls think of a strategy.ren yan: strate - jeemr jee: i nearly flipped.
the waterfall neva stops --- like god's everlastin' luv:) at 5:20 pm




wow! weeks haf been so hectic dat i haf no time to blog... *sigh* now i got so many things to post, i don't know what to blog... *sigh* hmmm... i know! :) let's comment on random events :1) merchant of venice drama challenge : class isn't making much headway... the script and production is working quite okie, but the actors and publicity is lagging very far behind... some * ah guan* does not wanna memorise script... some * peide* overslept... and the list can go on and on and on... betcha mr wong would be stunned the nxt time he comes in... yea, right... im so sick and tired of the "nowwwwwww" and the "argh, im launcelot okay?" sounding like 4 year old kids... its reali aw-ful. (no pun intended) haix... guess we just hafta work ot until i can see sth materializing... at least the script is gd :) yay!2) softball season: hmmm... the softball season was crappy... the nats were super bad lor... we managed to blow a lead agains pei cai and crash to cath high... not that we didn't expect it... but it is just that we could have won... sigh, dun cry over splilt milk or lawis will drink it... oops, sry wrong ending...nvm. been in rf for most of the season which i think has more orless become my niche position now... :) my batting still is quite bad... mus work harder! i feel like boxer.3) evang service: wow, this was amazing!! i think 6 pplr got saved, rite? which was not bad :) so many wonderful moments of the holy spirit coming and touching the lives of non-christians and showing them the reality of him :) thank you :)4) healing: a wave of healing cases are just coming like some monsoon... okay, quickly. just last saturday all of us in church were gathering arnd various people and praying for all sorts of sicknesses to be healed, cuz its jus so exciting when you see someone's legs grow in front of ure eyes when being prayed for... it's really amazing! i think it has really raised my faith to see back pains, muscle problems, legs of unequal length to be healed... trust the lord :)5) cip in amk: tiring but fun ! meaningful too ! short, but sweet.i duuno wat else to post except... that ren yan better follow me to buy stuff for our rbs tmr... or else...
the waterfall neva stops --- like god's everlastin' luv:) at 5:06 pm




friday, june 16, 2006


the waterfall neva stops --- like god's everlastin' luv:) at 11:27 am




hahas. finally a post on church camp. wonder how long im gonna write? hmmm. it's always lyk i got so many things in my mind then cannot express out in words... *sigh* nvm, i wil try my best:)day 1 (6/6/06) :mus say i left for the camp with not much expectations in mind, not knowing what would happen... getting lost on the way didn't help much either. hahas. we finally reached and guess what? our car was beaten to the hotel by the church coaches although we left s'pore bout 1/2 hour earlier... the rest of the day was pretty normal til the nite session. testimonies. that nite, many testimonies reali struck me and once again reminded me of the awesome pwr of our god. faith and expectation started to rise slowly. the testimony that struck me in particular that nite was frm kelmond. he said something to the extent of ' i dun noe where i will be without god.' that line ignited a flashback of god's faithfulness in my own life. that nite, thru testimonies, god really showed me many things that i have not thought about for a long time, which was reali great for me. cool.day 2 (7/6/06) :morn devotion. sis lillian spoke something about having a child-like faith. one sentence to sum it all up will be: god taught me to fall into his arms and trust him. one phrase to sum i up: child-like faith. one word to sum it up: trust (or faith). for me everything was rather normal until the time of ministry. as we gathered to pray for the camp in groups, we started by praying for kelmond, as he had a prayer request ,(secret! ... if you reali reali wanna know ... go ask him yourself :) ... ) then for hua boon. although it was just a normal time of prayer, it was significant for me as i realli felt like i was able to move in the spirit. sometimes, during the times of prayer, my fear would take over and i would started forming a prayer in my mind before praying it out. but that day i just opened my mouth and i was really just guided by the spirit :) lunch. what's there to say about lunch? now for an injection of abit of fun... aft was shopping time... i realised something... summit is a big but rather boring mall... that's my personal opinion so dun get offended ... hahas:) anw, i bought this adidas t-shirt frm the adidas shop. to be honest, as i look at it later, it looks more and more like the national flag of t & t... ***best deal of the day : 1 cup of ice-cream with choc syrup and biscuit @ 2rm*** at the nite sessions, more testimonies... some of which realli encouraged me:)day 3 (8/6/06) :session in the morning... while sis caryn was sharing bout the three types of runners, god jus showed me that even though we may fall away from the chasing pack, if we may just try, we can still finish the race strongly... that is my thought of the day:) oki, not much more in the morning but i learnt a new skill in the aft. how to play " baladash" ?? aiya, something "--dash" lah... gos spoke to memany things at nite as i responded to him... too many to write here. but it was a great time with me and god. alos, we were 'treated' to a long video during which i gathered the following observations: observation x, observation y and observation z... i would not wanna say but jus rmb dat the room was very cold...day 4 (9/6/06) :testimonies in the morn during session... the normal last day rush occurred, if u understand wat im talking bout:) and then it was time to go. leaving a reatreat which god spoke to many hearts behind. it was sad. but god moved. reali mightly. i luv it.some small interest things dat happened on the way home:-supposed cockraoch in the soup during lunch.-banana split :)-"someone's" "lost" white card...-bus 1 punctured tyre.to sum it all up:great fellowship. great expirence. great work of god in oir lives.
the waterfall neva stops --- like god's everlastin' luv:) at 10:40 am




i feel very outdated now at this present moment ...
the waterfall neva stops --- like god's everlastin' luv:) at 10:39 am




monday, may 22, 2006

hahas:) jus one more wk til e hols! seems lyk it wil come so fast...but go jus as fast... *sigh* my hols wil prob not be much of a holiday anyway, more of a do-homework-at-ure-home-at-your-own-pace period... then still got prep 4 nationals in july. see it's jus an alternative way of saying "home school ureself for a month"... *sigh once more* but still, mus take n enjoy! at least got more spare time to go out!! :) hahas:) btw, heres a update of my ct results:) enjoy *and laugh if u wan* :(oki...eng/lit : 17/30 *sigh* *seems lyk im gonna sigh alot todae*chinese: 69/100 thankfully i passed...maths: 39/50 oki, this is not bad:)science: 45 1/2 /50 strange dat my science got so high??geog: not sure yet...history: 22/25 i am prob set to take history nxt year:)hahas:) as i look at my results, then think about wat subjects i shld take nxt yr, i reali dunno... dunno if i shld take geog or lit to go wif history. anw, its a long way more! why think so early rite?tmr my batch gg on malaysian montage... im gonna get left behind coz of softball committments:( sob... now i got lyk 4 plus days in sch wif few sec 2s arnd... gonna feel a little strange! :) let's see... hmmm, i tryin to plan for this wk in my mind:)- train some more for softball???-watch "over the hedge" wif *i dunno who* my mum n bro already watch...-find more nice movies to watch???-try to find nice and cozy place to do qt:) yay!-remind myself to go 4 prayer mtg:)hahas:) bye.
the waterfall neva stops --- like god's everlastin' luv:) at 5:34 pm




monday, may 08, 2006

argh! i being driven crazy by e renovation work in my hdb block !!
the waterfall neva stops --- like god's everlastin' luv:) at 4:17 pm




sunday, may 07, 2006

hi. hahas, seems lyk a super a long time since i made my last post rite? haiya, super busy... so much sch work n stuff. yay! but term is not closing, hols coming soon! gonna be an exciting time:) lookg back again (the reason why i always haf to look back is because i neva post very often, so mus always try to rmb wat happens to me in lyk the past one, two month...) soo many things happen...common tests are jus over *breathe huge sigh of relief*... its a result of my one sem.s worth of studyin, muggin, etc... hai. reali hope i do well coz if not dis work would go to waste... *prayin hard* but what's done, done rite? anw, tests are not the end of e world!hahas. jus haf such a strange feelin now as i think bout the last three wks of sch. reali dunno why. maybe its jus the feelin when all e stress built up inside me for the last 2 terms is released and i sort of feel better... but still, there's always nxt term. more work. more stress. more obstacles. more problems. i got a feelin dat the term ahead is gonna reali be a test of my faith. i hope i am ready.anw, ever since the last post i made on 17 mar (rite?), sch has been swung into a more hectic mood with a much quicker pace! sometimes, i reali feel the stress of the raffles programme comin down on my shoulders and reali weighing me down and i haf to thank god for carryin me thru this period. i know dat the sch days ahead are not gonna get easier in respect to the work load and stuff, but keep trustin god and i know i'll be fine! comin back to my sch life, i dunno why all of a sudden, im no longer myself. all my pet subjects have started to deprove drastically, while my hist, bio n chem haf lyk started improvin lyk siao! dunno what happenin to me, even when i stop to think bout it sometimes, i dunno what is gg on.on a happier note, softball 'c' div zones are starteing in 8 days time... the hard days of traing all come down to these matches which would decide our teams fate in the nationals. i reali hope to make it pat the first round this time to once again avoid the heartbreka of being knocked out with my sch's soccer team in p6... sigh. i g;ad my batting has reali improved over these few month. i think i stand a good chance, but , still haf to wait n see:) sad i'll be missin malaysian montage for this...the focus shifts frm the world ad physical things to god:) hahas. gotta reali thank god for the things he had done in my life in the past seven wks cos he's reali been awesome! amen? our god is an awesome god.firstly gotta thank him for his healin pwr in my life. it was in the time period jus b4 good friday n i was preparing to  do e skit durin the services then. jus the week before, i got fever n lyk was sort of thinking if i would be well enough to act dat fri. *worried feelins* internally, i sort of believed that i would be able to make it if god helped me, but still there was a certain amount of the feelin dat i still may be sick on that day. to top it of, i sorta got a stomach bug on wed n missed two days of sch. but, god's healing pwr is so great coz i know he is the one that brought me thru this time:)recently, i can also feel dat god is workin in my life more n more. he is showing me things dat i previously did not understand and helping me to overcome things in my life. even though at time my qt may have gone down, god was with me! the feelin of being touched by god is amazing n through this period in my life he has being challenging me.that's bout all for now. lookg forward to what amazing things god has to do in my life next:)
the waterfall neva stops --- like god's everlastin' luv:) at 7:11 pm




friday, march 17, 2006

hihi:)hahas:) so long never post, feel sooo wierd! pple keep *bugging* me to post, so yea:) dun think i can cram one whole terms events into one blog post , so let's see how this post sounds at e end of it! :p where should i start? (it's the price for not blogging for ten weeks) ...lg outing rawked!!! was so fun lor:) hmmm, dunno wat to say bout it, other then events concerin ah ming (from novena zoo...) (joke :p) and eeleumas (from somewhere in bread's tag board!). the pool very fun isit? *strange, angry, amused and annoyed looks all at e same time* anw, yupp all the activities were super fun! should haf more of these:) also mus rmb the song "no matter what", which spoke to me during 'sing-a-long' ... in my own personal way! thx to various roti-leaders!i alos noticed something in the last few days... i haf more homework then it seemed! trust me, juggling all my homework wif training wif softball carnival wif fun is not very fun, esp during e hols! what happened to the "hols are for students to relax" and school's encouragement that "homework should pref not be given to students durin hols" ?? i guess complaining is no use huh? attempted my "killer"math jus now, which almost drove me nuts!!! all e algebra and stuff! hahas:) thinking bout my match tmr against cvss... hope we can win! *secretly hoping i will win a starting position in e team* *feelin sian of being a sub* *knowing i can do it*... see what happens tmr!dunno what else should talk bout... lyk got soo many events crammed in my mind n dunno which one i should type bout! maybe i should jus put them in my next post as my hands, fingers, joints, bones, nails are all feeling tired now! lol. i shall haf a few closing sidenotes(maybe more than a few)...- i think tampines rovers beat sporting... boohoo. was watchin the match till v sian jus now... gonna check score!- i not stupid too was quite good... i noe i jus saw it todae, abit lag rite?? very "cry-able" too.- pastor james singh is coming tmr! yay.bye.
the waterfall neva stops --- like god's everlastin' luv:) at 8:38 pm






self - profile...
hammoo : theo :)
january
raffles : moor : t'wok : red army
softball
rgen : b.r.e.a.d

likes...
god
friends
b.r.e.a.d
rgen
soccer
softball
sentosa
outings
wigan
arsenal
maths
geog
history
lit.
ocean

dislikes...
rats?
backstabbers
the devil!
dusty stuff...
nagging
exams
tests
cts
philosophy

5 present fave songs...
1) from the inside out 
2) majesty
3) the stand
4) marvellous light
5) the time has come

waiting 2 listen to...
... mighty to save - hillsongs...






i lovethe water


links

school
ren yan
small
church
clarence
annabel
jonathan tan
calista
anna
cheryl teo
dudley
jerrrold quek
teresa
jay
jia ming
sam ee
lester
leslie
valerie
brenda
charis
sarah ho
gerald tan
cheryl
kelmond
kuan yue
william
elgin
hsien xian
b.r.e.a.d
i.g.n.i.t.e
r.i.o.t
revival generation
credits
chocbanana[trixieandtheresa]














adopt your own virtual pet!








god's love neva ends
like the waterfall never stops
flowing

navigations are the pictures! =)















