


















































			search		





responsive menu






 




about that’s crispy
crispy poscasts
contact
  







              about that’s crispy            


there is a paucity of inter-personal recognition in today’s day and age. much of the time, life-involvements prohibit us from recognizing the positive efforts of those around us and providing a thumbs-up for a job well done. although it seems a given to acknowledge those who put their shoulder to the wheel and demonstrate success, distraction often leads to non-action and lost opportunities. a directed ”conscious” effort to see and reward human excellence is required, yielding positive energy (chi) for the giver, for the recipient, and for the world at large. 
it’s rare that a new phrase or metaphor works its way into the english language that nurtures a higher level of communication. but even rarer is a term that provides a bridge towards the generation of energy of a positive kind. “that’s crispy” is such a phrase. it’s a term that means “job well done”. it’s a means by which we can celebrate the positive side of humanity by recognizing in others their efforts to succeed. that’s crispy is a unique way of offering kudos for the efforts that make us better people. 
the struggle to succeed is always a difficult process. anyone can be rewarded with a that’s crispy accolade at any milestone along the way. that’s crispy recognition can be given to one business associate from another, from a parent to their child for educational accomplishment, to a law student who has passed an important exam, to a neighbor completing that impressive home improvement, or to a yoga practitioner demonstrating improved skill and understanding. the sky’s the limit. anyone is eligible at any time. 
think about who in your life deserves a thumbs-up for their hard earned efforts, then acknowledge them and lend “power to the positive.” 
stay crispy! 
– steve






an introduction to “that’s crispy” 

our other sites



copyright © 2025  |  theme by: theme horse |  powered by: wordpress
 






