








home - merritt realty corporation























































 
















about us

testimonials


services
listings

for sale listings
for lease listings
all listings
search for listings
business opportunities


blog
contact
call: 941-270-9970







 












florida’s premier commercial real estate company






florida’s premier commercial real estate company






florida’s premier commercial real estate company


welcome to merritt realty
merritt realty corporation is a full service, commercial real estate firm serving the florida markets specializing in sarasota, manatee, charlotte, pinellas, and hillsborough counties for over a decade.
merritt realty has always provided innovative solutions in a broad spectrum of real estate services such as: acquisition, disposition, consulting, leasing, development, landlord representation, tenant representation and property management of commercial real estate.
our team continues to deliver results-oriented solutions for our clients, while maintaining a comprehensive understanding of market conditions and trends to keep our clients ahead of the curve.

more about merritt realty






“i am most thankful for your personal knowledge of the venice area commercial market, your personal attention,…tenacity…, and patience…. it is rare in this day and economy to find a professional with impeccable work ethic and honesty…”
– catherine gemma
“hello terry:
we want to thank you for helping us find a suitable office for my business. not only you did help us find the perfect place, but you also made sure everything was in working order. in addition, you helped us to meet all the city, fire department and state department of health requirements. we would recommend you anytime as an outstanding commercial real estate broker and you can use our name as a reference when needed.”
– david and patricia villafana
“when we needed to find office/warehouse space terry purdy went above and beyond to make sure everything went through without a hitch. in our experience terry worked overtime to not only find us the perfect location, but also to help us locate and hire professionals in the area to aid in the build out of the space. additionally he introduced us to business owners he felt we would work well with and even made sure the local media was aware of our new services. we will most definitely call terry purdy in the future when we need to expand locations. in our opinion terry purdy is a true professional and we highly recommend his services.”
– mira and jayson calton, calton nutrition
“working with merritt realty corporation has been a great experience. we have worked with them as a property owner and as a tenant. they are very professional and knowledgeable. i highly recommend them.”
– donna smith, american glaziers
a better way to offer building amenities to office tenants … landlords are approaching this workplace trend is by providing premium amenities and services.

our listingsfor sale
for lease
business opportunities
all listings
search listings
properties foroffice leasing
industrial leasing
investment sales
local & national tenants
land acquisitions





 







 







 







 







 







 







 





 















we believe that the relationships we have with our clients and customers based on efficient and informed service is the foundation for the continued success of merritt realty corporation and the professionals whom work here.

member of international council of shopping centers
our location

nokomis office
261 s tamiami trail
nokomis, fl 34275

941.270.9970terry@gomerritt.comadmin@gomerritt.comhours of operation
monday-friday: 9:00am to 5:00pm
saturday & sunday: by appointment

©2019 merritt realty  |  all rights reserved  |  design 
 















