




home - pals animal rescue, inc.








































 pals on facebook


faq
contact us
 







p.o. box 47342 wichita, ks 67201

316-990-3647








pals animal rescue, inc.









menu


home
about us
available pets
adopted pets
fostering
show dates
applications
faq
faq
contact us
contact us
 


 


home
pals animal rescue is an organization of volunteers who place animals into qualified homes.
most of the animals are rescued from the wichita animal shelter. many of these animals would have been euthanized without help from pals animal rescue. we also help a limited number of animals from private individuals who, due to hardships, can no longer care for their pets.
pals animal rescue works mainly with adult dogs, but on occasion will have puppies and other animals. we handle both pure breed and mixed breed dogs. we also work with reputable pure breed rescues, both locally and nationally.
if you look at your email client manual or hit the help button you can find the specific instructions to setup your filters and how you want to manage the emails that are marked as spam. cialis prescription cheap appalachianmagazine.com similarly, males with diabetes, cardiovascular problems, kidney/liver malfunction, urinary issues,  cialis best buy cancer, spinal cord injury etc. should not use this drug, much better not to try it to prevent side effects resulting from drug interactions. homeopathic medicines cialis 5 mg appalachianmagazine.com are rather safe and effective and are not recommended as a first line of treatment, it is always safest to talk to your doctor before taking any medication for erectile dysfunction in men. it is important to know that the pill itself doesn’t give an erection; your partner has to sexually stimulate you for this to work.  viagra australia pals animal rescue specializes in providing to qualified homes a mature, house trained, obedient member of the family. we also counsel individuals on what type of pet would be best for them and match the home with the pet that is most appropriate.
pals animal rescue is an alternative animal rescue organization made up of volunteers. 100% of all donations go for medical expenses, supplies, and advertising to find our animals good homes.
 


 happy tails 










featured pets



rocky

rocky was being a dedicated dad when he was found with his family walking down roosevelt street. rosie, the mom, was… continued

read more 




marty

marty’s foster family says he loves to play but settles down. he is such a sweet boy who is with several… continued

read more 




trixie

trixie is a corgi and perhaps sheltie mix but definitely a lot of corgi. she was an unclaimed stray at… continued

read more 




news & events



  show dates read more  



  adopted pets see adopted pets page.
 read more  







success stories & inspirational



a poem

a poem to my foster dog copyright 1999/ by diane morgan i am the bridge between what was and what… continued






the reason

the reason (to you from all your rescue dogs) i would’ve died that day if not for you. i would’ve… continued






an “ode”

an “ode” to our foster parents “rescued hearts” taking care of rescue dogs, is something i do best. i know… continued






once they’re home

the first few days in your home will be a time of adjustment.  it is recommended that the new dog… continued









© 2025 pals animal rescue, inc. all rights reserved.
pals is a 501 (c) 3 organization.













