

















fitters wanted - bralady international








































































fitters wanted - bralady international



as the 'original' bra lady, with over 20 years of fitting experience, barb chapman has helped thousands of ladies with custom-fitted bras. in addition to being a veteran fitter, she is now also introducing a select few women into the business by showing them all the secrets and providing a turn key model for success. with aggressive and measured plans bralady is expanding internationally. watch the video below. we're growing. join us! be a part of the bralady international family.
































































































custom bra fitting business opportunity -> seeking courteous, coachable, customer-focused women. flexible programs to suit your lifestyle. training, launch, everything included. space and territories are limited! act now. submit your information. learn more.










click here to submit your information

join us !

bralady international (bralady) is actively seeking customer-focused courteous women from all walks-of-life to consider joining our exclusive international team of elite certified custom bra fitters and to enjoy the ambassador lifestyle!

if your pleasure is to participate in a highly-profitable, in demand, turn-key business with your own protected territory including earnings of $40,000.00 a year working 5 days a month - guaranteed - then stop looking! you've arrived.

[note: this is not a job. this is a business for business-minded, independent, professional and capable women. you may already be an experienced bra fitter and would simply like to be a part of a recognized brand having certain credentials to help you begin earning what you're worth. you can become part of our worldwide team and start serving your existing and future clientele with our not-available-in-stores, super comfortable, super supportive bras. you may see this as a wonderful new opportunity for you, something you would be passionate about and great at and are looking for a business where you run an exclusive protected territory that you can call your very own. in both cases, this is your opportunity to become a better-recognized bra fitter and to start serving your/our discerning clientele with an unparalleled white-glove treatment - and start earning like other elite bra fitters. partial financing is available for the right candidates. we have flexible terms and approaches depending on your needs and lifestyle. if you have past successful fitting experience or if you're perhaps a close-to-retirement-age nurse or healthcare professional or teacher (with a mind for business and a passion for customer service) then we really want to meet you! no experience is necessary. we train you on our processes either way. read on.]

how does this sound?

no selling.
no phone calls.
no ordering.
no advertising.
no shipping.
no inventory.
no follow up.


bralady can do all of this for you - and more. we provide the training and the field support. you simply show up and fit our bralady clientele. it's that simple - really.

this is a life-changer of an opportunity. don`t wait. submit your particulars. get your name on our short-list. your information is and will remain bralady confidential. once the territories are gone, they`re gone. you deserve a look at this. there will be a certified bralady ambassador making a wonderful living and having a terrific life in your area -- give yourself a chance to be that bralady!




submit your information

if you're courteous, ready for a fresh start, passionate about customer-service and comfortable with the ultimate professional custom bra fitting business opportunity through a flexible, turn-key, fully-supported business model (and who wouldn't be?) then let's hear from you! take 2 minutes now. submit your information. put yourself in the running. this is a life-changer – guaranteed.


********************************************* 




about bralady international (bralady)



bralady is a comfort-focused value-conscious women's brand that delivers custom-fitted and then custom-made intimate apparel (bras and panties) made from the world's finest materials, fit precisely to each customer, offered at affordable prices. shopping with bralady is unlike any retail experience in the world in terms of quality, service and value. our network of more than 300 exclusive, trusted bra fitters ensures the highest quality of service, customized fit and personal attention featuring our exclusive not-available-in-stores, custom-fit, custom-made, limited edition, limited-run bras and bra and panty sets. bralady is disrupting the entire intimate apparel retail industry by compressing the supply chain, delivering exceptional quality womens wear at a fraction of the price of comparable brands, and wrapping it with service and personal attention (bow included). we deliver an experience that no other retailer can provide. if you're ready for custom bras that offer heavenly support and cadillac comfort, go to www.bralady.com to meet your personal ambrassador and learn more.




 




























email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest























the new way to breast health





this is my mom - 'the bra lady'. she's been custom fitting people and finding them the ideal bra for health and comfort for the last 10 years. she's in big demand these days. breast health is an ever increasingly important topic.if you'd like to have barb speak to a group and provide a fitting clinic, drop her an email (via her son) - superchap@gmail.com. the bra lady travels all over north america to professionally speak, entertain, educate, and fit women with her unique patented bras.























email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















live life grand! together, we'll launch your successful custom bra fitting business career.





watch my video (left). submit your information.



barb the 'original' bra lady!







if you're more interested in licensing a territory and working with someone else who will be the dedicated bralady ambassador of your fitting business, click  here.


my story













































watermark theme. powered by blogger.
























