





whipmix – helping dental professionals succeed




















 


























shop now



pay my invoice



find a dealer



contact us



  products
resources
company
sales & promotions
  















								helping dental professionals succeed
								while improving patient outcomes.


								for over 100 years, whip mix proudly provides dental products for labs, clinics, and universities including gypsums, occlusion products, 3d resins, and equipment through manufacturing excellence backed by superior customer service.
							
explore our products

















								whip mix expands veriresin family with three new additions!
							

								discover how these advanced resins can help you achieve greater precision, durability, and efficiency in your digital workflow.
							
click here to learn more















								experience the whip mix difference
							

								whip mix is committed to leveraging its technical expertise and manufacturing excellence into
								practical solutions for dental professionals. it’s not just what we do, it’s our passion.
							













innovation mixed with manufacturing excellence
made in the usa, our products are consistent and true with each application increasing customer efficiencies and improving patient outcomes.













technical expertise mixed with 100 years of experience
supporting customers thru continuous research, development, and a commitment to stay informed and relevant to new and evolving work-flows.
















							the whip mix process
						

							whip mix listens and delivers using its proven a.s.i.s.t. process.
						












assess
together we evaluate that your needs align with our capabilities and resources











solve
we present solutions that best fit your needs and strengthen our growing relationship











implement
we promptly provide the training, resources, and materials to ensure your success











support
we are committed to making it right through continuous coaching and education to foster the growth of our professional relationship











teach
the whip mix family is dedicated to evolving with the latest technologies and market trends so we can instill best practices to ensure ideal results

















								explore our products
							

								our commitment drives us to deliver dental products that enhance patient outcomes.










3d print resin








occlusion








equipment










lab supplies








gypsum








investment










clinical supplies















							what our clients say
						











"we have been in business going into our 6th year and having companies like whip mix in our mix is really key for building solid foundations. for the first two years, we were looking for the right material that gave us consistency in accuracy and product availability and it was a challenge. for the last four years, we've been exclusively using whip mix's resins, and what we have seen is exactly that - consistency, accuracy, and availability. whip mix was the answer that we were looking for four years ago and is just as true today"









phil marianacci
360 digilab | canton, mi










"i started with whip mix in 2018. with whip mix, i have had help since day one. they're very attentive to my needs. every single question that i have, they have an answer that's concise and accurate."









dr. colin steinweg
clarksville crossing dental | clarksville, md










"we've used whip mix tech support for a long time. whether the problem is big or small, they're always here to help."









anita cranford and elise jolita
identical dental lab | norman, ok


















ready to get started?
join thousands of satisfied customers who have experienced the
						whip mix difference before, during, and after each engagement.
					
take the first step






















follow us on social media
































company
products
resources
blog
contact us
careers



team member login







world headquarters




361 farmington avenue
louisville, ky 40209 usa





toll free: 800-626-5651
phone: 502-637-1451






european headquarters




hagener straße 21, 44225 
dortmund, germany




phone: +49 (0) 231-567 70 8-11
fax: +49 (0) 231-567 70 8-50
email: nina.miks@whipmix-europe.com






restorative oral health division




1730 e. prospect rd
suite 101
fort collins, co 80525 usa




phone: 970-472-1635
fax: 970-472-1793










© whip mix. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | terms of use | terms of sale






                stay connected with whip mix 
                



















































