




 


welcome to the high rock lake association!



 





log in





next board meeting: tuesday, march 04, 2025 - all members welcome!


about  |  news  |  join  |  resources



this lake is our home, and our home is worth protecting!

founded in 1954, our organization's ongoing mission has been to help protect and promote our lake's health, beauty and safe recreational use for all who love it, as we do. this mission continues today with more than a thousand active members and is more relevant now than ever. please join us today and have your name counted among our lake's champions!••• read more
 









update on lake levelscube hydro is targeting approx. 8.5 ft. below full for monday, feb 10th, and the plan is to maintain that level between 8.5 - 9 feet below full pond through the dam project completion, estimated to be about march 10th. please note this may change, and we will keep you informed as we are.


 











sedimentation studya comprehensive sedimentation study is currently underway on high rock lake. this study, conducted by geosyntec consultants of north carolina, will examine and develop long-term mitigation strategies for the sediment build-up occurring on the lake, most notably the sandbar that's formed at the mouth of swearing creek. it’s findings, expected later this year, will…••• read more
 
 
 
shoreline management plan
we fully understand the critical importance of the shoreline management plan to our membership. this is why we’ve invested thousands of man-hours over the years in pursuing its beneficial modification or, in some cases, defense against challenges. understanding that this topic is always top-of-mind for our members, we’ve dedicated this new thread exclusively to all things smp-related, and right on time, important new updates we requested are actually underway and pending ferc approval…
••• read more


 







 












safety & navigation 
we understand that this topic is a top-tier priority for our members, so we created this new thread to address matters exclusively related to safety and navigation on hrl. this includes our ongoing efforts to ensure that cube hydro adheres to its federal energy regulatory commission (ferc) licensing requirement to remove natural debris (such as trees and logs) from the reservoir, which poses…
••• read more
 









 

water nutrient committee
the hrla was proud to serve as a voting member of the high rock lake steering committee, chaired by the planning branch of the nc division of water resources, which formed to examine the health of the yadkin watershed and determine steps that could be recommended to improve the water quality level of high rock lake. we participated as one of the few members who actually represented those who live on or near the lake and use it recreationally, and over the coming weeks, we’ll be sharing what we learned here.
••• read more


 







please help support the businesses that support us!










 









about  |  news  |  join  |  resources copyright © 2024 high rock lake associationhigh rock lake association is a 501(c)4 non-profit organization.  p.o. box 159, southmont, nc 27351 





powered by wild apricot membership software















