































bossier arts council (home)









homeevents and exhibitionsfacilitiesartinisupport us
bossier arts councildonatecontact“we create a vibrant local arts scene that enriches the cultural life of the bossier parish community as a whole.” bossier arts council
630 barksdale blvd.
bossier city, la 71111
318-741-8310
 
open tuesday-saturday 11am-5pmcontact us
bossierarts@bossierarts.org

first name




last name



your e-mail:



message content:


sendsendform sent successfully. thank you.please fill all required fields!who we are
 
the bossier arts council (bac) is a community-based organization that is dedicated to supporting and promoting the arts within bossier parish in northern louisiana.  while we may have a range of goals, our primary focus is typically to provide resources and opportunities for local artists and performers to showcase their work, connect with audiences, and build their careers.
 
to achieve these goals, we undertake a variety of activities, such as hosting or organizing art exhibitions, music concerts, dance performances, and theater productions.  these events are typically designed to showcase the talents of local artists and performers, and to provide opportunities for them to network with one another, as well as with audiences and potential buyers or sponsors.
 
the bac may also offer various types of support and resources to local artists and performers such as workshops, mentorship programs, or other educational resources to help artists and performers develop their skills and advance their careers.
 
in addition to these activities, we work to raise awareness of the arts within our bossier parish community.  this may involve collaborating with other organizations, such as schools, libraries, or community centers, to offer programming that introduces community members to different types of art and encourages them to attend local cultural events.
 
the bossier arts council was created in 1980 through a joint effort by a local arts organization and the city of bossier. the bossier arts council continues to partner with the city in providing excellence in the arts for citizens and visitors. over the years bac has grown, focusing on expanding arts opportunities in community theatre, visual arts, festivals and exhibits, arts education for children and adults, public arts, and grants opportunities.what we offerlocal artist galleries
 
enjoy local artists, both new and establish, on display in the bossier arts council, with new shows rotating every two months in our east bank and virginia cook galleries!go to events pagego to east bank pageeast bank cultural district
 
experience the arts under an open sky here in the east bank district. live music, delicious food, and more in the heart of downtown bossier, including quarterly events in the east bank plaza!east bank theatre
 
whether stage plays, beauty pageants, or comedy shows, the east bank theatre has hosted many onstage productions and screenings here in bossier city.go to galleries pageevents & programming
 
the bossier arts council produces fan-favorite programs throughout the year including events like artini and the sbc zombie walk.go to artists pageeducation and outreach
 
as a 501(c)3 nonprofit we fulfill our mission of supporting arts education by engaging the community with outreach and supply drives.go to education pageart annex building
 
the art annex is a rentable space at the bac that is used for workshops, classes, club meetings, celebrations, summer camps, and more!go to blog pagegalleryour teambrittainy pope
executive director
britt@bossierarts.orgalex richardson
marketing coordinator
alex@bossierarts.orgjeremy hefner
venue coordinator
jeremy@bossierarts.orgdyra turner
administrative assistant
dyra@bossierarts.orgour history
 
the bossier arts council is housed in the old bossier city municipal building.  built in 1926, the bossier arts council took up residence in 1980 and the building  was later listed on the national register of historic places in 2002.
 
designed by architects jones, roessle, olschner, and wiener, this two-story brick building originally included city offices, an auditorium/council chamber, and a fire station (the space of which now houses one of our two galleries). it also housed upstairs jail cells which are still installed and available to see!  as mentioned by the nrhp nomination, the building possesses some elements that can be termed renaissance revival in their style.  enjoy this excerpt by the nrhp describing the details and designs behind the municipal building’s architecture:“[t]he municipal building has a romantic and evocative style that partakes of the italian renaissance and baroque, although the effect is heavily dependent upon accent features rather than overall design. despite some admittedly significant alterations over the years, the building retains the bulk of its original exterior character and would be easily recognizable to someone from the historic period. hence it conveys its identity and historical significance as a “coming of age” for bossier city.
 
the municipal building’s italian flavor can be seen in its villa-like asymmetrical massing under a low, broadly overhanging roof (originally clay tile) with widely spaced extended brackets. the asymmetry is minimal, but nonetheless convincing when seen from a three-quarter view. massing takes the form of a large, low-pitch, gable-fronted main block with a one story projection on the east side and a two story projection containing the staircase on the west side.
 
at the rear is a flat roofed fire station wing. the one story addition spanning the western elevation of the main block, behind the staircase “tower,” dates from the historic period. its brickwork and windows are identical to the original construction. a series of great round arch windows on the second story façade and side elevations light what was originally the council chamber. five of these windows span the façade. above them, in the low gable, is a cast stone tablet with classical details identifying the building.”created by our friends at the bossier parish libraries, the following video covers almost 100 years of our building’s history with fellow historian cheryl h. white! watch and learn some amazing  facts about our building that not even we knew!our valuesmission statement
 
we are dedicated to promoting, supporting, and providing cultural events and programming in order to enhance the quality of life, and to promote the cultural identity of bossier parish.non-discrimination policy
 
we are committed to equal opportunity and unbiased treatment of all individuals based on job-related qualifications and without regard to race, color, gender, age, national origin, religion, creed, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, citizenship, disability, veteran status or any other basis.become a member!support the arts
 
your membership helps support the arts in bossier parish.  the funds from memberships go directly towards organizing events, maintaining our facilities, and providing resources for local artists and performers.priority access
 
as a member, you'll receive priority access to our events, workshops, and exhibitions. be the first to see new exhibitions, book tickets for performances, and register for workshops and classes.networking opportunities
 
membership provides numerous opportunities to meet and network with artists, performers, art enthusiasts, and industry professionals. it's a chance to become part of a vibrant, creative community.discounts
 
enjoy discounts on tickets for performances, workshops, and classes. members may also receive discounts on artwork purchases during exhibitions.regular updates
 
stay in the loop with regular newsletters and updates about upcoming events, exhibitions, and opportunities at bac.opportunity to exhibit
 
for artist members, there's the opportunity to apply for a spot in our galleries. have your work seen and appreciated by a wide audience.support usby becoming a member, you're not just supporting the arts, you're becoming part of a community that values creativity, talent, and cultural growth.  join us today and help us continue to make bossier parish a vibrant hub for the arts.copyright © 2024 bossier arts council • website designed and developed by xentient technology
























































