



acne treatment information













acne treatment information
the acne control 
      website offers acne sufferers information, help and advice on the prevention and treatment of acne. 
      the site is also an invaluable resource for their friends and family, 
      who may be struggling to appreciate  both the physical and emotional trauma that the condition causes 
      and so failing to provide appropriate support.
acne control
acne is an unpleasant and unsightly skin condition recognised by the presence of characteristic 
      spots on affected areas of skin.  acne develops 
      most commonly on the face, but it may affect the back, chest, genitals or other areas 
      of the body. acne sufferers 
      should  control their acne, rather than letting acne control their livesall too often, the effects of the condition come to dominate the sufferer's life. 
      people who develop acne may become withdrawn, socially isolated or, in rare cases, seriously 
      psychologically disturbed. the biggest barriers to the effective treatment of both the 
      physical and emotional effects of acne are a lack of understanding and fear of the condition. 
      the ethos of the acne control 
      website is that acne sufferers should control their acne, rather than letting acne control 
      their lives. it's often easier to quote these mantras than to live by them, but it can 
      be done.
understanding acne
the first step towards conquering acne is to gain an understanding of the condition. 
      people who understand the causes of acne and mechanism by which it damages the skin are most 
      likely to choose an appropriate  treatment regime and persist with it. this  will ensure 
      the fastest recovery with the least likelihood of complications. the acne information section  answers  two key   questions, what is acne? and what causes acne? grasp these two essentials concepts, and get to grips 
      with the somewhat confusing issue of the different types of acne, and you are well placed 
      to make informed decisions about how your condition should be managed.
acne treatment


except in cases of the very mildest forms of acne, or the most phlegmatic of individuals, 
      acne sufferers will inevitably start thinking about whether they should begin some form 
      of  treatment regime. this raises all sorts of difficult questions. is  treatment 
      always necessary? will over the counter acne medication clear the condition effectively? 
      should i book an immediate appointment with a doctor, risking the indignity and embarrassment 
      that might bring? the acne treatment section of the site provides details of the acne 
      treatments which are currently available and points out the advantages and disadvantages 
      of each approach to treatment. deciding on the best course of action isn't easy. 
      it is it important that you have access to impartial information about which treatments 
      are effective and which  might cause side effects. making the wrong choices about your  acne treatment 
      can be far worse than deciding not to treat it at all.
doctors and acne
two of the most frequent complaints levelled against the medical profession are a tendency 
      to treat diseases rather than patients and a failure to communicate effectively.  
      the reality is that most doctors are extremely overworked. much as they would love to 
      spend half an hour or more with an acne sufferer explaining everything about their condition, 
      its causes and the pros and cons of different  treatments, they simply don't have 
      the time. some 
      doctors don't think acne is a very sexy disease and keep acne patients at arms length add to this the fact that acne isn't considered by some doctors to be a sexy 
      disease - not life threatening, very common and rather messy to examine - and you'll begin 
      to understand why some doctors keep their acne patients at arms length and why some acne 
      sufferers feel that they are treated like second class citizens. the acne control 
      website will provide you with the essential information and advice about acne which your 
      doctor would probably tell you if they had the time, all presented in language which is 
      clear and easy to understand. armed with this information, you will be able to communicate 
      intelligently with your doctor or pharmacist about your  treatment - often the first 
      step to being taken seriously - and argue you corner effectively if 
      you disagree with them about aspects of your management.
health warning
the information about the management of acne contained in the acne control 
      website is provided in good faith and accords with current medical practice in the united 
      kingdom. the site provides only general information and guidance on acne management, which 
      should not be construed as constituting specific medical, diagnostic, or acne treatment 
      advice. the terms of use 
      and disclaimer delineate 
      respectively the terms and conditions to which all users must agree before accessing the 
      acne control website and the 
      limits of the website owner's legal liability to it users...









 
    copyright © dr. gavin walker  2005-2019. all rights reserved.
  
















acne control
acne information

what is acne?
types of acne spots
how acne develops
causes of acne
acne articles 


types of acne

clinical acne types
adolescent acne
infantile acne
occupational acne
drug-induced acne
occlusion acne
cosmetic acne


acne distribution

age distribution
baby acne
childhood acne
pre-teen acne
teenage acne
adult acne


acne prevention
acne treatment

acne treatment options
home treatment for acne
acne treatment by a doctor
medical treatment of acne
acne alternative treatments


acne scars
acne help
@ acne control

disclaimer
terms of use
copyright
contact details


















