


study in the uk, search courses, universities and student information | study in the uk - uk university application expert




















































languages 


english
afghanistan
arabic
chinese
iran
lithuania
poland
portugal
russia
slovakia
spain


apply now
enquire online




menu







about


who we are


what to expect from us


how to apply


faq




student placement


about uk universities

uk educational system


uk placement service


eu student requirements


how to apply




university courses


gcse courses


pre-university courses


september 2025 pre-university courses


january 2026 pre-university courses

undergraduate courses


postgraduate courses


uk application deadlines


september 2025 courses


january 2026 courses


complete university guide


a-z list of universities


complete subject guide


a-z list of subjects




student info


complete destinations guide


student life in uk


study in england


student accommodation


student visa


maintenance fund calculator


student cost of living




contact








phone:
+44(0)1273 725 577







opening times:
mon - fri: 10.00 - 18:00 gmt







e-mail address:
apply@ukstudy.com














quality uk university placement service


									uk study is determined to help all prospective international students who want to study in the uk.	
									

learn more
contact us









complete british universities guide 2025/2026


									 complete british university guide for international students who want to apply for 2025/2026 intake.
									

learn more
contact us









complete british university subjects guide 2025/2026


										complete british university subjects guide for international students.
									

learn more
contact us









complete student destinations guide 2025/2026


									complete student destinations guide for international students want to study in united kingdom.	
									

learn more
contact us




















phone
+44(0)1273 725 577







opening times:
mon - fri: 10.00 - 18:00 gmt







e-mail address:
apply@ukstudy.com












what would you like to study?

choose your type of uk study you are interested in. 
				you can apply to most of the uk schools, uk colleges and uk universities for september intake or january intake.               	
				



apply to gcseseptember 2025 intake
apply to gcsejanuary 2026 intake



apply to collegeseptember 2025 intake
apply to collegejanuary 2026 intake



apply to universityseptember 2025 intake
apply to universityjanuary 2026 intake



quality uk university placement service 2025 - 2026


uk study is proud to help international students to choose and apply for a variety of universities in the united kingdom for courses such as pre-sessional, foundation, undergraduate and postgraduate degree.
              

british universities are renowned worldwide for having excellent teaching standards, outstanding facilities and for the whole student experience. a qualification from a british university will greatly increase your employability potential and they are highly sought after. this is one of the main reasons why so many overseas students choose the united kingdom to pursue their higher education.
              

our team of dedicated educational consultants will guide you through the entire process from application to accepting your offer. 
              

we work closely with all the main uk universities and we are a ucas registered centre. we help students around the world by giving accurate and updated information on research degree courses, universities and colleges, accommodation, visa application, careers and much more.
               


uk university application deadlines 2025
there are several dates and deadlines you will need to put into your diary throughout the university application process. this university application timeline gives you an overview of when you can apply for undergraduate courses and highlights the uk university application deadlines for 2025.
								
							
uk university application deadlines




university facts


 


our guarantees

the most important question that every student has while choosing an educational placement agency is, “will there be any guaranteed acceptance?” although, each case is special and needs to be assessed individually, it is important that there’s some guarantee on the services offered. 
              

our placement service ensures that all our students find their place within a uk university, and if the student is not yet ready for direct entry we will advise on the alternative pathway programmes. we have strong partnerships with over 60 universities and an excellent understanding of the british education system.
              









completebritish universities guide 2025




select university

anglia ruskin university
bath spa university
birkbeck university of london
birmingham city university
brunel university
cardiff university
cardiff metropolitan university
city university of london
coventry university
de montfort university
durham university
glasgow caledonian university
goldsmiths university of london
heriot watt university
istituto marangoni london
keele university
kingston university
lancaster university
leeds beckett university
liverpool john moores university
london metropolitan university
london south bank university
manchester metropolitan university
newcastle university
oxford brookes university
plymouth university
queen mary university of london
queen's university belfast
royal holloway university of london
royal veterinary college, university of london
st george university of london
swansea university
the courtauld institute of art, university of london
the university of manchester
uclan university of central lancashire
university college birmingham
university college dublin
university of aberdeen
university of bolton
university of bradford
university of brighton
university of buckingham
university of chester
university of chichester
university of east anglia
university of east london
university of exeter
university of glasgow
university of gloucestershire
university of greenwich
university of hertfordshire
university of huddersfield
university of hull
university of kent
university of leeds
university of leicester
university of lincoln
university of liverpool
university of northampton
university of portsmouth
university of reading
university of sheffield
university of stirling
university of strathclyde
university of sunderland
university of surrey
university of sussex
university of the west of england
university of the west of scotland
university of ulster
university of west london
university of westminster
university of wolverhampton
 uk universities are known for their academic tradition, modernity, teaching methodology and employability. study in the uk and find out why british educational institutions are so respected all over the world.     
								
learn more












complete university subject guide 2025




select subject

accounting and finance
aeronautical & manafacturing engineering
agriculture and forestry
anatomy and physiology
anthropology
archaeology
architecture
art & design
biological sciences
building
business and management studies
chemical engineering
chemistry
civil engineering
classics and ancient history
communication and media studies
complementary medicine
computer science
counselling 
creative writing
criminology
dentistry
drama dance and cinematics
economics
education
electrical and electronic engineering
english
fashion
film making
food science
forensic science
general engineering 
geography and environmental science
geology
health and social care
history
history of art architecture and design
hospitality leisure recreation and tourism
information technology
land and property management
law
linguistics
marketing
materials technology
mathematics
mechanical engineering
medical technology
medicine
music
nursing
occupational therapy
pharmacology and pharmacy
philosophy
physics and astronomy
physiotherapy
politics
psychology
robotics
social policy
social work
sociology
sports science
veterinary medicine
youth work
 uk universities offer a wide range of degrees across different subject areas. we can offer great support for you to find the subject that you wish to pursue at uk university.  
								
learn more













completestudent destinations guide 2025




select destination

aberdeen
ayr
bath
belfast
birmingham
bognor regis
bolton
bradford
brighton
bristol
buckingham
cambridge
canterbury
cardiff
chatham
chelmsford
cheltenham
chester
chichester
coventry
dublin
dumfries
durham
eastbourne
edinburgh
exeter
glasgow
gloucester
guildford
hamilton
hastings
huddersfield
hull
lancaster
leeds
leicester
lincoln
liverpool
london
manchester
newcastle
newport
northampton
norwich
oxford
paisley
peterborough
plymouth
portsmouth
preston
reading
sheffield
stirling
sunderland
swansea
wolverhampton
  complete student destinations guide, will guide you through top uk student citites.   

 
								
learn more













 about uk study



69
university partners



11459
university courses



9845
university offers



55
student destinations



would you like to study at british university? with uk study you can easily find information about british universities, available courses and student destinations. our aim is to help international students to make the right decision, with quality university entry and fast application process.
    						
more about us what to expect from us faq










								your future is in your hands!
							

								but we can help you to make it better. our educational experts are here to help you. 
							


   apply now!








uk university course guide


undergraduate courses in the uk are quite flexible; they can be tailored to suit the interests of the student. postgraduate degrees tutors and teachers provide the structure of the course however, the student is encouraged to think independently the whole time. research programs introduced in the classroom give all technical support to the student, who draws from this experience the tools that will be used later when they need to perform an advanced research. for those who choose the master of business administration (mba), the challenges are part of the routine of the student, who usually already has extensive experience in the job market. the mba course usually encompasses case studies, business-focused games, and simulations that stimulate executive thinking. 

sounds a little confusing? don't worry uk study team can help you choose the best course and the right university!









 enquire online now!

preparation courses



uk universities provide courses for international students who do not meet the entry requirements for bachelor’s degree or masters programmes.   those courses are specifically tailored to meet the needs of international students and designed in line with related progression degrees at the university.  
								
learn more










 enquire online now!

undergraduate courses



a bachelor’s degree is a three-year degree of full-time study, you can also opt for an additional year of work placement. the selection process for universities in the uk can be quite different from the process in your country, so it is important to seek professional advice prior to sending your application.  
								
learn more










 enquire online now!

postgraduate courses



master’s degree courses typically take one academic year to complete, but you are also able to take a pre-master's year before your master's to develop and improve your study skills, subject knowledge and academic language level. a master’s degree can be a viable option to improve your career prospects. 
								
learn more















our promise

with over 20 years' experience our team of dedicated educational consultants will guide you through the entire process from application to accepting your offer.
we aim to actively promote british higher education all around the globe.

						








apply online

let us help you find the right university for you!  
we will help you prepare your application and apply to our partner universities. we will follow up with the universities in order to obtain a decision on your applications in the fastest possible time.

   apply now!





 



partners & accreditations
































									uk study provides trustworthy and reliable uk university placement services for overseas and international students aiming to study at top uk universities.
                  
     

choose your language:


















student info


student destinations guide 2025


student visa


student accommodation


student life in uk


student cost of living


contact us






uk placement



british universities guide 2025


university subjects guide 2025


uk application deadlines 2025


september 2025 courses


january 2026 courses


pre-university courses


undergraduate courses


postgraduate courses








© 1999 - 2025 ukstudy.com . all rights reserved  . part of study first groupukstudy.com . 5 gordon mews . gordon close . brighton . bn41 1hu . united kingdom
 by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our privacy & cookie policy and data protection policy
















