

w.r. zemlin memorial web site














 





























dr. willard r. zemlin




willard r. zemlin was a faculty member in the department of speech 
                and hearing science at the university of illinois at urbana-champaign 
                for 20 years. he was also on the faculty of the university of 
                illinois school of basic medical sciences. as author of the well-known 
                textbook speech and hearing science, anatomy and physiology, 
                dr. zemlin's influence on the field of speech and hearing science 
                has been an unmatched phenomenon.
 this web site contains a sampling of dr. zemlin's photographic 
                slides of the larynx, central nervous system, skull and respiratory 
                system. it was his desire to share this information with others 
                in speech and hearing science and related professions.
this set of slides, which includes slides taken at the university 
                of illinois, was developed when he was a visiting professor in 
                the school of audiology and speech-language pathology at memphis 
                state university (now known as the university of memphis) and 
                was sponsored by the center for research initiatives and strategies 
                for the communicatively imparied (crisci). facilities and anatomical 
                specimens were provided by the department of anatomy and neurobiology 
                of the university of tennessee health science center, memphis, 
                tennessee. fang-ling lu (all slide groups) and rebecca taylor 
                (respiratory system slides only) were graduate students of dr. 
                zemlin at the time and assisted in the dissection and preparation 
                of the anatomical specimens. permission to post these slides and 
                the photographs of dr. zemlin at this site have been obtained. 
              
 you are encouraged to use this site for individual educational 
                purposes only; however copying and/or reprinting of these slides 
                and photographs without authorization are striclty prohibited. 
                please obtain permission by contacting zemlinpermission@ahs.uiuc.edu.







would you like to make a gift to the zemlin memorial fund? click here.





			    • home 
              page
        • text 
      only version
                • zemlin 
              biography
department 
                of speech and hearing science

college of applied health sciences 






home   •   larynx 
  1   •   larynx 
  2   •   central 
  nervous system   •   skull   •   respiratory 
  system





