



nadeau music – sharing the best in blues and roots music and live venues



































skip to content







nadeau musicsharing the best in blues and roots music and live venues 

 





primary navigation menu

menu
home
about
contact
bands/musicians

albert castiglia
albert cummings
ana popovic
carolyn wonderland
jimmy thackery
jim suhler
popa chubby
sam lightnin’ hopkins
selwyn birchwood
stevie ray vaughan
the nighthawks
tommy castro
walter trout





















welcome to nadeau music!we are building an internet neighborhood music store for friends, fans and fellow explorers of american roots & blues music. our journey into roots & blues music began with george thorogood and the (delaware) destroyers. gt introduced us to john lee hooker, hound dog taylor, elmore james ad many more. many of the greatest rock and roll bands credit american blues players as their influence. stevie ray vaughn and the local blues scene of central new york cemented our connection to roots & blues. we are on a daily journey into the roots & blues music of the u.s.a. and follow the world’s blues musicians and fans on their journey. the blues continue to influence current music and we will share them all at nadeau music.our passion is sharing regional and independent musicians and venues. there is usually good food and good working coolers associated with the venue. we will be listing venues in and around the triangle in north carolina and plan to add the tampa, florida area. our hearts will always lay with the musicians and supporters of roots & blues music in central and northern new york. we will be sharing that great music and community.we are an amazon associate site for international and strictly licensed artists. small stores like nadeau music cannot compete with the distribution costs for these artists. however, we are in constant search to stock many regional and independent artists’ music to purchase directly from nadeau music. visitors are provided options to purchase or stream music and video. most photos and artwork on the site are our personal collection while travelling throughout the eastern u.s.thanks for joining our journey and letting us share in yours! peace in the blues!
















bands/musicians 
















albert castigliaalbert cummings










ana popoviccarolyn wonderland 










jim suhlerjimmy thackery










popa chubbysam “lightnin'” hopkins










selwyn birchwoodstevie ray vaughanthe nighthawkstommy castro
















					 designed using divogue. powered by wordpress.				



























