








princeton music connection - music for weddings & special events














































































































instagramfacebook book today!      609.936.9811 | info@princetonmusic.com  ny nj pa ct de  


home
about us
the music

bands & dj’s
classical
jazz
sound clips


weddings
parties & events

corporate events
special occasions & parties


music lessons
contact us





menu


menu

 






previousnext1234musical entertainment for weddings & special eventsmusicians |  bands and djs | music lessons

previousnext123


musical entertainment for  weddings & special eventsmusicians |  bands and djs | music lessons


make your event unforgettable with princeton music connection! we bring extraordinary musical entertainment to multi-cultural weddings and parties across new york, new jersey, and philadelphia. our classical string trio, jazz flute quartet, a vast array of wedding and party bands, and djs are ready to make your celebration truly special. we know that choosing the perfect musical entertainment is one of the most important decisions you will make and it’s our job to ensure that all runs smoothly for you and your guests!
new! music lessons with experienced teachers:
study with professional flautist wendy zoffer, or you can sign up for piano, guitar, drums, or violin lessons!
make sure to follow us on our social media platforms:

link to facebooklink to instagram

book us today!
princeton music connection is the winner of the weddingwire couples’ choice awards 2025!




testimonials

“spectacular!! my first call to wendy felt very comfortable as if i knew her for many years. the duo was perfect for our wedding. the music was timely and sweet. we couldn’t have asked for a better experience. well worth the investment. we highly recommend her!!!!”
terri
“excellent performer! wendy is an incredible flute player. she played classical and jazz songs at my daughter’s bridal shower. all of my guests really enjoyed her performance.wendy is an incredible flute player. she played classical and jazz songs at my daughter’s bridal shower. all of my guests really enjoyed her performance.”
irene w.mother of the bride
“dear wendy -the music was perfect at my wedding. many guests commented on the strings and elegance, sophistication, and class it lent to my ceremony. thank you, thank you, thank  you from the bottom of my heart for the musical contribution to the magic of my day.”
marjory & nick knechel
“hi wendy! my husband and i were so happy with the quartet that played at our sept. 26th wedding reception at the trenton country club.  they played beautifully and truly enhanced the reception.  thank you so much!  we would recommend princeton music connection to anyone.”
jeannine haight
“wendy had the perfect mariachi band for our daughter’s wedding. we felt the cost was very reasonable, and wendy made the whole booking process very easy. with so many details to take care of regarding the wedding and reception, it was nice to have these arrangements fall into place so easily. the band added such a fun, festive note to the reception. we felt that the princeton music connection was a great choice!“
joy
“wendy, the wedding was great, it was all perfect!“
cara w.
“wendy,  from intermezzo trio at the rehearsal dinner and the bagpiper at the ceremony, everything was perfect. thank you!”
bill torpey
“beautiful music! flautist wendy zoffer and a harpist played for our daughter’s wedding ceremony and cocktail hour. wendy was very helpful in choosing music for the various parts of the ceremony and she played classic and modern music during the cocktail hour. all was beautiful and so worthwhile. great folks to work with!”
diane c.
“we hired the princeton music connection to play bluegrass music at the cocktail hour of my daughter’s wedding. we couldn’t have been happier! the music was wonderful and added just the right atmosphere because we were having an outdoor reception. and wendy was so helpful and understanding!”
kathy matson
“the princeton music connection was fantastic. in addition to being exceptional musicians, they were willing to learn several new pieces that we requested, and did a fantastic job timing the various processionals! highly recommend this group!”
michael
“wendy and her team, princeton music connection, are incredible. professional, courteous, and super talented, i would choose them again any time. they will be at the top of my ceremony music referral list!”
jasmine
“can only say good things! princeton music connection was great. we customized a trio for our ceremony and they sounded wonderful. prompt, and easy to work with, intermezzo trio will do their best to play whatever you want. thanks again!”
liqi
“ours was a same gender wedding reception and it was treated with respect and dignity which was deeply appreciated. the type of music we had chosen was played well and was mostly classical. we certainly recommend princeton music connection.”
the grooms
“we had such an awesome wedding and wendy was so responsive throughout requests and tastes. several guests commented on how fantastic yet tasteful the music was for our day wedding. we could not have been more pleased!”
laura 
“consummate professionals. wendy and princeton music connection did an incredible job setting the mood for our most important wedding ceremony. she was very easy to communicate with throughout the lead in to the big day, and they really performed up to my lofty expectations. i would highly recommend them.”
andrew knable
previousnext

  


© copyright  - princeton music connection site built by: overhaulics 
instagramfacebook






scroll to top



















































