

































you'll need to enable javascript to view this site.
if this is not your computer, speak to the site administrator.
the rest of this page will be incorrectly formatted.









philosophers should diligently inquire into the powers
and energy of custom, exercise, habit, education, example, imitation,
emulation, company, friendship, praise, reproof, exhortation,
reputation, laws, books, studies etc.; for these are the things that
reign in men's morals; by these agents the mind is formed and
subdued.
— , , book vii, chapter 3
[1605]


welcome! my name is , and you've entered the paul
rosenfels community website, an oasis in cyberspace where people
interested in contemporary secular humanism as expressed in the ideas
of this late 20th-century philosopher can meet, read the works paul
and his students left us, and offer up their own ideas and
observations.

paul was a chicago-based board-certified psychiatrist and
psychoanalyst who broke with both these systems in the 1940's and
developed his own ideas about human nature. in 1973, he and i founded
the ninth street center in new york city to teach his innovative
insights to creative and independent men and women, many of whom have
gone on to become teachers and leaders themselves. slowly, more and
more people around the world have learned about paul and the center's
work. paul died in the summer of 1985 at the age of 76, but this
larger community has been served by the



website since 1997, and this website since 2009.

paul's approach to character analysis owes something to carl jung's
description of the polarity between introverted and extroverted types,
which in turn had






— 



many historical precedents. but where jung thought that these types
must live in separated worlds, paul saw that they not only attract one
another, but can establish lasting polarized and even mated
relationships when it serves their romantic and other developmental
interests.

paul was also the first american social scientist to defend
homosexuality in print as a valid lifestyle. he drew upon his work
with psychological polarity to demonstrate that a relationship between
two men or two women could involve much more than the narcissistic
hedonism stressed in psychiatric literature.

but such insights were becoming common knowledge by the time paul
started publishing in the 60's. his greatest contribution was in
analyzing human nature in a deeper and broader way than most
conventional psychologists were capable of. some people have
categorized paul as a "moral philosopher", a "philosophical
anthropologist", or simply as a thinker. many of us believe that his
detailed descriptions of truth and right, love and power, honesty and
courage, insight and mastery, and similar features of the personality
are both fundamental and comprehensive enough to constitute the
foundation of that great unrealized dream of the enlightenment, a true
science of human nature.

and check out our sister site, the  blog, where you can discuss
the postings of rachel bartlett and friends.










.







science of human nature,
philosophical anthropology,
moral philosophy,
humanistic psychology,
personal growth,
interpersonal creativity,
social progress,
introversion,
extraversion,
femininity,
masculinity,
psychological polarity,
character specialization











